--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
 
 
AIB MORTGAGE BANK u.c. 
(a public unlimited company incorporated under the laws of Ireland with registration number 404926) 
€20,000,000,000 
MORTGAGE COVERED SECURITIES PROGRAMME 
The Issuer is a designated mortgage credit institution for the purposes of the ACS Act. The Securities will constitute mortgage 
covered securities for the purposes and with the benefit of the ACS Act.  
See Definitions and Interpretation for definitions of defined terms used in, and rules of interpretation applying to, this Base 
Prospectus. Under the Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue the Securities denominated in any currency agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and subject to the minimum denomination of any Security to be admitted to trading 
on a regulated market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation or offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA 
being €100,000 (or the equivalent thereof in another currency).  
Securities may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively, Bearer Securities and Registered Securities). The maximum 
aggregate nominal amount of all Securities from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed 
€20,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
Securities may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers, which appointment may be for a specific issue 
or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Securities 
being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to purchase such Securities.  
See Risk Factors for a discussion of certain risk factors to be considered in connection with an investment in Securities.  
This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date hereof.  The obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when the Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid. This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and has been approved by the Central Bank, as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central 
Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality 
of the Securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability 
of investing in the Securities. Such approval relates only to the Securities which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the EEA. Application has been made to the Irish Stock 
Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin, for the Securities issued under the Programme to be admitted to the Official List 
and to trading on its regulated market. The Programme provides that Securities may be listed or admitted to trading, as the 
case may be, on such other or further stock exchange(s) or market(s) (including regulated markets) as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Securities and/or Securities not admitted to trading on 
any market. 
Amounts payable under the Securities may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR, SONIA and SOFR as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and each as defined in the Conditions. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI (as administrator 
of EURIBOR) appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmark Regulation. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
administrators of SONIA and SOFR do not appear on ESMA’s register of administrators and benchmarks pursuant to Article 
36 of the EU Benchmark Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, SONIA and SOFR do not fall within the scope of the EU 
Benchmark Regulation. 
Arrangers 
AIB Bank 
J.P. Morgan 
Dealers 
AIB Bank 
J.P. Morgan  
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 27 September 2024.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
INTRODUCTION 
For the purposes of Article 11 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer accepts responsibility for the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, such 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and 
does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. This declaration is included in this Base 
Prospectus in compliance with Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of Article 11 of the Prospectus Regulation, AIB Bank accepts responsibility for the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus relating to AIB Bank and the Group (but excluding 
information specifically relating to the Issuer and the Securities). To the best of the knowledge of AIB Bank, such 
information (other than as aforesaid) is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect 
the import of such information. This declaration is included in this Base Prospectus in compliance with Article 8 
of the Prospectus Regulation. 
No Relevant Person accepts any responsibility for the contents of, or makes any representation or warranty as to 
the accuracy, completeness or fairness of any information in, this Base Prospectus or any Transaction Document. 
Each Relevant Person expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from, or in 
reliance upon, the whole or any part of the contents of any Transaction Document. No Relevant Person has 
authorised or will authorise the contents of any Transaction Document, or has recommended or endorsed the 
merits of the offering of securities or any other course of action contemplated by any Transaction Document. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer, the Arrangers or the Dealers to give any information or to make 
any representation other than those contained in this Base Prospectus or which are incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus and referred to below under Documents Incorporated by Reference and, if given or made, 
such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Arrangers 
or any of the Dealers. 
None of the Dealers or the Arrangers have separately verified the information contained or incorporated by 
reference herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no 
responsibility or liability is accepted by the Arrangers or the Dealers or any of them as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information contained or incorporated by reference, in this Base Prospectus or any other 
information provided by the Issuer or AIB Bank in connection with the Programme, any Securities or the 
distribution of any Securities. No Dealer or Arranger accepts liability in relation to the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer or AIB Bank in 
connection with the Programme. 
None of the Dealers or the Arrangers shall be responsible for any matter which is the subject of any statement, 
representation, warranty, obligation or covenant of the Issuer contained in the Securities, the Transaction 
Documents or any other agreement or document relating to the Securities, or for the execution, legality, 
effectiveness, adequacy, genuineness, validity, enforceability or admissibility in evidence thereof, with respect to 
any person (other than the relevant Dealer and/or, as applicable, the relevant Arranger). Securities issued under 
the Programme will be liabilities only of the Issuer and not any other person, including the Dealers and the 
Arrangers. The Securities will not be guaranteed by the Government, any other organ or agency of the State, AIB 
Bank, AIB Group plc, the Dealers or the Arrangers.  
An investment in Securities involves a reliance on the Pool and the creditworthiness of the Issuer. The Securities 
are not guaranteed by AIB Bank, AIB Group plc or by the Government or the State. 
The Securities will not represent an obligation or be the responsibility of any person other than the Issuer. 
Although the Issuer is an unlimited company and AIB Bank is the sole member of the Issuer, AIB Bank will not 
be acting as a guarantor and Security holders will have no right of recourse against AIB Bank. Only the liquidator 
of the Issuer or the courts may proceed against AIB Bank to require it as a member of an unlimited company to 
make a contribution on the winding-up of the Issuer. No agency or organ of the State is a guarantor of the 
Securities. 
An investment in Securities involves the risk that subsequent changes in the actual or perceived creditworthiness 
of the Issuer or other entities (including AIB Bank, AIB Group plc or the State) may adversely affect the market 
value of the relevant Securities.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Securities, interest (if any) payable in respect of Securities, the issue 
price of Securities and any other terms and conditions not contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus which are applicable to each Tranche of Securities will be set out in the Final Terms which, with 
respect to Securities to be listed on the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin 
and to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin 
will be delivered to the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin. 
The Issuer anticipates that Securities issued under the Programme may be issued and used by the Group as 
collateral for monetary policy operations. Accordingly, an issue of Securities by the Issuer and admission of such 
Securities to listing or trading on a regulated market should not necessarily be taken as an indication that there is 
an active and liquid market for such Securities at the time of issue, listing or admission to trading. 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold in 
the US or to, or for the account or benefit of, US persons unless an exemption from the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act is available or in a transaction not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act. Accordingly, the Securities are being offered and sold only outside the US in reliance upon Regulation S of 
the Securities Act. The Securities are also subject to US tax law requirements. See Form of the Securities, Issue 
Procedures and Clearing Systems for a description of the manner in which Securities will be issued. Registered 
Securities are subject to certain restrictions on transfer; see Subscription and Sale, Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions and Secondary Market Arrangements. 
Securities in bearer form are subject to US tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the US or its possessions or to US persons, except in certain transactions permitted by US tax regulations. Terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the US Internal Revenue Code and the regulations 
promulgated thereunder. 
The Issuer may agree with one or more Dealers that Securities may be issued in a form not contemplated by the 
Conditions, in which event, a supplementary base prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available which will 
describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Securities. 
Securities issued under the Programme may on issue be rated by Moody’s and/or S&P and/or such other rating 
agency or agencies as may be appointed by the Issuer to rate the Securities, such rating(s) to be disclosed in the 
applicable Final Terms for the relevant Securities. The rating of Securities will not necessarily be the same as the 
rating applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
organisation. The rating methodology employed by a rating agency when rating Securities is subject to change at 
any time at the discretion of that rating agency and may affect ratings attributed to Securities already issued under 
the Programme.  
Where required, the applicable Final Terms will disclose whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation 
to relevant Securities is issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU or in the UK and registered under, 
as applicable, the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation.  
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating 
is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered under the EU CRA Regulation. UK 
regulated investors are restricted under the UK CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes 
unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
S&P is established in the EU, registered under the EU CRA Regulation and appears on the latest update of the list 
of registered credit rating agencies on the European Securities and Markets Authority website at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk.  
Moody's is established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. The list of rating agencies 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation can be found at: https://register.fca.org.uk/s/. Moody's is not established 
in the EU and has not applied for registration under the EU CRA Regulation. The ratings issued by Moody's have 
been endorsed by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. Moody’s 
Deutschland GmbH is established in the EU and registered under the EU CRA Regulation. As such, Moody’s

--- Page 4 ---
4 
Deutschland GmbH is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority.  
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect 
of any Securities includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Securities are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II Directive; or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II Directive; or (iii) not a qualified investor  as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation for 
offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect 
of any Securities includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Securities are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of UK MiFIR; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information 
document required by the UK PRIIPs Regulation for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Securities 
will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the Securities and which channels for distribution of the Securities are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Securities should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the MiFID II Directive is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each Tranche about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer in respect of the relevant Securities is a manufacturer in respect of such Securities, 
but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET - The Final Terms in respect of any Securities 
will include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the Securities and which channels for distribution of the Securities are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Securities should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each Tranche about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer in respect of the relevant Securities is a manufacturer in respect of such Securities, 
but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 
(Chapter 289) of Singapore (as amended, the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise specified before an offer of 
Securities, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of 
the SFA), that the Securities are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018)

--- Page 5 ---
5 
and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
This Base Prospectus may only be used for the purposes for which it has been published. This Base Prospectus 
supersedes the base prospectus dated 19 May 2023 issued by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Securities (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer, the Arrangers or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or 
any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Securities should purchase any 
Securities. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Securities should: (i) determine for itself the relevance of 
the information contained in (including incorporated by reference into) this Base Prospectus, (ii) make its own 
independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of 
the Issuer and such Securities and (iii) make its own determination of the suitability of any such investment in 
light of its own circumstances, with particular reference to its own investment objectives and experience, and any 
other factors that are relevant to it in connection with such investment, in each case, based upon such investigation 
as it deems necessary. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or the issue of any Securities constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of 
the Dealers or the Arrangers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Securities. 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the terms of the relevant issue 
of Securities including the merits and risks involved. The contents of this Base Prospectus should not be construed 
as providing legal, business, accounting or tax advice. Each prospective investor should consult its own legal, 
business, accounting and tax advisers prior to making a decision to invest in the Securities.  
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Securities shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained or incorporated by reference herein concerning the Issuer 
and/or AIB Bank and/or the Group is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the 
document containing the same. Each potential or actual purchaser of Securities should determine the relevance of 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus or part hereof and the purchase of Securities should be based 
upon such investigation as each purchaser deems necessary. The Dealers and the Arrangers expressly do not 
undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or AIB Bank and/or the Group on or before the 
date of this Base Prospectus or during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Securities of any 
information coming to their attention. 
This Base Prospectus or any Final Terms does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any 
securities other than Securities or an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any Securities in any 
circumstances in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or is unlawful. The distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offer or sale of Securities may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer, the 
Arrangers and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any 
Securities may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any 
such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating 
any such distribution or offering. In particular, save as indicated in the next sentence, no action has been taken by 
the Issuer, the Arrangers or the Dealers which would permit a public offering of any Securities outside the EEA 
or distribution of this document in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.  
This document has been approved by the Central Bank as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation 
and application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin, for approval for 
Securities issued under the Programme to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its regulated market. No 
Securities may be offered or sold, directly or distributed or published in any jurisdiction, and neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed in any jurisdiction, except under 
circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose 
possession this Base Prospectus or any Securities may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such 
restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Securities. In particular, there 
are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Securities in the US, the UK, to 
retail investors or to the public in the EEA, Japan, Republic of Italy, Ireland, Singapore and Switzerland. See 
Subscription and Sale, Transfer and Selling Restrictions and Secondary Market Arrangements.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
None of the Dealers, the Arrangers, the Issuer, AIB Group plc or AIB Bank makes any representation to any 
prospective or actual investor or purchaser of the Securities regarding the legality of its investment therein by such 
prospective or actual investor or purchaser under applicable legal investment or similar laws or regulations. Any 
investor in the Securities should be able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Securities for an 
indefinite period of time. 
In the case of any Securities that are not listed on any recognised stock exchange and that do not mature within 
two years, the Issuer will not sell such Securities to Irish residents and the Issuer will not offer any such Securities 
in Ireland. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information 
included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Securities to be issued under 
the Programme, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new base prospectus for use in 
connection with any subsequent issue of Securities. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (1) Securities are legal investments for it, him or her, (2) Securities can be used as collateral 
for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Securities. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment 
of Securities under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
A wide range of Securities may be issued under the Programme. Potential investors should consider the terms of 
Securities before investing. 
Each potential investor in the Securities must determine the suitability of that investment considering its, his or 
her own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Securities, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Securities and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its, his or her 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Securities and the impact the Securities will have on 
its, his or her overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Securities 
including Securities with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies or where the currency 
for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Securities and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its, his or her investment and its, his or her ability to bear 
the applicable risks. 
The past performance of Securities or other Mortgage Covered Securities issued by the Issuer may not be a reliable 
guide to future performance of Securities. The Securities may fall as well as rise in value. Income or gains from 
Securities may fluctuate in accordance with market conditions and taxation arrangements. Where Securities are 
denominated in a currency other than the reference currency used by the investor, changes in currency exchange 
rates may have an adverse effect on the value, price or income of the Securities.  It may be difficult for investors 
in Securities to sell or realise the Securities and/or obtain reliable information about their value or the extent of 
the risks to which they are exposed (other than as set out in this Base Prospectus). 
SUPPLEMENT TO THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base 
Prospectus as required by the Central Bank and such Article 23.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers under the Programme Agreement that prior to the issue by the 
Issuer and purchase by any Dealer of, any Series or Tranche of Securities, the Issuer will update or amend this 
Base Prospectus by the publication of a supplement to this Base Prospectus or a new base prospectus if at the 
relevant time during the duration of the Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or 
inaccuracy relating to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus which is 
capable of affecting the assessment of any Securities. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue and distribution of any Tranche of Securities, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named 
as the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable Final 
Terms may over-allot Securities (provided that, in the case of any Tranche of Securities to be listed on or admitted 
to trade on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin or any other regulated 
market in the EEA, the aggregate principal amount of Securities allotted does not exceed 105 percent of the 
aggregate principal amount of the relevant Tranche) or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market 
price of the Securities at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance 
that the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of a Stabilising Manager) will undertake stabilisation 
action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the Final 
Terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Securities is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it 
must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Securities and 60 days 
after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Securities. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment is 
required to be conducted in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
CONTENTS 
INTRODUCTION ................................................................................................................................................. 2 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................................................................ 9 
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................................. 17 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ...................................................................................... 50 
FORM OF THE SECURITIES, ISSUE PROCEDURES AND CLEARING SYSTEMS .................................. 53 
FINAL TERMS FOR SECURITIES ................................................................................................................... 57 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES ....................................................................................... 78 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................................ 119 
GREEN BOND FRAMEWORK OVERVIEW................................................................................................. 120 
SOCIAL BOND FRAMEWORK OVERVIEW ............................................................................................... 122 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER .................................................................................................................... 124 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP .................................................................................................................... 128 
CERTAIN ASPECTS OF REGULATION OF RESIDENTIAL LENDING IN IRELAND ............................ 130 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION OF THE ISSUER .............. 144 
IRISH RESIDENTIAL LOAN ORIGINATION AND SERVICING ............................................................... 146 
RESTRICTIONS ON THE ACTIVITIES OF AN INSTITUTION .................................................................. 153 
COVER ASSETS POOL ................................................................................................................................... 159 
THE COVER-ASSETS MONITOR .................................................................................................................. 179 
INSOLVENCY OF INSTITUTIONS ............................................................................................................... 187 
SUPERVISION AND REGULATION OF INSTITUTIONS/MANAGERS ................................................... 192 
TRANSFERS OF A BUSINESS OR ASSETS UNDER THE ACS ACT INVOLVING AN INSTITUTION 197 
REGISTRATION OF INSTITUTIONS/REVOCATION OF REGISTRATION ............................................. 199 
TAXATION ...................................................................................................................................................... 202 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE, TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS AND SECONDARY MARKET 
ARRANGEMENTS .......................................................................................................................................... 207 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................ 214 
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION ...................................................................................................... 216

--- Page 9 ---
9 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
This overview must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and any decision to invest in any Securities 
should be based on a consideration of this Base Prospectus as a whole including the documents incorporated by 
reference. 
This overview is not a ‘summary’ for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, the EU Prospectus Regulations 
or the Irish Prospectus Regulations.  
 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of the 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation. 
 
This overview is qualified in its entirety by the rest of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Capitalised terms used in this overview have the respective meanings given in the Definitions and Interpretation 
section of this Base Prospectus. 
Issuer: 
Issuer LEI:  
 
AIB Mortgage Bank u.c. See Description of the Issuer. 
549300CGO72ED3XVUZ04. 
The Group: 
The Issuer is a member of the Group as a wholly-owned subsidiary of 
AIB Bank which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of AIB Group plc. See 
Description of the Group. 
Programme Description: 
Mortgage Covered Securities Programme. 
Risk Factors: 
There are risk factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Securities issued under the Programme. In addition, 
there are risk factors which are material for the purpose of assessing 
the other risks associated with Securities issued under the Programme. 
See Risk Factors. 
Arrangers: 
AIB Bank and J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
Dealers: 
AIB Bank, J.P. Morgan Securities plc and any other Dealers appointed 
in accordance with the Programme Agreement. 
Principal Paying Agent, Issuing 
Agent and (if applicable) Calculation 
Agent: 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. 
Transfer Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. 
Registrar: 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch.  
Cover-Assets Monitor: 
Forvis Mazars. See Cover-Assets Monitor. 
Irish Listing Agent: 
McCann FitzGerald Listing Services Limited. 
Programme Size: 
Up to €20,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) 
calculated as described below outstanding at any time. The Issuer may 
increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms of 
the Programme Agreement.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
For the purpose of calculating the euro equivalent of the aggregate 
nominal amount of Securities outstanding under the Programme from 
time to time: 
(a) 
the euro equivalent of Securities denominated in another 
Specified Currency (as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
in relation to the Securities, see Final Terms for Securities) 
shall be determined, at the discretion of the Issuer, either as of 
the date on which agreement is reached for the issue of 
Securities or on the preceding day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets are open for business in London, 
in each case, on the basis of the spot rate for the sale of the euro 
against the purchase of such Specified Currency in the London 
foreign exchange market quoted by any leading international 
bank selected by the Issuer on the relevant day of calculation; 
and 
(b) 
the euro equivalent of Zero Coupon Securities (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms in relation to the Securities, see 
Final Terms for Securities) and other Securities issued at a 
discount or a premium shall be calculated in the manner 
specified above by reference to the net proceeds received by the 
Issuer for the relevant issue. 
Distribution: 
Securities may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. Securities 
will be issued only outside the US in reliance on Regulation S. See 
Subscription and Sale, Transfer and Selling Restrictions and 
Secondary Market Arrangements. 
Currencies: 
euro, Sterling, US dollars, Japanese Yen and, subject to any applicable 
legal or regulatory restrictions, any other currency agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as set out in the applicable Final 
Terms). 
Maturities: 
Such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) and as set out in the applicable Final Terms, subject to such 
minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from 
time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any 
laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified 
Currency. See also Extended Maturity Date. 
Issue Price: 
Securities will be issued on a fully-paid basis and may be issued at an 
issue price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Securities, Issue Procedures 
and Clearing Systems: 
The Securities will be issued in bearer or registered form as described 
in Form of the Securities, Issue Procedures and Clearing Systems. 
Registered Securities will not be exchangeable for Bearer Securities 
and vice versa. 
Fixed Rate Securities: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on redemption and will 
be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms).

--- Page 11 ---
11 
Floating Rate Securities: 
Floating Rate Securities will bear interest at a rate determined: 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by 
an agreement incorporating the 2021 ISDA Definitions (as 
published by ISDA and as amended and updated as at the issue 
date of the first Tranche of the Securities of the relevant Series); 
or 
(ii) 
unless the reference rate specified in the applicable Final Terms 
for a particular Tranche of Floating Rate Securities is either 
SONIA or SOFR, on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the 
agreed screen page of a commercial quotation service; or 
(iii) 
where the reference rate specified in the applicable Final Terms 
for a particular Tranche of Floating Rate Securities is either 
SONIA or SOFR, on the basis as specified in Condition 
4(b)(ii)(C) (Interest on Floating Rate Securities – Screen Rate 
Determination 
for 
Floating 
Rate 
Securities 
referencing 
Compounded SONIA) or Condition 4(b)(ii)(D) (Interest on 
Floating Rate Securities – Screen Rate Determination for 
Floating Rate Securities referencing Compounded SOFR) as the 
case may be. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for each Series of 
Floating Rate Securities as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Securities may also have a maximum rate of interest, a 
minimum rate of interest or both, as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
In the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any rate of 
interest (or any component part thereof) cannot be determined by 
reference to the original benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, then the Issuer may (subject 
to certain conditions) be permitted to substitute such benchmark and/or 
screen rate (as applicable) with a successor, replacement or alternative 
benchmark and/or screen rate (with consequent amendment to the 
terms of such Tranche of Securities and, potentially, the application of 
an Adjustment Spread (which could be positive, negative or zero)). 
See Condition 4(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Securities – Benchmark 
Discontinuation) for further information. 
Zero Coupon Securities: 
Zero Coupon Securities will be offered and sold at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms relating to each Tranche of Securities will 
indicate either that the relevant Securities cannot be redeemed prior to 
their stated maturity (unless the relevant Securities have been 
purchased by the Issuer) or that such Securities will be redeemable at 
the option of the Issuer and/or the holders of the Securities upon giving 
notice to the holders or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or 
dates specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices and 
on such other terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s). The applicable Final Terms may provide that 
Securities may be redeemable in two or more instalments of such 
amounts and on such dates as are indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms. See also Extended Maturity Date below.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
Extended Maturity Date: 
The Final Terms shall specify whether an Extended Maturity Date 
applies to a Series of Securities. See also Maturities. 
As regards redemption of Securities to which an Extended Maturity 
Date so applies, if (i) the Issuer fails to redeem the relevant Securities 
in full on the Maturity Date (or within two Business Days thereafter), 
or (ii) the Central Bank or a manager appointed to the Issuer under the 
ACS Act (see Supervision and Regulation of Institutions/Managers – 
Power of the Central Bank to appoint the NTMA or a recommended 
person as manager of an Institution) so directs, the maturity of the 
principal amount outstanding of the Securities not redeemed will 
automatically extend for one or more consecutive Interest Periods up 
to but, no later than, the Extended Maturity Date, as provided for in 
the applicable Final Terms. In that event the Issuer may redeem all or 
any part of the principal amount outstanding of the Securities on any 
Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date up to and including the 
Extended Maturity Date as provided for in the applicable Final Terms. 
As regards interest on Securities to which an Extended Maturity Date 
so applies, if the Issuer fails to redeem the relevant Securities in full 
on the Maturity Date (or within two Business Days thereafter), the 
Securities will bear interest, at the rate provided for in the applicable 
Final Terms, on the principal amount outstanding of the Securities 
from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the earlier 
of the Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date on which the 
Securities are redeemed in full or the Extended Maturity Date, which 
interest will be payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the 
Interest Period ending immediately prior to that Interest Payment Date 
in arrear. 
In the case of a Series of Securities to which an Extended Maturity 
Date so applies, those Securities may for the purposes of the 
Programme be: 
(a) 
Fixed Rate Securities, Zero Coupon Securities or Floating Rate 
Securities in respect of the period from the issue date to (and 
including) the Maturity Date; or 
(b) 
Fixed Rate Securities or Floating Rate Securities in respect of 
the period from (but excluding) the Maturity Date to (and 
including) the Extended Maturity Date, 
as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of Securities which are Zero Coupon Securities up to (and 
including) the Maturity Date and for which an Extended Maturity Date 
applies, the initial outstanding principal amount on the Maturity Date 
for the above purposes will be the total amount otherwise payable by 
the Issuer but unpaid on the relevant Securities on the Maturity Date. 
Denomination of Securities:  
Securities will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) save that the minimum 
denomination of each Security to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market for the purposes of the MiFID II Directive or offered to the 
public in a Member State of the EEA will be €100,000 (or the 
equivalent thereof in another currency) or such higher denomination 
as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central 
bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the

--- Page 13 ---
13 
relevant Specified Currency or as may be required in order to avail of 
any applicable tax exemptions. 
In the case of Securities that are not listed on a recognised stock 
exchange (including Euronext Dublin), the minimum denomination of 
such Securities will be €500,000 if the relevant Securities are 
denominated in euro, US$500,000 if the relevant Securities are 
denominated in US dollars, or if the relevant Securities are 
denominated in a currency other than euro or US dollars, the 
equivalent of €500,000 at the date that the Programme was first 
publicised. 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Securities will be made without 
deduction for, or on account of, withholding taxes imposed by any 
jurisdiction, unless the Issuer shall be obliged by law to make such 
deduction or withholding. The Issuer will not be obliged to make any 
additional payments in respect of any such withholding or deduction 
imposed. See Taxation. 
Guarantor: 
None.  
Events of Default: 
None. 
Negative Pledge: 
None. 
Cross Default: 
None. 
Status of the Securities: 
The Securities will constitute direct, unconditional and senior 
obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu among themselves. 
The Securities will be Mortgage Covered Securities issued in 
accordance with the ACS Act, will be secured on cover assets that 
comprise a Pool maintained by the Issuer in accordance with the terms 
of the ACS Act, and will rank pari passu with all other obligations of 
the Issuer under Mortgage Covered Securities issued or to be issued 
by the Issuer pursuant to the ACS Act. See ACS Act.  
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
Application has been made for Securities issued under the Programme 
during the period of twelve months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus to be listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and to 
be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
The Securities may also be listed on such other or further stock 
exchange(s) and/or admitted to trading on such other/further markets 
(including regulated markets) as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to each Series. 
Unlisted Securities and those not admitted to trading on any market 
may also be issued. 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Securities are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on 
which stock exchange(s) and/or market(s). 
Ratings: 
Securities issued under the Programme may on issue be rated by 
Moody’s and/or S&P and/or such other rating agency or agencies as 
may be appointed by the Issuer to rate Securities, such rating(s) to be 
disclosed in the applicable Final Terms for the relevant Securities. The 
rating of Securities will not necessarily be the same as the rating 
applicable to the Issuer and/or AIB Bank and/or AIB Group plc. A 
credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by

--- Page 14 ---
14 
the assigning rating organisation. The rating methodology employed 
by a rating agency when rating Securities is subject to change at any 
time at the discretion of that rating agency and may affect ratings 
attributed to Securities issued under the Programme. 
Governing Law/Jurisdiction: 
The Securities will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
Irish law and subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of Ireland. 
Terms and Conditions/Final Terms: 
The applicable terms of any Securities will be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer prior to the issue of those Securities and 
will be set out in the Conditions (see Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities) endorsed on or attached to, or incorporated by reference in, 
the Securities as completed by the applicable Final Terms attached to, 
or endorsed on, such Securities, as more fully described under Final 
Terms for Securities below.  
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Securities in 
the US, the UK, to retail investors or to the public in the EEA, Japan, 
Italy, Ireland, Singapore and Switzerland and such other restrictions as 
may be required in connection with the offering and sale of a particular 
Tranche of Securities, see Subscription and Sale, Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions and Secondary Market Arrangements. 
US Selling Restrictions: 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the 
Securities Act and may not be offered or sold in the US or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, US persons unless an exemption from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act is available or in a 
transaction not subject to the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. Accordingly, the Securities are being offered and sold 
only outside the US in reliance upon Regulation S. There are also 
restrictions under US tax laws on the offer or sale of Bearer Securities 
to US persons; Bearer Securities may not be sold to US persons except 
in accordance with US treasury regulations as set forth in the 
applicable Final Terms – see Subscription and Sale, Transfer and 
Selling Restrictions and Secondary Market Arrangements. 
Use of Proceeds: 
Proceeds from the issue of Securities will be used to support the 
business of the Issuer permitted by the ACS Act. 
The Issuer may issue Securities as Green Securities or Social 
Securities (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) and in the case 
of such Securities, an amount equal to the net proceeds from the issue 
of any Tranche of Securities will be allocated to an Eligible Green 
Mortgage Portfolio (as defined in Green Bond Framework Overview) 
or an Eligible Social Mortgage Portfolio (as defined in Social Bond 
Framework Overview) as applicable.  Please see Use of Proceeds, 
Green Bond Framework Overview and Social Bond Framework 
Overview for further information. 
ACS Act: 
The ACS Act provides for a statutory framework for the issuance of 
covered bonds known as asset covered securities. Asset covered 
securities can only be issued by Irish credit institutions that are (i) 
registered under the ACS Act, (ii) have obtained permission from the 
Central Bank for a Covered Bond Programme and (iii) restrict their 
principal activities to public sector or property financing. Those credit 
institutions, such as the Issuer, that are registered under the ACS Act 
and restrict their principal activities for the main part to residential 
property sector financing, are called “designated mortgage credit

--- Page 15 ---
15 
institutions” and issue asset covered securities known as “mortgage 
covered securities”.  
The ACS Act was amended with effect from 8 July 2022 by the Irish 
Covered Bonds Directive Implementing Regulations, which 
amendments were intended to ensure transposition of the Covered 
Bonds Directive into Irish law from that date.  Certain of the 
amendments to the ACS Act effected by the Irish Covered Bonds 
Directive Implementing Regulations and which came into operation 
on 8 July 2022 do not apply in respect of Mortgage Covered Securities 
which have been issued before that date and which meet the criteria 
for bonds under Regulation 70(3)(a) of the European Communities 
(Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities) 
Regulations 2011 as it applied on the date of the issue of the relevant 
Mortgage Covered Securities. Such Mortgage Covered Securities are 
referred to in this Base Prospectus as being “Grandfathered” with 
respect to the relevant amendments to the ACS Act.  It is expected that 
Securities issued under the Programme before 8 July 2022 will be 
Grandfathered. 
The ACS Act provides, among other things, for the registration of 
eligible credit institutions as Institutions, the maintenance by 
Institutions of a defined pool, known as a cover assets pool, of 
prescribed mortgage credit assets (including, with respect only to 
Grandfathered ACS, mortgage credit assets in securitised form) and 
limited classes of other assets (known as cover assets), and the 
issuance by Institutions of certain asset covered securities secured by 
a statutory preference under the ACS Act on the Cover Assets 
comprised in the Pool.  
The ACS Act also makes provision for the inclusion in the Pool as 
Cover Assets of certain hedging contracts which are called cover assets 
hedge contracts and makes provision for Pool Hedge Collateral and 
the maintenance by Institutions of a register in respect of Pool Hedge 
Collateral. The ACS Act also varies the general provisions of Irish 
insolvency law which would otherwise apply with respect to an 
Institution, Cover Assets, cover assets hedge contracts, Pool Hedge 
Collateral and Mortgage Covered Securities on the insolvency of the 
Institution and replaces them with a special insolvency regime 
applicable to Institutions. 
The ACS Act further provides for the supervision and regulation of 
Institutions by the Central Bank, for the role of a Monitor in respect of 
each Institution and the Pool maintained by it, for restrictions on the 
types and status of Cover Assets which may be included in the Pool 
(including the LTV restrictions and duration restrictions), for 
asset/liability management between the Pool and Mortgage Covered 
Securities, for overcollateralisation of the Pool with respect to 
Mortgage Covered Securities, for transfers between an Institution and 
other credit institutions (including another Institution) of assets and/or 
business, and, in certain circumstances, for the role with respect to an 
Institution, and its Pool and Mortgage Covered Securities of the 
NTMA or a manager appointed by the Central Bank.  
See Cover Assets Pool, The Cover-Assets Monitor, Insolvency of 
Institutions, Supervision and Regulation of Institutions/Managers, 
Transfers of a Business or Assets under the ACS Act involving an 
Institution and Registration of Institutions/Revocation of Registration.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
The Securities will qualify as Mortgage Covered Securities for the 
purposes of the ACS Act. See Status of the Securities. In the event of 
an insolvency of an Institution, the holders of Mortgage Covered 
Securities issued by an Institution together with limited categories of 
other preferred and (with respect only to Grandfathered ACS) super-
preferred creditors have recourse under the ACS Act to Cover Assets 
included in the Pool in priority to other creditors (whether secured or 
unsecured) of the Institution who are not preferred under the ACS Act. 
See Insolvency of Institutions – Effect under the ACS Act of insolvency, 
potential insolvency or insolvency process with respect to an 
Institution for further information. 
Representation of holders of 
Securities: 
There is no provision for representation of holders of Securities.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Securities. All 
of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and which may impact on the Issuer’s and/or, as 
applicable, the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
the Securities issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in the 
Securities, but the Issuer may be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any 
Securities for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of 
holding any Securities are exhaustive. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents deemed to be incorporated in it by reference) and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
The Issuer’s activities are outsourced to the Group under the Outsourcing Agreement.  The Group, as service 
agent for the Issuer, originates residential mortgage loans through its retail branch network and other distribution 
channels in Ireland, services the residential mortgage loans, and provides treasury services in connection with 
financing as well as a range of other support services.   
The Issuer is reliant upon the Group to perform these services to a satisfactory level in line with the Outsourcing 
Agreement. Any failure in the capacity of the Group to continue to provide these services to the required level of 
performance, may negatively impact the Issuer.  In this context, the risk factors below address risks specific to the 
Issuer, however they also include risks which impact the Group.  The latter could indirectly impact the Issuer to 
the extent that they may impact the ability of the Group to effectively provide services to the Issuer to the required 
level of performance under the Outsourcing Agreement. 
Each risk factor below has been allocated to one of five risk categories; Macroeconomic and Geopolitical 
Risks; Business Risks; Governance, Operations & Internal Controls; Regulatory and Legal Risk; and Risks 
Relating to the Securities, with the most material risk factors appearing first in each of the categories. 
 
Macro-economic and Geopolitical Risks  
1 
The Issuer’s and the Group’s business may be adversely affected by any deterioration in Irish, UK or 
global economic conditions  
 
The Issuer’s business activities are entirely based in the Irish market and the Group’s business activities are almost 
entirely based in the Irish and UK markets. A deterioration in the performance of the Irish, UK, EU or other 
relevant economies could adversely affect the Group’s overall financial condition and performance. This could 
result in reductions in business activity, lower demand for the Group’s products and services, reduced availability 
of credit, increased funding costs, decreased asset values in areas such as property prices and an increased risk of 
loan defaults.  
In relation to residential property, the Central Bank reviewed its mortgage measures framework and decided that 
“targeted changes were appropriate” which entail, inter alia, restricting the maximum loan amount for first time 
borrowers to 4 times gross annual income (3.5 times gross income for second/subsequent buyers) and raising the 
loan to value ratio for second time and subsequent buyers from 80 percent to 90 percent. The ECB further reduced 
its official interest rates from 18 September 2024 in addition to the cuts implemented from 12 June 2024 (this 
follows a period of successive increases). The ECB, however, is likely to remain cautious about the pace of further 
policy easing given the uncertainty regarding the inflation outlook. Their goal is to set interest rates at a level that 
will help achieve a 2 percent inflation target in the medium term. As a result, Irish mortgaged households in 
aggregate will continue to experience relatively higher mortgage repayment burdens compared to recent years due 
to a combination of higher market interest rates and changes in the loan to income rules. These developments 
could result in higher rates of mortgage arrears by some of the Group’s customers. 
Ireland is a small open economy which could be adversely affected by a deterioration in global economic 
conditions.  Renewed inflationary pressures, e.g. as a result of supply chain disruptions or a further energy price 
shock, combined with a slowdown in economic growth in the UK or other key global markets, could act as a 
strong headwind to domestic economic activity. Moreover, current negotiations in relation to reforming

--- Page 18 ---
18 
international corporate taxation policy, such as the OECD Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) initiative (that 
were adopted by the Irish and British parliaments in 2023) and potential future US government corporate tax 
measures, could result in the loss of foreign direct investment in Ireland.  This could result in reduced economic 
activity, including lower employment, decreased tax revenue, slower growth in new lending, and declining 
portfolio quality for Irish banks including the Group (see Risk Factor 3 “The Issuer and the Group may be 
adversely affected by the budgetary and taxation policies of the Irish, UK and other governments through changes 
in taxation law and policy”).  No assurance can be given that the Irish economy or the Group’s business, financial 
condition, operating results and prospects would remain immune to any such external adverse developments. 
Since Brexit, there has been a significant fall-off in trade between the EU and UK, which has had a negative effect 
on the British economy. In the medium- to long-term, the negative impact on trade flows, migration and 
productivity are likely to have implications on output in both of the Group’s core markets of Ireland and the UK. 
The Office for Budget Responsibility projects a 4 percent reduction in the UK’s gross domestic product (“GDP”) 
over a 10-year period due to the UK’s withdrawal from the EU. This decrease in economic growth is partially 
attributed to trade frictions and supply chain disruptions, as well as persistent inflationary pressures. The Windsor 
Framework, which came into effect on 1 October 2023, replaces the Northern Ireland Protocol with the wider goal 
of reducing UK-EU trade friction and reducing policy uncertainty. However, there can be no assurance that it will 
be effective in doing so, and if it does not, the Group’s operations could be adversely affected.  The change of 
government following the UK general election on 4 July 2024 will bring a reset of EU-UK relations, and is likely 
to foster enhanced co-operation particularly on economic matters and will help mitigate this risk. 
A deterioration in the economic and market conditions in which the Group operates could negatively impact the 
Group's income, lead to higher expected credit losses and put additional pressure on the Group to more 
aggressively manage its cost base. This could have negative consequences for the Group to the extent that strategic 
investments are de-scoped or de-prioritised and could increase operational risk. Market conditions are also 
impacted by the competitive environment in which the Group operates.  
2 
Geopolitical developments, particularly in Europe, the United States and the Middle East, could have 
repercussions that could have a negative impact on global economic growth, disrupt markets and 
adversely affect the Issuer and the Group  
 
Geopolitical developments, such as risks of an escalation in the Israel/Hamas conflict to the wider Middle East 
and the war in Ukraine, could give rise to significant market volatility and have an adverse impact on global 
economic activity. These risks could be further heightened by the significant number of national elections taking 
place globally in 2024.  In particular, the potential for significant swings in US economic policy with negative 
spillovers to the rest of the world, has raised the uncertainty around the global economic outlook. In addition, a 
rise in sovereign borrowing from pandemic-related fiscal measures and policies to alleviate the cost of living 
‘squeeze’ have compounded public debt burdens in many economies (see Risk Factor 1 “The Issuer’s and the 
Group’s business may be adversely affected by any deterioration in Irish, UK or global economic conditions”) 
Moreover, the unwinding of an extended period of loose financial conditions and rising asset prices (including 
residential real estate), with record levels of high yield corporate bond issuance and leveraged loans, could 
exacerbate the risk of a prolonged slowdown. 
An escalation of the conflict in the Middle East could drive up global energy prices, given that the region accounts 
for 30 percent of global oil production. Supply chain issues arising from attacks in the Red Sea, that have disrupted 
shipping through the Suez Canal, and from the war in Ukraine, may once again generate sharp increases in prices 
across a broad range of commodities. This, combined with concerns over the potential erosion of fiscal discipline 
in some countries, may act as triggers for a reassessment of corporate and sovereign risk by market participants 
leading to further sharp re-pricing of financial assets and a rise in risk premia. A more protracted and severe 
economic downturn than expected, if coupled with higher sovereign borrowing costs, may result in unsustainable 
public finances in some countries, including Member States of the Eurozone. 
Increases in official interest rates in key markets over the course of 2022 and 2023 have created further challenges 
for some of the Group’s customers. There is a risk that a combination of excessive tightening and adverse 
economic consequences of conflicts in the Middle East or Ukraine could precipitate a recession in parts of the 
global economy. There is also a risk of a contagion effect spilling over into the wider banking sector leading to a 
marked tightening of financial conditions. 
The Group closely monitors the situation in the Middle East and Ukraine, given the potential impacts they may 
have on the Group’s business, although the Group has negligible direct credit exposure to the affected geographic

--- Page 19 ---
19 
areas. Risk assessments of the impacts on the Group has identified the key risks as being the implementation of 
complex sanctions regimes in the Group’s operations, the potential for an increase in cyberattacks and financial 
and market risks arising from volatility in asset values, interest rates or foreign exchange markets. 
In addition, the growing popularity of anti-EU and anti-establishment political parties as well as a rise in separatist 
and protectionist sentiment across the EU may also give rise to further political instability and uncertainty.  
Furthermore, trade tensions remain high, particularly between the US and China. There is a risk that these 
developments could prompt a further deglobalisation. A greater focus on more secure local supply chains (re-
shoring and or “friend-shoring”) could give rise to geo-economic fragmentation emerging as a risk in the medium-
term. As Ireland is a highly open economy, with exports and imports comprising a very large proportion of GDP, 
economic activity could be adversely affected, with knock-on effects on the Group’s financial performance and 
profitability.  
These geopolitical developments may adversely affect global economic growth, heighten trading tensions and 
disrupt markets, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s and the Group’s business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. To the extent there is a knock-on economic impact on 
conditions in the Irish market, in particular that impacts the residential mortgage market or residential property 
prices, there is likely to be a direct negative impact on the Issuer’s business and operations. 
3 
The Issuer and the Group may be adversely affected by the budgetary and taxation policies of the Irish, 
UK and other governments through changes in taxation law and policy  
 
Changes in taxation policy and other tax measures adopted by the Irish or UK Governments, or by international 
organisations such as the EU, may have an adverse impact on the Group, on economic activity generally, or on 
borrowers’ ability to repay their loans which may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s and/or on the 
Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. For example, the financial performance 
of the Issuer and/or the Group may be adversely affected by taxation measures introduced by the Irish 
Government, such as a change in the current Irish corporation tax rate of 12.5 percent. The Irish Finance (No. 2) 
Act 2023 introduced an increase in the bank levy for 2024. As a result, the levy payable by the Group is expected 
to increase from €37 million in 2023 to approximately €100 million in 2024. The Minister for Finance said in the 
Budget Speech that the bank levy would be reviewed again in 2024, which could lead to a further increase.  
In December 2021, the OECD published model rules for a global minimum effective corporation tax rate of 15 
percent (“Pillar Two”), and in December 2022 the EU Commission adopted a directive setting out how Pillar 
Two should be applied within the EU (the “Minimum Tax Directive”). Finance (No.2) Act 2023 of Ireland 
implemented the Minimum Tax Directive in Ireland. The rules aim to ensure that large groups (with a turnover of 
€750 million or more in at least two of the last four years) incur a minimum effective corporation tax rate of 15 
percent on a jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction basis. The implementation of the 15 percent minimum effective tax rate 
applies to periods commencing on or after 31 December 2023. The Group’s assessment indicates that it will not 
have a material additional tax expense under Pillar Two in the near term. Pillar Two may lead to an increase in 
the Group’s effective tax rate in later years.  
International initiatives in recent years could have impacts on economic activity generally. For example, Pillar 
Two and the various international initiatives in relation to the taxation of the digital economy could have a 
significant impact on a number of companies with a large presence in Ireland. These and any other similar actions 
could result in companies relocating from Ireland or deciding to invest in other jurisdictions, which could have an 
adverse impact on the Irish economy and, as a result, on the Issuer’s and the Group’s business.  
Changes in tax legislation or the interpretation of such legislation, regulatory requirements, accounting standards 
or practices of relevant authorities could also adversely affect the basis for recognition of the value of deferred 
tax assets. In the UK, for instance, legislation was introduced in 2015 and 2016 to restrict the proportion of a 
bank’s taxable profit that can be offset by certain carried forward losses to 50 percent and to 25 percent, 
respectively. If similar legislation were to be introduced in Ireland, this could have a further adverse impact on 
the value of the Group’s deferred tax assets, which could adversely affect the Group’s business, results of 
operations, financial condition and prospects. Amendments to IAS 12 Income Taxes have been adopted, 
introducing a mandatory temporary exception to the usual requirement for accounting for deferred tax, specifically 
regarding taxes arising under Pillar Two. For so long as this temporary exception remains applicable, Pillar Two 
will have no impact on the value of the Group’s deferred tax assets. As at 30 June 2024, the Group had €2,496

--- Page 20 ---
20 
million of net deferred tax assets on its statement of financial position, substantially all of which related to unused 
tax losses. 
Risks relating to business  
4 
The Issuer and the Group are subject to the risk that criticised loans and non-performing exposures on 
their statements of financial position are more than expected in the future. The management of criticised 
loans and non-performing exposures also gives rise to risks, including the vulnerability to challenge by 
customers and/or third parties, re-default, changes in the regulatory regime, further losses, costs and 
the diversion of management attention and other resources from the Issuer’s and the Group’s business  
 
For the Issuer and the Group criticised loans and NPEs are defined as loans requiring additional management 
attention over and above that normally required for the loan type. Criticised loans are accounts of lower quality 
and include “criticised watch” and “criticised recovery”, and NPEs are accounts which have defaulted.  
As at 31 December 2023, the Issuer had total criticised loans amounted to €0.5 billion, of which €0.4 billion were 
“criticised watch” and €0.1 billion were “criticised recovery” (31 December 2022: €0.6 billion, of which €0.4 
billion were “criticised watch” and €0.2 billion were “criticised recovery”). The credit quality of the portfolio has 
improved slightly in the year. 
In addition, the Issuer had a further €0.2 billion in NPEs on its balance sheet representing 1.2 percent of total gross 
loans to customers, which have remained unchanged in the year (31 December 2022: €0.2 billion and 1.2 percent 
of total gross loans to customers). 
Further NPE reduction continues to remain a priority of the Group given the impact of holding NPEs has on the 
Group’s costs, capital requirements and balance sheet resilience. NPEs are defined by the EBA to include material 
exposures which are more than 90 days past due and/or exposures in respect of which the debtor is assessed as 
unlikely to pay its credit obligations in full without realisation of collateral, regardless of the existence of any past 
due amount or the number of days the exposure is past due.  
The Group has been proactive in managing its criticised loans and NPEs, in particular through restructuring 
activities and the Mortgage Arrears Resolution Process that was introduced in order to comply with the Central 
Bank’s Code of Conduct on Mortgage Arrears. The management of criticised loans and NPEs also gives rise to 
risks, including the protracted resolution of NPEs, increased levels of re-default, and the diversion of management 
attention and other resources from the business. Any of the foregoing risks could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations, which could lead to an underperformance 
of the provision of services by the Group to the Issuer under the Outsourcing Agreement.  
While the Group has made significant progress in reducing the level of NPEs below 3.2 percent of gross loans to 
customers at 30 June 2024, the impact of the volatility in economic conditions will continue to be closely 
monitored throughout the second half of 2024 and beyond. The current macroeconomic outlook is for   a slight 
improvement in conditions due to easing inflation and expected cuts to interest rates. This should support 
economic activity in the short term, although, challenges remain. As a result, there can be no assurance that the 
Group will continue to be successful in reducing the level of its criticised loans and NPEs.  
5 
The Issuer and the Group are subject to credit risks in respect of customers and counterparties, 
including risks arising due to concentration of exposures across their loan books, and any failure to 
manage these risks effectively could have a material adverse effect on their business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects  
 
Risks arising from changes in credit quality and the recoverability of loans and other amounts due from customers 
and counterparties are inherent in the Issuer and a wide range of the Group’s businesses. The Issuer’s credit 
exposures are predominantly loans to individuals, while the wider Group also has exposure to credit risk arising 
from loans to SMEs, corporates, financial institutions, its trading portfolio, investment securities, derivatives and 
from off-balance sheet guarantees and commitments including potential obligations due to membership of the 
Group under certain card schemes. Due to the nature of their business, the Issuer and the Group have extensive 
exposure to the Irish property market, both because of mortgage lending activities and the Group’s property and 
construction loan book. Accordingly, any development that adversely affects the Irish property market could have 
a significant impact on the Issuer and the Group.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
As at 30 June 2024, based on geographic concentration of gross loans and advances to customers, 81 percent of 
the Group’s loans and advances to customers were in the Republic of Ireland, 12 percent in the UK and 7 percent 
in other jurisdictions. Also, as at 30 June 2024, residential mortgages represented 52 percent of gross loans (i.e., 
loans comprising of all capital outstanding and interest accrued prior to the deduction of impairment charges) and 
advances to customers.  The Issuer accounts for 27 percent of the total of the Group’s loans and advances to 
customers.  As at 30 June 2024, the Issuer’s gross loans and advances to customers were 100 percent to residential 
mortgage customers in Ireland with the majority of these residential mortgages concentrated in Ireland’s main 
urban centres and the greater Dublin commuter area. 
The Issuer’s and the Group’s monitoring of their loan portfolios is dependent on the effectiveness, and efficient 
operation, of its processes including credit grading and scoring systems and there is a risk that these systems and 
processes may not be effective in evaluating credit quality. If the Issuer and the Group are unable to manage credit 
risk effectively, their business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects could be materially 
adversely affected.  
The Group disclosed a €63 million net credit impairment charge in the half-year to 30 June 2024, of which a €7 
million net credit impairment writeback related to the Issuer. The €63 million net credit impairment charge 
comprised a net remeasurement of ECL allowance charge of €77 million and recoveries of amounts previously 
written-off of €14 million. 
The key drivers of the net remeasurement of ECL allowance charge of €77 million consist of the following 
components and activity: 
• 
an ECL charge of €160 million occurred due to underlying credit management activity and a slight 
deterioration in credit parameters which reflects the manifestation of risks for which post model 
adjustments were in place. 
• 
The impact of model and overlay changes resulted in a writeback of €48 million. The reduction primarily 
reflects the partial unwind of certain post model adjustments as risks are captured in the modelled 
outcome. 
• 
Within the IFRS 9 models, €35 million ECL writeback has been observed due to macroeconomic factors. 
This writeback reflects a reduction in the severe scenario weighting (10% to 5%) as the macroeconomic 
scenarios have been updated to reflect a slight improvement in the economic backdrop due to easing 
inflation and expected cuts to interest rates to support economic activity in the short term. 
Asset quality remains a priority as the Group continues to carefully manage the loan portfolio, particularly those 
sectors impacted by inflationary pressures and higher interest rates. The Group continues to believe that the ECLs 
reflect a comprehensive approach in assessing the credit environment, ensuring the level of ECL stock remains 
conservatively appropriate. 
6 
Loan-to-value (“LTV”)/Loan-to-income (“LTI”) related regulatory restrictions on residential mortgage 
lending may restrict the Issuer’s and the Group’s mortgage lending activities and balance sheet growth 
generally  
 
In 2015, the Central Bank imposed residential mortgage restrictions on Irish residential mortgage lending, under 
the LTV/LTI Regulations, which include LTV rules which set a minimum deposit requirement for the purchase 
of property, and LTI rules which set a maximum residential mortgage value which could be borrowed, measured 
against the borrower’s gross salary. Specific LTV and LTI limits were introduced for purchasers of their PDH 
including separate rules for FTBs, as well as those purchasing BTL properties. These macro-prudential measures 
are subject to annual review by the Central Bank. The Issuer and the Group were compliant across all LTV and 
LTI regulatory limits in 2023. Following the Central Bank’s release of the Mortgage Measures Framework 
Review, some significant changes came into effect on 1 January 2023, including an increase in borrowing limits 
to four times LTI for first time buyers and to 90 percent LTV for second time and subsequent buyers. Uptake was 
initially slow with first time buyers, but following a 5 percent decrease in the net disposable income limit (effective 
May 2023), there has been a gradual increase in interest. Uptake has been strong with second time buyers across 
the Group from the outset. 
The Issuer’s and the Group’s risk appetite has continued to evolve particularly as a result of the increasing 
inflationary environment and rising interest rates. This has resulted in tightened credit management relating to net

--- Page 22 ---
22 
disposable income parameters within Credit Policy. The Group will ensure regulatory compliance with Central 
Bank macro-prudential limits, by prioritising consistent and fair customer outcomes over maximising the usage 
of these limits.  
The Issuer is reliant upon the Group to ensure compliance with these regulations. The Group needs to ensure that 
it dedicates sufficient resources, and has the necessary procedures and controls in place, to ensure that the 
exception levels permitted under the regulations are monitored and not breached. These restrictions may adversely 
affect the level of new residential mortgage lending the Issuer and the Group can undertake and the costs of 
administering its residential mortgage lending, and hence may have a material adverse effect on its business, 
results of operations, financial condition and prospects.   
7 
Capital implications to ensure minimum coverage levels on long term NPEs due to ECB guidance may 
continue to negatively impact the Issuer’s and the Group’s financial condition  
 
The ECB published guidance to banks on NPEs in March 2017. The ECB’s objective in issuing the guidance was 
to drive strategic and operational focus on the reduction of NPEs, together with further harmonisation and common 
definitions of NPEs and forbearance measures. The ECB published the “Addendum to the ECB Guidance to banks 
on non-performing exposures: supervisory expectations for prudential provisioning of non-performing exposures” 
in March 2018, which proposed the phasing in of stricter provisioning or capital guidance in any future Group 
SREP if the Group does not continue to execute its NPEs deleveraging strategy. On 4 April 2019, the European 
Council adopted a “prudential backstop” for NPEs complementing the existing prudential rules (which was 
subsequently revised in August 2019). The purpose of this requirement is to ensure sufficient coverage for NPEs 
which could require the Issuer or the Group to have higher provision coverage for NPEs in the future or make a 
deduction from own funds and given the quantum of NPEs currently on the Issuer’s and the Group’s balance 
sheets this could have a material impact on the financial condition or results of operations. As a result of the SREP 
guidance, the Group incurred a €71 million CET1 deduction at 30 June 2024 (31 December 2023: €77 million) 
which reflects the difference between the SREP recommended minimum coverage levels on long term NPE 
exposures and the International Financial Reporting Standard (“IFRS”) 9 ECL NPE cover. Continued delivery of 
the Group’s NPE strategy is key to minimising the impact on capital throughout the remainder of 2024. 
8 
The Issuer and the Group are subject to credit risks arising due to the impact of climate change on the 
Issuer’s and the Group’s customers such as extreme weather events and the transition to a low carbon 
economy  
 
Climate risk refers to the potential negative impacts on the Group as a result of climate change. This includes risks 
posed by direct exposure to climate change, and indirect exposure through customers and suppliers. This also 
includes the impact that the Group and its customers and suppliers have on the climate and the impact from the 
climate on the Group and its customers and suppliers. Environmental risk refers to the potential negative impact 
of the activities or actions of the Group, its customers or suppliers, directly or indirectly to the naturally occurring 
living and non-living components of the earth (i.e. the biophysical environment) together with the potential 
negative impact on the Group, its customers or suppliers as a result of changes to factors in the biophysical 
environment upon which they are directly or indirectly dependent. 
By increasing incidence of extreme and unseasonal weather conditions, climate risk may impact the Issuer via 
damage to collateral held as security or a reduction in the desirability of collateral held, which reduces its value. 
A transition to a low carbon economy may impact the Issuer through increased costs on household borrowers as 
a result of either retrofitting to renewable energy sources or through carbon taxes impacting energy costs which 
reduce their repayment capacity. The Group’s commercial portfolio may also be impacted by climate and 
environmental risk, which varies per sector. The extent of such risks depends upon supply chains together with 
transition risk as we move to a low carbon economy (related to carbon intensity of businesses and their supply 
chains).  
In December 2023, the Group approved a formal Climate and Environmental Risk Framework and Policy, which 
was formally approved by the Issuer in May 2024. The framework defines how the Group identifies, assesses, 
mitigates, measures and reports on climate and environmental risk. A dedicated climate and environmental change 
risk team within the Risk Group has been established to provide oversight, embed the framework and support 
integration across the Group. Climate and Environmental risk appetite is managed in line with the Group’s risk 
appetite policy. Articulation of the Group’s climate and environment risk appetite and tolerance is expressed 
through qualitative statements about the nature and type of risk that the Group is willing to accept and quantitative 
limits and thresholds that define the range of acceptable risk. This includes a quantitative metric in relation to

--- Page 23 ---
23 
lending to energy efficient homes which directly relates to the Issuer’s business. Due to the broad nature of 
environmental risk, and its impact on other material risks, climate risk management is considered and incorporated 
within all relevant risk frameworks, policies and processes. Given the evolving nature of climate risks, an agile 
risk management approach has been adopted. The Group has committed to continued learning and development 
associated with environmental risks. 
The Issuer currently has no exposure, and the Group currently has limited exposure to what would be considered 
“carbon intensive sectors” within the exploration and extraction sectors. However, the impact of climate and 
environmental risk on the Group’s overall portfolio, including the Issuer’s, continues to be closely monitored and 
garners elevated prominence within the Group. Future impacts could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
financial condition or results of operations. 
9 
The Issuer and/or the Group may have insufficient capital to meet increased minimum regulatory 
requirements or to support their business, which could negatively impact their business, results of 
operations, financial condition or prospects  
 
The Issuer and the Group aim at all times to comply with all regulatory capital requirements and to ensure that 
they have sufficient capital to cover the current and future risk inherent in their business and to support their future 
development. Failure to maintain adequate levels of capital and meet minimum regulatory requirements may 
threaten the viability of the Issuer and/or the Group and may trigger actions by management (under management’s 
recovery plan for the purposes of the Banking Recovery and Resolution Directive (Directive 2014/59/EU as 
amended by way of Directive (EU) 2019/879 (“BRRD II”) (as so amended, the “BRRD”)) or the resolution 
authority (under relevant provisions of the BRRD) to restore the Group to viability which may impact the Issuer’s 
or the Group’s operations and/or results from financial operations. A lack of sufficient capital to conduct its 
business activities or meet its minimum capital requirements could ultimately lead to the resolution and/or 
insolvency of the Group.  
The Group is subject to minimum capital requirements as set out in the CRD IV, the CRD V, which includes 
amendments to CRD IV, and implemented under the SSM. The Group’s minimum capital requirement is currently 
set at 16.03 percent at 30 June 2024, comprising a Pillar 1 requirement of 8.00 percent, Pillar 2 requirement of  
2.6 percent (of which 1.46  percent must be held in CET1), a Capital Conservation Buffer of 2.50 percent, an O-
SII buffer of 1.50 percent and a CCyB of 1.43 percent, which is comprised of ROI CCyB of 1.03 percent, UK 
CCyB of 0.34 percent and other CCyB of 0.06 percent. 
The Issuer is subject to minimum capital requirements as set out in CRD. The Issuer’s minimum capital 
requirement is 12 percent comprising a Pillar 1 requirement of 8.0 percent  a CCB of 2.5 percent and a CCyB of 
1.5 percent.  
As a result of these and other regulatory requirements, banks in the EU have been, and could continue to be, 
required to increase the quantity and the quality of their regulatory capital. Regulators in other jurisdictions may 
in future increase CCyB or other buffer requirements on banks, such as a systemic risk buffer.  
Given this regulatory context and the levels of uncertainty in the current economic environment, there is a 
possibility that the economic output over the Group’s capital planning period may be materially worse than 
expected and/or that losses on the Group’s credit portfolio may be above forecast levels. Were such losses to be 
significantly greater than currently forecast, or capital requirements for other material risks, such as operating or 
financial risks, to increase significantly, there is a risk that the Group’s capital position could be eroded to the 
extent that it would have insufficient capital to meet all or some of its regulatory requirements and expectations 
and to support the current and future risk inherent in its business and its future development which may affect the 
Issuer.  
In addition to the minimum capital requirements as set out in CRD, the Group’s capital position may also be 
impacted by other regulatory processes, such as the redevelopment of internal ratings based (“IRB”) models and 
calendar provisioning which is a SREP recommendation to ensure minimum coverage levels on long term NPEs. 
The difference between the SREP recommended coverage levels and the IFRS 9 ECL coverage was taken as a 
CET1 deduction of €71 million as at June 2024. 
10 
Constraints on the Group’s access to liquidity and funding, including a loss of confidence by depositors 
or curtailed access to wholesale funding markets, may impair the Issuer’s ability to issue Mortgage 
Covered Securities and may result in the Group being required to seek alternative sources of funding

--- Page 24 ---
24 
and/or may result in the Issuer and/or the Group not being able to meet their obligations as they fall 
due without incurring unacceptable costs and being required to seek alternative sources of funding  
 
Financial/macro-economic/geopolitical volatility is a key risk driver as a negative macro-economic environment 
can lead to market instability and increased liquidity and funding risk. Consequently, the Group’s ability to 
monetise assets (marketable and non-marketable assets) without incurring a loss could be compromised amid the 
market volatility that would exist against such a backdrop.  
The Issuer and the Group could be negatively affected by actual or perceived deterioration in the soundness of 
other financial institutions and counterparties. This risk is sometimes referred to as “systemic risk” and may 
adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, industry payment systems, clearing houses, 
banks, securities firms and exchanges with whom the Group interacts on a daily basis. This could impact the 
Group’s ability to meet its intraday liquidity requirements as the failure of a market participant to meet its payment, 
clearing, and settlement obligations can have a material impact on connected counterparties, and ultimately lead 
to systemic disruption.  
Conditions may arise which would constrain liquidity or funding opportunities for the Group on commercially 
practicable terms over the longer term. Currently, the Group funds its lending activities primarily from customer 
accounts. Consequently, a loss of confidence by depositors in the overall banking system, the Group, the Irish 
banking industry or the Irish economy, could ultimately lead to a reduction in the availability and/or increase in 
the cost of funding or liquidity resources and may affect the Issuer. This could impact the Group’s ability to have 
the necessary resources in place to fund net outflows in the major currencies in which it operates which in turn 
would put added pressure on cross currency funding.  
The Group’s funding ratios remain above regulatory minimums (as at 30 June 2024 liquidity coverage ratio of 
204 percent and net stable funding ratio of 163 percent). In addition, the Group’s loan to deposit ratio was 63 
percent as at 30 June 2024. 
Concerns around inflation, a slowdown in economic growth, expectations around further tightening of monetary 
policy, debt sustainability and sovereign downgrades in the Eurozone could impact the Group’s deposit base 
which could impact the Issuer and could impede access to wholesale funding markets, adversely impacting the 
ability of the Issuer and the Group to issue debt securities or regulatory capital instruments to the market. 
Furthermore, execution risk in respect of the Group’s MREL issuance plan may arise in light of unexpected market 
volatility. The Group’s plans for MREL issuance continue to be reviewed to align to the regulatory requirements 
regarding the BRRD.  
In March 2024, the SRB determined the MREL for the Group on a consolidated basis at the level of its resolution 
group as 24.6 percent of total risk exposure amount (“TREA”) and 7.6 percent of Leverage Ratio Exposure 
(“LRE”), applicable as of 1 January 2024. This requirement, including the combined buffer, is 30.0 percent. As 
at 30 June 2024, the Group had an actual MREL ratio of 33.2 percent of TREA, which is in excess of its 1 January 
2024 binding target (the Group’s current MREL ratio based on LRE of 14.4 percent is also in excess of the Group’s 
1 January 2024 requirement). 
Like all major financial institutions, the Group is also dependent on the short- and long-term wholesale funding 
markets for liquidity. A stable and sustainable customer deposit base has allowed the Group to reduce its wholesale 
funding requirements over the last several years. This, in turn, has facilitated an increase in the Group’s 
unencumbered assets. The Group recognises the restrictions on the transfer of liquidity between jurisdictions and 
separately monitors asset encumbrance by jurisdiction. The Group has also identified certain management and 
mitigating actions which could be considered on the occurrence of a liquidity stress event. However, in the 
unlikely event that the Group exhausted these sources of liquidity it would be necessary to seek alternative sources 
of funding from monetary authorities.  
Financial institutions are still at an early stage of use of big data, machine learning, artificial intelligence and 
blockchain technology. There is a risk that developments in the FinTech space and Open Banking could create 
increased competition for new business and could challenge the Issuer and the Group’s ability to retain existing 
customers. This could impact the Group’s ability to maintain pace in its digital services offering to customers and 
could ultimately lead to a reduction in the availability and/or increase in the cost of funding or liquidity resources.  
Unexpected events such as the conflicts between Israel/Hamas and Russia and Ukraine could lead to a material 
decline in global economic growth. This could lead to a negative impact on supply chains, commodities and a

--- Page 25 ---
25 
drop in tourism. Consequently, market confidence may falter and this could lead to a reduction in liquidity 
resources and a loss in liquidity value of marketable assets.  
The Group is required to comply with the liquidity requirements of the SSM/Central Bank and also with the 
requirements of local regulators in jurisdictions in which it operates. Additional liquidity requirements or guidance 
and other requirements, whether based on an interpretation of current rules or the application of new rules or 
guidance being proposed by EU legislators, could be imposed on the Group, including as a result of the SREP 
carried out under the SSM or stress testing by the ECB and the EBA. Such additional requirements could include 
a revision of the level of Pillar 2 add-ons as the Pillar 2 add-on requirements or guidance are a point-in-time 
assessment and therefore subject to change over time, or changes to the combined buffer requirements applicable.  
Additional liquidity requirements could lead to increased costs for the Group, limitations on the Group’s capacity 
to lend and further restructuring of the Group which could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial 
condition, results of operations and/or prospects of the Group and which may affect the Issuer.  
11 
Downgrades to the Issuer’s, Ireland’s sovereign or other Irish bank credit ratings or outlook could 
impair the Issuer’s access to private sector funding, trigger additional collateral requirements and 
weaken its financial position  
 
If sentiment towards financial institutions operating in Ireland, including the Group, were to deteriorate, or if the 
Group’s ratings and/or the ratings of the sector were to be adversely affected, this may have a materially adverse 
impact on the Group. In addition, any such change in sentiment or further reduction in ratings could result in an 
increase in the costs of, and a reduction in the availability of, wholesale market funding across the financial sector 
which could have a material adverse effect on the liquidity and funding of all Irish financial services institutions, 
including the Group.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, AIB Bank’s long-term senior unsecured debt is rated A (stable outlook) by 
S&P (from June 2023), A1 (positive outlook) by Moody’s (from December 2023). 
S&P is registered in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. Moody’s is not established in the EU but the credit 
ratings assigned by Moody’s are endorsed by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH, which is established in the EU and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation.  
Any declines in those aspects of the Issuer’s or the Group’s business identified by the rating agencies as significant 
could adversely affect the rating agencies’ perception of the Issuer’s or the Group’s credit and cause them to take 
negative ratings actions. Any downgrade in the Issuer’s or the Group’s credit ratings could:  
• 
adversely impact the volume and pricing of its wholesale funding and its financial position; 
• 
trigger material collateral requirements or associated obligations in other secured funding arrangements 
or derivative contracts; 
• 
make ineligible or lower the liquidity value of pledged securities and weaken the Group’s competitive 
position in certain markets; 
• 
restrict its access to the debt capital and funding markets; and 
• 
restrict the range of counterparties willing to enter into transactions with it.  
 
Furthermore, as a consequence of the Issuer’s and the Group’s operations being focused on the Irish market, any 
downgrade of Ireland’s sovereign credit rating or the perception that such a downgrade may occur, would be likely 
to depress consumer confidence, impair the Issuer’s and the Group’s access to private sector funding, increase its 
cost of funding and weaken the Issuer’s and the Group’s financial position. In addition, instability within global 
financial markets might lead to instability in Ireland, which could have a materially adverse impact on the Issuer’s 
and the Group’s performance.  
12 
The Issuer and the Group face risks associated with the level of, and changes in, interest rates, as well 
as certain other market risks  
 
The Issuer is exposed to interest rate risk arising from residential mortgage lending activities and the issuance of 
Mortgage Covered Securities, and this risk is managed using interest rate swaps transacted with AIB Bank 
allowing the transfer of the interest rate sensitivity out of the Issuer to AIB Bank. This interest rate risk transfer is 
performed in accordance with the ACS Act.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
There is some immaterial residual interest rate risk in the Issuer. This residual interest rate risk is managed by 
Treasury and subject to oversight by AIB Group ALCo. Treasury proactively manages the market risk on AIB 
Bank’s balance sheet, which is managed against a range of limits approved at AIB Group ALCo, incorporating 
forward-looking measures such as VaR limits and stress test limits and financial measures such as embedded 
value limits. 
The Issuer is not permitted to engage in proprietary trading and it is not directly exposed to any other market risks, 
i.e. foreign exchange rates or equity prices. 
According to the ACS Act, the net present value changes on the Issuer balance sheet arising from (i) 100 bps 
upward shift, (ii) 100 bps downward shift and (iii) 100 bps twist, in the yield curve, must not exceed 10 percent 
of the Issuer’s total own funds at any time. This test is applied to the residual open risk left on the Issuer’s balance 
sheet. 
At December 2023, this limit was €161.0 million (the Issuer’s total own funds was €1.614 billion,  so the limit is 
10 percent of €1.61 billion which is €161 million). The 100 bps downward rate shift and the CB Twist Flattening 
(Up) scenarios produced the largest interest rate sensitivity of €10.86 million (minus 0.67 percent of own funds), 
which is in compliance with the ACS Act. 
The following market risks arise in the normal course of the Group's banking business: interest rate risk, credit 
spread risk (including sovereign credit spread risk), foreign exchange rate risk, equity risk and inflation risk. 
Unexpected events such as geopolitical tensions or conflict could significantly increase market volatility which 
may impact and increase the likelihood and effect of any or all of these risks. Such events typically result in a 
withdrawal of market liquidity and an increase in risk aversion which may result in sharp falls in the prices of 
assets such as equity and fixed income securities and may lead to capital losses on the Group’s trading book and 
through its fair-valued investment securities in its banking book. The Group's earnings are exposed to interest rate 
risk including basis risk, i.e. an imperfect correlation in the adjustment of the rates earned and paid on different 
products with otherwise similar repricing characteristics. Elevated inflation and interest rates can affect the 
affordability of the Group’s products to customers in this way could lead to an increase in default or re-default 
rates among customers with variable rate obligations without sufficient improvements in customers’ earning 
levels. Widening credit spreads could adversely impact the value of the Group’s hold-to-collect-and-sell bond 
positions.  
Trading book risks predominantly result from supporting client businesses with small residual discretionary 
positions remaining. Credit valuation adjustment and funding valuation adjustments to derivative valuations 
arising from customer activity have potentially the largest trading book derived impact on earnings.  
Changes in foreign exchange rates, particularly the euro-sterling rate, affect the value of assets and liabilities 
denominated in foreign currency and the reported earnings of the Group’s non-Irish subsidiaries. Any failure to 
manage market risks to which the Group is exposed could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial 
conditions and prospects.  
13 
The Issuer’s and the Group’s strategies may not be optimal and/or successfully implemented which may 
negatively affect the Issuer’s and the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition or 
prospects  
 
The Irish mortgage market is of strategic importance to the Group. The Issuer’s strategy is formed in the context 
of the overall Group strategy and the board of directors of the Issuer is responsible for defining its strategy in the 
context of the wider Group and overseeing the implementation of the agreed strategy in line with best governance 
practice. The Group and/or the Issuer may not identify, or may not take appropriate action in response to, changes 
in the Irish mortgage market. For example, the Issuer operates in a highly competitive market with two significant 
competitors recently exiting the market for a variety of reasons. These exits could have longer term structural 
implications for the functioning of the mortgage market in Ireland. A failure of the Issuer or the Group to optimise 
its strategy or failure to successfully implement its strategy, may lead to a loss of competitiveness which may 
ultimately lead to financial underperformance, and the diverting of management attention and resources. 
The strategic direction of the Group can be summarised as concentrating on three core initiatives (Customer First, 
Greening the Loan Book and Operational Efficiency) and is focused on upgrading the Group’s digital offerings 
and the sustainable growth of the new “Climate Capital” reporting segments. However, the Group’s strategy may 
prove to be based on flawed assumptions regarding the pace and direction of future change across the banking

--- Page 27 ---
27 
sector. In addition, the Group may not be successful in implementing its strategy in a cost-effective manner. The 
Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects could be materially adversely affected 
if any or all of these strategy-related risks were to materialise.  
The Group operates in competitive markets in Ireland, the UK and the United States of America with market share 
and associated profits depending on a combination of factors including product range, quality and pricing, 
reputation, brand performance and relative sales and distribution strength, among others.  
Medium-term competitive risks include, but are not limited to:  
• 
more intense price-based competition from incumbent providers which could reduce market share in core 
products and ultimately impact on the Issuer and Group’s financial prospects; 
• 
an increase in the use of intermediaries in the residential mortgage market which could lead to a loss of 
competitiveness and ultimately result in financial underperformance of the Issuer and the Group; 
• 
the emergence of new, lower-cost, competitors in the Irish residential mortgage market, particularly new 
entrants from the FinTech sector which could result in a loss of competitiveness and ultimately impact 
on the financial prospects of the Issuer and the Group; 
• 
sustained disintermediation of traditional banks, including the Group, from specialist and generalist 
product lines which could substantially impact financial conditions and sustainability of the Issuer and 
the Group’s business model; 
• 
the internationalisation of supply and demand for low-complexity products such as deposits which could 
lead to a loss of competitiveness and ultimately result in financial underperformance of the Issuer and 
the Group; 
• 
the successful establishment of virtual banks which could reduce the competitiveness of the Group in its 
core markets and ultimately impact on the Issuer and the Group’s financial performance;  
• 
the introduction of Directive (EU) 2015/2366 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 25 
November 2015 on payment services in the internal market, which may enable the emergence of payment 
aggregators, which could in turn significantly reduce the relevance of traditional bank platforms and 
weaken brand relationships; and 
• 
insufficient/ineffective implementation of artificial intelligence into Group operations relative to 
competitors leading to a loss of competitiveness of the Issuer and the Group. 
 
In addition, the Central Bank is focused on the promotion of higher levels of competitive intensity in the banking 
market, in common with regulators in other European jurisdictions. The entry of bank and non-bank competitors 
into the Group’s markets may put additional pressure on the Group's income streams and/or result in pressure to 
maintain market share, which may lead to reduced pricing and/or increased credit risk, which could have a 
negative impact on the asset quality of the Group’s loan portfolios.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group has returned to majority private ownership with a free-float of 
approximately 78.15 percent following directed buybacks, share placements through an accelerated book-building 
process with institutional investors and disposals as part of a pre-arranged trading plan. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the Irish State’s shareholding stands at approximately 21.85 percent, which is significantly below the 
majority threshold of 50.0 percent. The Minister for Finance has previously announced an intention to further sell 
down the Irish State’s shareholding and, as such, the Irish State’s shareholding percentage is subject to frequent 
change. Through the AIB Relationship Framework which governs the Group’s day to day engagement with the 
Irish State as a shareholder, the Irish State could exert a significant level of influence over the Group. Under the 
AIB Relationship Framework, while the authority and responsibility for strategy and commercial policies 
(including business plans and budgets) and the conduct of the Group’s day-to-day operations rests in all cases 
with the Group Board and its management team, AIB Group plc, and, where relevant, AIB Bank are required, in 
connection with certain specified aspects of the Group’s activities, to consult with the Minister. The AIB 
Relationship Framework also grants the Minister the right, at all times, to nominate up to two non-executive 
directors for appointment to the Group Board.  
The composition of the Irish Government is subject to change depending on the ability of the Irish Government 
to arrive at and maintain an agreed position on its programme, policies and actions, the outcome of elections for 
the Oireachtas (being the Irish legislature) and support by the Oireachtas for that programme and those policies 
and actions. Such changes in Irish Government policy may include changes to AIB’s Relationship Framework, 
which could result in a change in Group strategy directly or negatively affect its implementation. See also Risk 
Factor 3 “—The Group may be adversely affected by the budgetary and taxation policies of the Irish, UK and

--- Page 28 ---
28 
other governments through changes in taxation law and policy” on risks to the Group posed by changes in 
government budgetary and taxation policy. 
14 
The Issuer operates under the Group’s brand and therefore damage to the Group’s brand or reputation 
could adversely affect its relationships with customers, staff, shareholders and regulators, and 
negatively impact the Issuer’s and the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition or 
prospects  
 
Damage to the Group’s brand or reputation could adversely affect the Issuer’s and the Group’s relationships with 
customers, staff, shareholders and regulators, which may impact on its ability to attract and retain customers and 
conduct business with counterparties. The Issuer’s and the Group’s relationships with such stakeholders could be 
adversely affected by any circumstance that causes real or perceived damage to the Group’s brands or reputation. 
In particular, any regulatory investigations, inquiries, litigation, actual or perceived misconduct or poor market 
practice in relation to customer-related issues could damage the Group’s brands and/or reputation. Any damage 
to the Group’s brand and/or reputation could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s and the Group’s 
business, results of operations, financial conditions or prospects.  
Governance, Operations and Internal Controls  
15 
The Issuer may not receive the appropriate level of services from the Group under the Outsourcing 
Agreement, which could negatively impact the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial 
condition or prospects. 
 
The Group provides services to the Issuer through the Outsourcing Agreement which is tracked by a formal 
managed services agreement. Services include the origination and servicing of Irish residential loans, 
administration and accounting services, treasury services, hedging arrangements, funding, liquidity, equity and 
regulatory capital and services relating to the issuance of the Securities. A failure or underperformance of these 
services could have a negative impact on the Issuer’s ability to function and business model. Furthermore, a failure 
by the Group to provide sufficient risk management services to the Issuer under the Outsourcing Agreement may 
expose the Issuer to increased risk and/or insufficient data for the Issuer to make informed risk based decisions. 
The Issuer may also outsource activities to entities who are not members of the Group. 
The Group, in turn, is also dependent on the performance of third party service providers in the delivery of certain 
services. Any failure or detriment in the services provided by third party providers to the Group could have a 
knock-on impact on the services the Group provides to the Issuer. 
The performance of each business area within the Group that provides services to the Issuer, is evaluated on an 
ongoing basis in line with the requirements of the Group’s third party management risk process. 
16 
The Issuer and the Group may be subject to privacy or data protection failures, cybercrime and 
fraudulent activity in relation to relevant data subject (i.e. customer) personal data, which could result 
in investigations by regulators, liability to data subjects and/or reputational damage, which could 
negatively impact the Issuer’s and the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition or 
prospects  
 
The Group processes significant volumes of personal data relating to the Issuer’s relevant data subjects (i.e. 
customers) (including name, address, identification and banking details) as part of the Issuer’s business, some of 
which may also be classified under legislation as special category data. The Group therefore must comply with 
strict data protection and privacy laws and regulations, including the European Communities (Electronic 
Communications Networks and Services) (Privacy and Electronic Communications) Regulations 2011, as 
amended (the “ePrivacy Regulations”), the GDPR and the Data Protection Act 2018, as amended. The GDPR 
introduced substantial changes to data protection law, including an increased emphasis on businesses being able 
to demonstrate compliance with their data protection obligations, which required significant investment by the 
Group in its compliance strategies. In addition, relevant supervisory authorities are given the power to issue fines 
of up to 4 percent of an undertaking’s annual global group turnover or €20 million (whichever is the greater) for 
failure to comply with certain provisions of the GDPR. The Presidency of the Council of the European Union 
released revised text of the proposed new ePrivacy Regulation (Regulation concerning the Respect for Private 
Life and the Protection of Personal Data in Electronic Communications and Repealing Directive 2002/58/EC 
(Regulation on Privacy and Electronic Communications)) on 6 March 2020. A draft of the new ePrivacy

--- Page 29 ---
29 
Regulation was put to the Council of Ministers of the European Union on 10 February 2021. However, as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, negotiations as to the final content of the regulation between the EU Parliament, the 
European Commission and the European Council remain ongoing and it is unclear as to when resolution on the 
outstanding matters may occur. 
The Issuer and the Group also face the risk of a breach in security of its systems, for example, from increasingly 
sophisticated attacks by cybercrime groups. Data pertaining to the Issuer is stored in the Group’s IT systems. The 
storage, management and security of this data is operated by the Group under the Outsourcing Agreement. The 
Group’s data protection policy is part of the Regulatory Compliance Risk Management Framework and defines 
the Group’s approach to the effective management of its data protection risks. The policy aims to ensure that the 
Group complies with the spirit and the letter of all laws, codes and regulations that apply to the Group in relation 
to data protection and privacy laws. This policy applies to all staff, contractors, consultants, agents or other third 
parties which have access to personal data either directly or indirectly, in the capacity of a data controller and/or 
data processor. In addition, the Group continues to enhance security measures to help prevent cybercrime. 
Notwithstanding such efforts, the Group is exposed to the risk that relevant data subject personal data could be 
wrongfully appropriated, lost or disclosed, stolen or processed in breach of data protection and privacy laws and 
regulations including as a result of human error.  
The Group relies on remote access services through the internet, or otherwise, by relevant data subjects including 
customers, employees and third-party service providers, and these services have seen increased use as a result of 
hybrid working arrangements. Failure of any of the foregoing parties to access the Group’s systems on a systemic 
or large-scale basis could impact the Group’s ability to operate. Remote access also increases inherent exposure 
to cybercrime, systems compromises or information leaks, in spite of any information security technology, 
protocols, policies or other controls which may be in place.  
Any of the abovementioned events could result in the loss for the Group of the goodwill of its customers and deter 
new customers from availing of the services and products provided by the Group, which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operation and prospects.  
17 
The Issuer and the Group face operational risks which could negatively impact the Issuer’s and the 
Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects  
 
Operational risk is the risk arising from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems, or from 
external events. This includes legal risk but excludes strategic and reputational risk.  
Examples of the types of risks that the Issuer and the Group face in this regard include, but are not limited to:  
Change & Transformation Risk: The Group’s strategy drives change across the organisation. It is critical that 
this change, and the risks, including transformation risk, associated with it, is managed in a consistent, effective 
and appropriate manner. It is essential that not only the risks within a programme or project to implement change 
are considered, but also the risks that the change may introduce to the wider operational risk profile, both during 
and after the lifecycle of the change. A lack of a strategic, coordinated and comprehensive approach to managing 
change could lead to significant business disruption, customer detriment, financial loss and/or reputational 
damage.  
Continuity & Operational Resilience Risk: The risk of failing to identify, prepare for, respond, adapt to and 
recover and learn from operational disruptions resulting in a failure to deliver critical services during a disruption. 
This could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s ability to deliver appropriate services to 
customers, threaten the stability and viability of the Group or orderly operation of the financial system and 
financial markets. 
The Group has implemented a new model to manage operational resilience risk to align with the Prudential 
Regulation Authority’s and the Financial Conduct Authority’s Operational Resilience requirements in the UK as 
well as the Central Bank Cross Industry Guidance on Operational Resilience in Ireland.   
Physical Safety & Property Risk: The Group’s provision of products and services are dependent on staff and 
property infrastructure. The current or prospective risk of the loss or damage to the Group's property assets as well 
as the safety of staff and customers could affect the performance of these services negatively impacting its 
business, financial condition or prospects. For example, the Issuer is reliant on the Group’s branch network to

--- Page 30 ---
30 
distribute its products and a small number of key locations provide back-office services. Damage to any of these 
properties could impact the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s business or result in additional financial costs.  
The Group has made a number of changes to how staff and property infrastructure are managed, including the 
continued practice of a hybrid working model for the majority of staff and buildings being suitably configured in 
line with Government guidelines. If the hybrid working model is not managed appropriately, it could lead to 
disengagement of staff from on-going activities, ultimately resulting in a diminished service to customers.   
Products and Proposition Risk: The Group looks to develop appropriate products and propositions. The current 
or prospective risk resulting from poor risk assessment, inappropriate governance, or inadequate approach to 
products and propositions throughout their lifecycle could affect the performance of these services. The Issuer 
provides products which are covered by consumer protection legislation. A failure to meet regulatory standards 
in consumer protection and/or customer needs, could result in regulatory sanction and take a significant amount 
of resources to rectify. This could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s results and on its 
ability to deliver appropriate customer outcomes or to achieve its organisational objectives.  
Fraud Risk: The current or prospective fraud risks relate to and may result from the dishonest and false 
representation by any person, internal, external or third parties including acts or omissions with the intention to 
make gain or cause loss. This encompasses acts of theft which may be directly from the Issuer or from the Issuer’s 
customers. Theft from the Issuer’s customers could result in financial loss and compensation payments and may 
also result in regulatory sanction, should it be established that the theft was a result of the Issuer’s and/or the 
Group’s inadequate internal controls. This could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s and/or the Group's results 
and on its ability to deliver appropriate customer outcomes or to achieve organisational objectives.  
Third Party Risk: The Group outsources a number of activities to outsource service providers and has a wide 
range of third party suppliers from which it procures services. The Group relies on a number of these providers 
for the provision of critical activities in serving customers. If these providers do not perform their services or fail 
to provide services to the Group or renew their licences with the Group, the Group’s business could be disrupted 
and it could incur unforeseen costs and reputational damage. There is an active Third Party Management process 
in the Group which manages these risks and looks specifically at on-going performance of suppliers and risks 
arising from any concentrations that may arise. The Group is engaged with key suppliers to ensure on-going 
service capacity and any contingency plans are in place. Service from suppliers has remained consistent and in 
line with previous periods.  
Information Security (including Cyber) Risk: Information security (including Cyber) risk for the Group is the 
risk of unauthorised access, use, disclosure, disruption, modification, or destruction of information, whether 
malicious or unintentional in all its forms. Specifically, it encompasses the risk of:  
• 
Loss of confidentiality due to unauthorised access and disclosure of information.  
• 
Loss of integrity due to unauthorised modification or destruction of information.  
• 
Loss of availability due to disruption of access to, or use of, information or an information system.  
Technology Risk: The Group is reliant on its technical infrastructure for the provision of systems and services 
including emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence, cloud computing, open banking, privacy-
enhancing computation or hyper-personalised banking to support critical processes and operations.  
Therefore, from the Group’s perspective, Technology Risk is any reasonably identifiable circumstance in relation 
to the use of network and information systems which, if it materialised, may compromise the network, information 
systems or the provision of services, by producing adverse effects in the digital or physical environment as 
outlined within Article 3(5) of the Digital Operational Resilience Act. 
Data Risk: The Group faces risks associated with failing to appropriately manage and maintain data and also in 
the aggregation and reporting of Risk Data. This could have an adverse effect on quality or accessibility of the 
data, resulting in poor decision making and inaccurate or inadequate internal and external reporting. 
Legal Risk: The Issuer and the Group face the risk of sanctions, material financial loss or loss to reputation as a 
result of failure to comply with new or existing laws, changes to laws, as a result of a defective transaction,

--- Page 31 ---
31 
disputes or litigation by or against the Issuer and/or the Group and failure to take appropriate measures to protect 
intellectual property and its real estate assets.  
The Group maintains insurance policies to cover a number of risk events. These include financial policies 
(comprehensive crime/computer crime, professional indemnity/civil liability, employment practices liability, and 
directors’ and officers’ liability) and a suite of general insurance policies to cover such matters as property and 
business interruption, terrorism, combined liability and personal accident. There can be no assurance, however, 
that the level of insurance the Group maintains is appropriate for the risks to its business or adequate to cover all 
potential claims. 
People Risk: The Group runs the risk of being unable to recruit, retain or develop its people in alignment with 
the Group’s values and behaviours. The inability to recruit and retain appropriately skilled and experienced staff 
may harm the stability of the business in the long-term. The Group continues to enhance governance and reporting 
processes and to deliver multiple initiatives to strengthen its employee value proposition for existing staff. Failure 
to take appropriate actions could lead to a lack of the necessary resources to effectively deliver products or 
services, resulting in delays, inefficiencies, or inability to meet customer expectations. 
18 
If a poor or inappropriate culture develops across the Group’s business, this may adversely impact its 
performance and impede the achievement of its strategic goals  
 
The Group must continually develop and promote an appropriate culture that drives and influences the activities 
of its business and staff and its dealings with customers in relation to managing and taking risks and ensuring risk 
considerations continue to play a key role in business decisions. It is senior management’s responsibility to ensure 
that the appropriate culture is embedded throughout the organisation. As was demonstrated by many banks during 
the financial crisis, if an inappropriate culture develops, then a strategy or course of action could be adopted that 
results in poor customer outcomes. If the Group is unable to maintain an appropriate culture, this could have a 
negative impact on the Issuer’s and the Group’s business, result of operations, financial condition and prospects.  
19 
The Group may be unable to recruit and retain appropriately skilled and experienced management and 
staff which could have a negative impact on the Issuer’s and the Group’s business, result of operations, 
financial condition and prospects  
 
The Group may be unable to recruit and retain appropriately skilled and experienced staff to ensure the stability 
of the business in the long-term. In particular the Group is restricted in the remuneration it can offer to senior 
management which creates a risk that the Group may not be able to attract and retain the right skills and experience 
within key senior management roles. The Group’s performance and its ability to provide a quality service to the 
Issuer under the Outsourcing Agreement is heavily dependent on the talents and efforts of highly skilled 
individuals, and the continued ability of the Group to compete effectively and implement its strategy depends on 
its ability to attract new employees and retain and motivate existing employees.  
Competition from within the financial services industry, including from other financial institutions, as well as 
from businesses outside the financial services industry for key employees is intensifying. The elevated people risk 
profile, particularly with respect to the recruitment and retention of senior management, is likely to continue for 
the foreseeable future.  
Under the terms of the recapitalisation of the Group by the Irish Government, the Group is required to comply 
with certain executive pay and compensation arrangements, including a cap on salaries as well as restrictions on 
bonuses and similar incentive-based compensation applicable to employees of Irish banks who have received 
financial support from the Irish Government. As a result of these restrictions, as well as the limits on certain types 
of remuneration paid by credit institutions and investment firms set forth in CRD, and in the increasingly 
competitive markets in Ireland and the UK, the Group may not be able to attract, retain and remunerate highly 
skilled and qualified personnel, and any such failure to so attract could have a material impact on the Group’s 
financial condition or results of operations and its ability to provide a quality service to the Issuer under the 
Outsourcing Agreement. 
In November 2022, the Irish Government approved changes to remuneration for bankers following the 
recommendation from the Department of Finance Retail Banking Review that banks be allowed to pay bonuses 
of up to €20,000 to their employees as well as allowing standard benefits. However, such measures may not be 
sufficient in the current inflationary environment to recruit and retain key employees.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
20 
A deterioration in employee relations could adversely affect the Group’s business, result of operations, 
financial condition and prospects  
 
A significant proportion of the Group’s employees are members of trade unions. The Group adheres to established 
industrial relations mechanisms in each jurisdiction in which the Group operates. The Group seeks to ensure 
transparency, fairness and collaboration in all its dealings with employees. In the event that the Group becomes 
subject to industrial action or other labour conflicts, including strikes or other forms of industrial actions, this may 
lead to a reduced level of service provided by the Group to the Issuer under the Outsourcing Agreement and a 
reduced ability of the Issuer to service its customers, which may result in reputational damage impacting its 
business result of operations, financial condition and prospects.  
21 
The Group uses models across many of its activities and if these models prove to be inaccurate, or are 
used incorrectly then the Group’s management of risk may be ineffective or compromised and/or the 
value of its financial assets and liabilities may be overestimated or underestimated. This could have a 
negative impact on the Issuer’s business, result of operations, financial condition and prospects  
 
The Issuer is reliant upon the Group’s use of models across many, though not all, of its activities including, but 
not limited to, capital management, credit grading, loan loss provisioning, valuations, liquidity, pricing and stress 
testing. The Group also uses financial models to determine the value of certain financial instruments for financial 
reporting purposes and to quantify their sensitivities to market rates for risk management purposes. IFRS 9 has 
required the Group to move from an incurred loss model to an expected loss model, requiring it to recognise not 
only credit losses that have already occurred but also losses that are expected to occur in the future.  
Since the Group uses risk measurement models based on historical observations, there is a risk that it 
underestimates or overestimates exposure to various risks to the extent that future market conditions deviate from 
historical experience. Furthermore, as a result of evolving regulatory requirements, the importance of models 
across the Group’s business has been heightened and their importance may continue to increase, in particular 
because of reforms introduced by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision. If the Group fails to identify a 
model or if the Group’s models do not accurately estimate its exposure to various risks, it may experience 
unexpected losses. The Group may also incur losses, for example, as a result of decisions made based on 
inaccuracies in the build or implementation of these models, as a result of poor data quality or an incomplete 
understanding by users. Model risk levels may also rise as a result of a significantly changing environment, as 
models are built using historical data. Models are kept under regular review to ensure that they remain 
representative of the current environment. For example, a model factor selected at development may no longer be 
a key driver in the current environment.  
If the Group’s models are not effective in estimating its exposure to various risks or determining the fair value of 
its financial assets and liabilities or if its models prove to be inaccurate, its business, financial condition, results 
of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected and which may impact the Issuer.  
The Group’s IRB credit risk models are subject to ongoing regulatory reviews and inspections, which may give 
rise to additional capital requirements, replacement of IRB models with a standardised approach or reputational 
risk for the Group.  
The Group must obtain approval from the ECB in order to implement new IRB models or to change existing 
approved IRB models. New IRB models or those undergoing material changes are subject to reviews and model 
inspections from the ECB and other regulatory bodies in relation to the models prior to receiving approval. 
Regulatory and legal risks  
22 
The Issuer and the Group are required to comply with a wide range of laws and regulations. The 
constantly evolving and increasing complex legal and regulatory landscape significantly increases the 
risks associated with compliance with such laws and regulations. If the Issuer and the Group fail to 
comply with these laws and regulations, they could become subject to regulatory actions  
 
A failure by the Issuer or the Group to comply with all applicable laws, regulations, rules, standards and codes of 
conduct may result in regulatory sanctions, material financial loss or loss to reputation.  
The legal and regulatory landscape in which the Issuer and the Group operate is constantly evolving and the risks 
associated with compliance with laws and regulations is increasing. As new laws or regulatory schemes are

--- Page 33 ---
33 
introduced, the Issuer and the Group may be required to invest significant resources in order to comply with the 
new legislation or regulations. Furthermore, the laws and regulations to which the Issuer and the Group are already 
subject could change as a result of changes in interpretation or practice by courts, regulators or other authorities, 
resulting in higher compliance costs and resource commitments, and/or a failure by the Issuer and the Group to 
implement the necessary changes to its business within the time period specified.  
AIB (which is the parent company of the Group) is incorporated and has its head office in Ireland. While the 
Central Bank continues to regulate certain areas of the Group’s business, including consumer protection in Ireland, 
it is the ECB (together with support from the Central Bank) that has primary responsibility for the prudential 
supervision of the Group. The Group faces risks associated with an uncertain and rapidly evolving prudential 
regulatory environment, pursuant to which it is required, among other things, to maintain adequate capital 
resources and to satisfy specified capital ratios at all times. The Group’s borrowing costs and capital requirements 
are subject to prudential regulations, including the CRD IV and CRD V, the CRR II which includes amendments 
to the CRR and amendments which have been made to the BRRD. The recently published final text of CRR III, 
CRD VI and BRRD II, commonly known as the Basel IV, will come into effect in January 2025. The UK-EU 
Memorandum of Understanding on Financial Services Cooperation was signed in Brussels on 27 June 2023. This 
memorandum will facilitate a forum for cooperation between the EU and the UK. Specific to regulatory 
developments, the forum’s activities will include the sharing of information and consultation around planned 
regulatory and supervisory developments. This is expected to ensure the timely identification of cross-border 
implementation issues to support an on-going shared understanding of the relevant regulatory framework. AIB 
actively scans the regulatory horizon for areas of divergence between EU and UK regulation which could affect 
the Group. 
It is also possible that additional capital and liquidity requirements or guidance and other requirements, whether 
based on an interpretation of current rules or the application of new rules or guidance proposed by EU legislators, 
could be imposed on the Group. Such an instance may occur as a result of the SREP carried out under the SSM 
or stress testing by the ECB and the EBA. Additional requirements could include a revision of the level of Pillar 
2 add-ons, as the Pillar 2 add-on requirements or guidance are a point-in-time assessment and could therefore be 
subject to change over time, or changes to the combined buffer requirements applicable. See Risk Factor 10 “—
The Group may have insufficient capital to meet increased minimum regulatory requirements or to support its 
business, which could negatively impact its business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects”.  
The Issuer and the Group also face risks and challenges due to interest rate benchmark reform, replacement of 
LIBOR, reform of EURIBOR and discontinuation of EONIA. For example, conduct risk could arise for the Group 
as a result of changes to customers’ terms and conditions for banking products that reference discontinued interest 
rate benchmarks. For further detail regarding changes to benchmarks, see Risk Factor 33 “—The regulation and 
reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Securities linked to or referencing such “benchmarks”.  
The EBA Guidelines on Loan Origination and Monitoring have applied since 30 June 2021, with transitional 
implementation dates met in June 2022, and more recently June 2024. The aim of the guidelines is to ensure 
institutions have robust and prudent standards for credit risk taking, management and monitoring, and that newly 
originated loans are of high credit quality. AIB is achieving the aims of these guidelines through strong internal 
governance arrangements for granting and monitoring of credit facilities throughout their lifecycle.  
The Group is subject to the Central Bank macro-prudential measures which are subject to annual review and 
therefore could create further lending restrictions for the Issuer and the Group, increasing existing deposit 
financing thresholds for borrowers. See Risk Factor 6 “—Loan-to-value (“LTV”)/Loan-to-income (“LTI”) 
related regulatory restrictions on residential mortgage lending may restrict the Issuer’s and the Group’s 
mortgage lending activities and balance sheet growth generally”.  
Regulation (EU) 2019/630 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 17 April 2019 on the minimum 
coverage for NPEs, as well as the ECB’s guidance on expectations for the provisioning of new NPEs should 
facilitate the disposal of NPEs further down the line, if required. The Group’s regulators have stated that banks 
should be incentivised to build up their provisions as early as possible, thus preventing larger losses at a later 
stage. The Group has put in place a conservative, forward looking and comprehensive provisioning approach and 
intends to manage NPEs in accordance with its regulatory obligations.  
In addition to the above, the Group is also subject to regulatory reviews which may affect the Issuer, such as those 
on the residential mortgage and retail banking sectors. Such reviews may require the Group to modify its business 
to satisfy new or amended regulatory requirements.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
To support the effectiveness of bail-in and other resolution tools, Article 130(1) of the BRRD requires that from 
1 January 2016 Member States apply the BRRD’s provisions requiring EU credit institutions and certain 
investment firms to maintain MREL, subject to the provisions of the MREL regulatory technical standards.  
The MREL requirements are determined on a case-by case basis taking into account (i) resolvability; (ii) capital 
adequacy; (iii) sufficiency of eligible liabilities; (iv) participation in a deposit guarantee scheme; (v) business risks 
(business model, funding, risk profile); and (vi) systemic risk (interconnectedness). The SRB has provided the 
Group with its default formula for the MREL target calibration under the new BRRD II legislative framework to 
be complied with  from 1 January 2022. The Group continues to monitor changes in MREL requirements together 
with developments in the SRB’s MREL policy, which has the potential to impact the Group’s MREL target. 
The Group operates in the UK through its subsidiary, AIB UK, and through the London branch, a branch of AIB 
p.l.c. The Group must comply with the prudential regulatory requirements as set out by the PRA through the PRA 
rulebook and the FCA’s conduct of business rules in so far as they apply to its business carried out in the UK. In 
the US, the Group is subject to federal and state banking and securities law supervision and regulation as a result 
of the banking activities conducted by AIB Bank’s branch in New York. Thus, the Group is required to design 
and implement policies that ensure compliance with legislation promulgated by the FCA and the PRA in the UK 
and the relevant regulatory authorities in the US.  
Failure by the Issuer or the Group to meet regulatory expectations, including in relation to governance, behaviour 
and culture, or repeated breaches of regulation could adversely impact regulatory confidence in how the Group 
conducts its business. Failure to engage appropriately with regulators, risks damaging relations with statutory 
authorities, and could lead to increased regulatory oversight, intrusive supervision and/or restrictions in the 
Group’s authorisations curtailing its ability to operate some of its business. These outcomes could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s and Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  
Group entities are required to submit data and information to regulatory authorities on a scheduled or ad hoc basis 
which are necessary for effective regulatory oversight and supervision. There is a risk that some data required to 
complete the returns, some of which is required to be manually populated, may not be sufficiently reliable. This 
could result in inaccurate returns being provided to regulatory authorities or submissions of returns being delayed. 
If any failings in regulatory reporting existed and were to be considered as material by regulatory authorities, it 
could result in the Group being subject to sanction or fines for failure to provide accurate returns or failure to 
submit returns within required timeframes, reputational damage and the Group being required to conduct data 
rectification.  
There is also a risk that pressures from the media, consumer groups and/or politicians could influence the agenda 
of the ECB, the Central Bank, the FCA or the PRA. For instance, a wide-ranging review of competition within 
the Irish mortgage sector by the CCPC took place in 2017 as part of the programme for the Irish Government (a 
similar review having been completed on the UK banking sector in 2016), and in June 2017, the CCPC published 
its report on “options for the Irish mortgage market”. The report, which followed an extensive public consultation 
process outlined a range of options and areas for further study to assist the Irish Government develop a better-
functioning, competitive and stable mortgage market. The issues of “mortgage switching behaviour” and 
“consumer attitudes to switching” were some of the areas identified in the report as requiring further regulatory 
focus. In this regard, in August 2017, the Central Bank published a consultation paper entitled “Enhanced 
Mortgage Measures: Transparency and Switching” proposing to amend the CPC by introducing enhanced 
transparency measures for fixed rate interest rate mortgage holders. In June 2018, the Central Bank, having 
considered the responses received from the published consultation paper announced that it proposed to introduce 
new and amend certain existing provisions of the CPC to give effect to these enhanced protections by publishing 
an addendum to the CPC which became effective from 1 January 2019. The Central Bank launched a consultation 
paper on 7 March 2024 outlining plans to update the CPC to better protect consumers. The key proposals and 
themes from the CPC update are Securing Customers Interests, Digitilisation, Informing Effectively, Mortgage 
Credit and Switching, Unregulated Activities, Frauds & Scams, Vulnerable Customers and Climate Risk. The 
feedback period of the consultation is now closed with the updated code expected to be published in early 2025 
with a 12 month implementation period following publication.  
In July 2018, the Central Bank published the outputs of its review of behaviour and culture in the five main retail 
banks in Ireland, including the Group. The report recommends the introduction of legislation to support an 
individual accountability framework (the “IAF”), which would set conduct standards for staff and ensure clearer 
lines of accountability within firms. The IAF had an effective implementation date of 1 January 2024, and it has 
been successfully implemented. In addition, the introduction of a Senior Executive Accountability Regime

--- Page 35 ---
35 
(“SEAR”) places obligation on firms and senior individuals within them to set out clearly where responsibility 
and decision-making lie. The SEAR regime has applied for the majority of senior individuals from 1 July 2024 
and will apply for (independent) non-executive directors at in-scope firms from 1 July 2025. 
Adverse regulatory action or adverse judgments in litigation could result in a monetary fine or penalty, adverse 
monetary judgment or settlement and/or restrictions or limitations on the Group’s operations or result in a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s reputation. The Group may settle litigation or regulatory proceedings prior to a final 
judgment or determination of liability to avoid the cost, management efforts, negative business, regulatory or 
reputational consequences of continuing to contest liability, even when the Group believes that it has no liability 
or when the potential consequences of failing to prevail would be disproportionate to the costs of settlement. 
Furthermore, the Group may, for similar reasons, reimburse counterparties for their losses even in situations where 
the Group does not believe that it is legally compelled to do so.  
Additionally, the Group may be subject to future regulatory requirements related to sustainable finance. 
“Sustainable finance” generally refers to the process of taking due account of environmental and social 
considerations when making investment decisions, leading to increased investment in longer-term and sustainable 
activities. The threat and consequences of climate change has necessitated a strong focus on legislative change 
promoting sustainability at EU level.  
These legislative proposals and requirements include:  
- 
introducing a ‘green supporting factor’ in the EU prudential rules for banks; 
- 
amendments to MiFID II and the Insurance Distribution Directive to include sustainability considerations 
into the advice offered to individual clients; 
- 
the EBA Guidelines on Loan Origination and Monitoring which require institutions that originate or plan 
to originate green credit facilities to develop specific green lending policies and procedures covering 
granting and monitoring of such credit facilities, which have applied since 30 June 2021; 
- 
EU Regulation on Sustainability-Related Disclosures in the Financial Services Sector (“SFDR”) which 
has applied since 10 March 2021 and Irish SI No. 146/2021 enacted on 29 March 2021 which gave effect 
to certain provisions under the SFDR; and 
- 
taxonomy/ EU labels for green financial products establishing a classification system and a list of 
environmentally sustainable economic activities.  
 
There is a risk that the Issuer and the Group, which will be impacted by each of the above proposals, will not 
engage the requisite expertise to direct the implementation of these changes or that the required expertise will not 
be readily available. Failure to implement this comprehensive package of measures successfully and within the 
required timeframes could result in regulatory sanction, reputational damage and competitive disadvantage as a 
result of not having available suitable products being sought by customers. The Issuer and the Group would also 
risk mis-selling by their possible failure to provide suitable products to match a consumer’s environmental 
preferences.   
 
23 
The Issuer and the Group are subject to conduct risk, including changes in laws, regulations and 
practices of relevant authorities and the risk that their practices are challenged under current 
regulations or standards, and if they are deemed to have breached any of these laws or regulations, they 
could suffer reputational damage or become subject to challenges by customers or competitors, or 
sanctions, fines or other actions  
 
The Issuer and the Group are exposed to conduct risk, which the Group defines as the risk that inappropriate 
actions or inactions by AIB cause poor and unfair customer outcomes or negatively impact on market integrity. 
Certain aspects of the Group’s business may be determined by regulators in various jurisdictions or by courts not 
to have been conducted in accordance with applicable local or, potentially, overseas laws and regulations, or in a 
fair and reasonable manner as determined by the local ombudsman. Regulators want senior leaders to drive 
effective cultures that focus on the organisation values and conduct that puts the customer first; they expect to see 
conduct promoted in remuneration policies and disciplinary processes.  
The Group is cognisant of its responsibilities regarding wholesale market conduct risk which has been subject to 
increased regulatory scrutiny in recent years. Domestic and European regulators have provided guidance as to 
how regulated entities should manage wholesale market conduct risk, particularly in relation to dealing with the 
impact of external events, managing the increasing complexity in securities markets and the rules that govern

--- Page 36 ---
36 
them and ensuring meaningful transparency for investors and other market participants, in particular on costs and 
fees. As such, the Group continues to respond to changes in this environment and strengthen regulatory practices.  
If the Issuer and the Group fail to comply with any relevant laws, regulations, or regulatory expectations, they 
may suffer reputational damage and may be subject to challenges by customers or competitors, or sanctions, fines 
or other actions imposed by regulatory authorities. There is also a risk that failure to recognise the impact of 
increases in the cost of living (including higher mortgage rates) on vulnerable customers or those in financial 
difficulties could lead to claims for conduct matters. The Issuer’s and the Group’s practices may also be challenged 
under current regulations and standards. In such circumstances, the Issuer or the Group may be required to redress 
customers, may be subject to regulatory sanctions, material financial loss or loss to reputation, which may have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and 
prospects.  
Risks may also arise for the Issuer and the Group in relation to employee conduct. Regulators expect to see desired 
behaviours and conduct re-enforced at all stages of the employee lifecycle, from recruitment, to training and 
promotion. Poor employee conduct can result in mis-selling, inappropriate actions where a conflict of interest 
arises, internal fraud or otherwise not acting in a customer’s best interest. Such actions may result in the bank 
having to make redress to impacted customers, potential regulatory sanction, adverse media coverage and potential 
reputational damage.  
In September 2015, the Central Bank wrote to the Group to inform the Group that it had embarked on the Tracker 
Mortgage Examination. In December 2015, the Central Bank confirmed to the affected lenders that the objective 
of the Tracker Mortgage Examination was to assess compliance with both contractual and regulatory requirements 
relating to tracker mortgages and in circumstances where customer detriment is identified from the Tracker 
Mortgage Examination, to provide appropriate redress and compensation in line with the Central Bank’s 
‘Principles for Redress’. The Central Bank concluded its enforcement investigation in June 2022 and the Group 
agreed to pay a fine of €96.7 million. The fine was settled prior to 30 June 2022, which brought the Central Bank’s 
Tracker Mortgage Examination to a close.  
In 2020, following an FSPO decision in relation to a complaint by a customer from the ‘06-09 Ts & Cs who never 
had a tracker’ cohort, which found that AIB Bank had breached the terms of the customer’s mortgage loan contract 
and directed it to remedy the matter in what the FSPO believed was a fair and proportionate manner, the Group 
decided to accept the decision in full. Furthermore, the Group decided to apply the remedy to all other customers 
within this cohort, and payments to customers on that basis have effectively concluded.  
The Group continued to engage with stakeholders during 2024 and a number of related issues also continue to 
exist that have yet to be resolved, including tax liabilities arising that the Group will be required to discharge on 
behalf of impacted customers. Notwithstanding the near completion of payments to customers based on the FSPO 
decision, the level of provision required for these other costs is no longer material at 30 June 2024. 
The Group is also required to manage potentially heightened conduct and regulatory risks associated with strategic 
growth, such as the acquisition of Goodbody Stockbrokers UC (“Goodbody”) and the establishment of an 
insurance joint venture, AIB Life and the establishment of the new Climate Capital segment. Additional regulatory 
requirements need to be considered along with the conduct implications of managing a different customer base, 
business portfolio and product suite. As a result, effective integration with appropriate alignment and oversight 
between the Group and any such subsidiary or joint venture is required to mitigate these risks. 
The Central Bank has published a Regulatory Supervisory Outlook (“RSO”). The RSO summarises and 
complements the Central Bank’s ongoing communications to industry and outputs from supervisory engagements 
with credit institutions, investment firms, funds and all other regulated entities. 
The RSO captures a broad range of regulatory considerations, from the macro-economic environment to 
individual topical spotlights, in particular: 
• 
The risk management and consumer-centric leadership of firms; 
• 
That firms are resilient; 
• 
That firms address operating framework deficiencies, (e.g. governance, risk management and control 
frameworks);

--- Page 37 ---
37 
• 
The effective management of change by firms; and  
• 
That climate change and net zero transition are addressed (strategy, assessment of climate risk exposures 
and greenwashing). 
The Group is required to monitor, align and deliver in line with the Central Bank’s regulatory and supervisory 
priorities and failure to do so may lead to regulatory intervention or highlight deficiencies in the conduct and 
prudential control environment   
24 
The Issuer and the Group are subject to anti-money laundering, counter-terrorist financing, anti-
corruption and sanctions regulations and, if they fail to comply with these regulations, they may face 
administrative sanctions, criminal penalties and/or reputational damage  
 
The Issuer and the Group are subject to laws and regulations aimed at preventing money laundering, anti-
corruption and the financing of terrorism. Monitoring compliance with AML, CFT and anti-corruption and 
sanctions rules can put a significant financial burden on banks and other financial institutions and requires 
significant technical capabilities. In recent years, enforcement of these laws and regulations against financial 
institutions has become more intrusive, resulting in several landmark fines against financial institutions. In 
addition, the Issuer and the Group cannot predict the nature, scope or effect of future regulatory requirements to 
which it might be subject or the way existing laws might be administered or interpreted. Furthermore, there is a 
greater focus by regulators on the overall effectiveness of financial institutions’ efforts to tackle financial crime 
beyond issues of mere technical compliance which requires constant enhancement of and investment in their 
overall financial crime response. 
The 5th EU Anti-Money Laundering Directive (“MLD5”), transposed in part into Irish law by the Criminal Justice 
(Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing) Act 2021, emphasises a “risk-based approach” to AML and CFT 
and imposes obligations on Irish incorporated bodies (such as AIB) to take measures to compile information on 
beneficial ownership.  
Moreover, global money laundering cases have received increased scrutiny, with a number of major European 
banks implicated in such matters. Since July 2021, the European Union has been working on a comprehensive 
package of legislation aimed at revising and reinforcing the EU’s AML & CFT rules (known as the “AML 
Reform Package”). The Group will need to continue to monitor and reflect the changes under the AML Reform 
Package, including the recent inclusion of sanctions, in its own policies, procedure and practices, and to update 
its framework to take account of the risk-based approach and the relevant technical standards, together with any 
related industry guidance from regulators. Given the scale, nature and complexity of the financial sanctions 
regimes in the UK, EU and US (particularly as a result of the conflict in Ukraine), there remains an increased risk 
that the Group could find itself transacting with customers who could become subject to such sanctions and 
potentially face the consequence of secondary US sanctions as a result of this.   
Although the Group has policies and procedures that are designed to comply with applicable AML/CFT, anti-
corruption and sanctions rules and regulations, it cannot guarantee that such policies and procedures completely 
prevent situations of money laundering, terrorist financing, breaches of sanctions or corruption, including actions 
by the Group’s employees, agents, third party suppliers or other related persons for which the Group might be 
held responsible. Any such events may have severe consequences, including litigation, sanctions, fines and 
reputational consequences, which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s and the Group’s business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  
25 
The Irish legislation and regulations in relation to mortgages, as well as judicial procedures for the 
enforcement of mortgage, custom, practice and interpretation of such legislation, regulations and 
procedures, may result in higher levels of default by the Issuer’s customers, delays in the Issuer’s 
recoveries in its mortgage portfolio and increased impairments  
 
In instances where the Issuer or the Group seeks to enforce security on commercial or residential property (in 
particular over a borrower’s PDH, the Issuer or the Group may encounter significant delays arising from judicial 
procedures, which often entail significant legal and other costs. Custom, practice and interpretation of Irish 
legislation, regulations and procedures may also contribute to delays or restrictions on the enforcement of security. 
The courts or legislature in Ireland may have particular regard to the interests and circumstances of borrowers in 
disputes relating to the enforcement of security above or sale of their loans which is different to the custom and 
practice of courts in other jurisdictions. As a result of these factors, enforcement of security or recovery of

--- Page 38 ---
38 
delinquent loans in Ireland may be more difficult, take longer and involve higher costs for lenders as compared to 
other jurisdictions, or it may not be feasible for courts to enforce security. The CPC is designed to protect the 
interests of consumers (as defined in the CPC) and is applicable (in part) to the activities of the Group. The CPC 
sets out specified information which must be provided to borrowers throughout the lifecycle of the mortgage 
product. The CPC requires the Group to, inter alia, act fairly, in the best interests of its customers and the integrity 
of the market, and to comply with the letter and spirit of the CPC. There is a risk that the Group may be found to 
be in breach of CPC provisions due to unforeseen market developments or scenarios arising, potentially leading 
to regulatory sanction and customer restitution.  
The LCLRA 2019 which came into force on 1 August 2019 provides further protections for homeowners in 
residential mortgage difficulties. Courts must take into account a range of factors set out in the LCLRA 2019 
when considering whether or not to grant an order for possession in respect of a borrower's PDH and may take 
these factors into account when considering whether to make any other order it considers appropriate in the 
circumstances. While many of the now statutory-imposed considerations are ones a court already had taken into 
account, the LCLRA 2019 reinforces the special status of a PDH in residential mortgage arrears proceedings in 
Ireland and the Irish Government’s policy objective that repossession of a defaulting borrower’s PDH should be 
an action of last resort. In enforcement proceedings affecting a PDH, lenders must now be prepared to demonstrate 
reasonable conduct towards seeking a sustainable solution with the borrower. As a result, the Issuer and the Group 
may face certain additional restrictions on their ability to collect or enforce mortgages that are in arrears. This 
could result in delays in the Issuer’s recoveries in respect of its mortgage portfolio and increased impairments. 
Legislation has also been introduced with regard to loans sold to third parties under the Consumer Protection 
(Regulation of Credit Servicing Firms) Act 2018, which regulates third party loan acquirers and may give rise to 
further implications for future loan sales undertaken by the Issuer or the Group.  
It is unclear whether any legislation in respect of the foregoing (either in the proposed form or a different form) 
will be enacted or whether further legislative initiatives to regulate the Irish mortgage market will be introduced. 
If enacted, any further legislation could potentially impact the Issuer and the Group.  
The Irish Government may also seek to influence how credit institutions set interest rates on mortgages, may 
amend the Personal Insolvency Act 2012 to reduce the entitlements currently afforded to mortgage holders 
thereunder or may enact other legislation or introduce further regulation that affects the rights of lenders in other 
ways which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s business, financial condition 
and prospects. Furthermore, the laws and regulations to which the Issuer and the Group are already subject could 
change as a result of changes in interpretation or practice by courts, regulators or other authorities.  
In common with other residential mortgage lenders, the Issuer and the Group face increased supervisory 
engagement and focus by the Irish Government, the Oireachtas and regulators, such as the Central Bank and the 
CCPC, on their loan books, in particular the Issuer’s residential mortgage book, with respect to such matters as 
the interest rates it charges on loans. This could result in increased regulation of the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s 
loan book which may impact the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s level of lending, interest income and net interest 
margin and/or increased operational costs.  
Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s business, results of 
operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Risks Relating to the Securities 
26 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Securities involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Securities. Investment in Floating Rate Securities involves the risk in 
a low interest rate environment that interest rates on such Securities may be nil. 
27 
Value and realisation of security over residential property 
 
The security for a residential loan included in the Pool consists of, amongst other things, the Issuer’s interest in 
security over a residential property. The value of this security and accordingly, the level of recoveries on an 
enforcement of the security, may be affected by, among other things, a decline in the value of residential property, 
priority of the security, regulatory requirements applicable to enforcement of such security, changes in law, 
regulation or government policy and decisions of the courts relevant to a particular security or to such type of

--- Page 39 ---
39 
security generally. No assurance can be given that the values of relevant residential properties will not decline or 
since origination have not declined or whether other creditors may have a security interest senior to the Issuer’s. 
However, in this regard, it should be noted that one of the Lending Criteria currently applied in respect of the Irish 
residential lending by the Issuer is that the security taken by the Issuer is a first legal mortgage/charge on the 
residential property (see further Irish Residential Loan Origination and Servicing – Mortgage Servicing – Credit 
Policy – Security). 
Where the Issuer enforces security over a residential property, realisation of that security is likely to involve sale 
of that residential property with vacant possession. The ability of the Issuer to dispose of a residential property 
without the consent of the borrower will depend on applicable law at the relevant time, regulatory requirements 
in respect of residential mortgage enforcement, a court granting vacant possession, the relevant property market 
conditions at the relevant time and the availability of buyers for the relevant residential property.  
See “Certain Aspects of Regulation of Residential Lending in Ireland - Land and Conveyancing Law Reform 
Acts”. 
28 
Reliance on ACS Act and change of law and regulation 
 
The Issuer is only one of two Institutions registered under the ACS Act. The claims of Security holders have a 
preference on the Cover Assets included in the Issuer’s Pool based solely on the ACS Act. See Insolvency of 
Institutions. Any amendments to, or repeal or change in interpretation of, provisions of the ACS Act may have an 
adverse effect on the Securities or the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under the Securities. 
As part of the EU Capital Markets Union action plan, the Covered Bonds Directive and the EU Covered Bonds 
Regulation entered into force on 7 January 2020. The Covered Bonds Directive lays down conditions that covered 
bonds (including ACS and hence, the Securities) would have to respect in order to be recognised under EU law 
and the EU Covered Bonds Regulation amends the CRR in that regard. The Covered Bonds Directive has been 
transposed into Irish law by the Irish Covered Bonds Directive Implementing Regulations, which effected the 
amendments to the ACS Act required to implement the Covered Bonds Directive in Ireland. The EU Covered 
Bonds Regulation applied directly since 8 July 2022 and the Irish Covered Bonds Directive Implementing 
Regulations came into operation on that date also. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the mortgage credit assets 
comprised in the Issuer’s Pool and their related primary security are governed by Irish law. No assurance can be 
given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to EU or Irish law (including in connection with 
the ACS Act or affecting the Issuer or the Group), regulation or administrative or regulatory practice after the date 
of issue of the relevant Securities. Such changes in law may include, but are not limited to, the introduction of a 
variety of statutory resolution and loss absorption tools which may affect the rights of Security holders. 
29 
Secondary market for Mortgage Covered Securities 
 
No assurance can be given as to the existence, continuation or effectiveness of any market-making activity or as 
to whether any secondary market or liquidity may develop with respect to the Securities.  
Although application has been made to list the Securities on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and to admit the 
Securities to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, Securities may have no established trading 
market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, 
investors may not be able to sell their Securities easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable 
to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Securities that are 
especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or 
strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors or where 
Securities are issued for the purpose of the Group accessing funding or liquidity from central bank monetary 
policy operations. These types of Securities generally would have a more limited secondary market and more 
price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market 
value of Securities. 
30 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Securities in the Specified Currency (as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions). This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are 
denominated principally in the Investor’s Currency other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or

--- Page 40 ---
40 
revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency 
may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the 
Specified Currency would decrease (i) the equivalent yield on the Securities in the Investor’s Currency, (ii) the 
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Securities in the Investor’s Currency and (iii) the equivalent 
market value of the Securities in the Investor’s Currency. 
Governmental and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal. 
31 
Credit rating risks 
 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to an issue of Securities. The ratings 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, the additional factors discussed above, 
and other factors that may affect the value of the Securities. The ratings may be given at the initiative of the Issuer 
(where the Issuer appoints the rating agency) or without the solicitation of the Issuer. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
A credit rating agency may lower or withdraw its rating in respect of the Securities and that action may reduce 
the market value of the Securities. 
However, the rating methodology employed by a rating agency with respect to Securities may link the rating 
applicable to the Securities with the rating applicable to AIB Bank or AIB Group plc. Such a methodology may, 
for example, include a ceiling on ‘notching up’ so that the Securities may not be assigned a rating higher than a 
specified number of notches above the rating applicable to AIB Bank or AIB Group plc. The credit ratings of 
Securities may also be subject to a ceiling or otherwise linked by reference to a credit rating applicable to other 
entities, including the credit rating applicable to Irish sovereign debt. 
In general, EU regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration application is pending. Such general 
restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant 
credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is 
certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case 
may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances). 
UK regulated investors are restricted under the UK CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for regulatory 
purposes unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration application is pending. Such general 
restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-UK credit rating agencies, unless the relevant 
credit ratings are endorsed by a UK-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-UK rating agency is 
certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case 
may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances). 
The Issuer is exposed to changes in the rating methodologies applied by rating agencies. Any changes of such 
methodologies may result in an adverse change in the ratings given to the Issuer or the Securities which in turn 
may materially and adversely affect the Issuer’s collateral management operations, financial condition or capital 
market standing.  
32 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including SOFR and SONIA) as reference 
rates for Floating Rate Securities  
 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates, such as SOFR and 
SONIA, as reference rates in the capital markets for U.S. dollar or sterling bonds, as applicable, and their adoption 
as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. This relates not only to the substance of the calculation and

--- Page 41 ---
41 
the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such 
rates, but also how widely such rates and methodologies might be adopted. 
In addition, market participants and relevant working groups have been working together to design alternative 
reference rates based on risk-free rates, including applying term versions of certain risk-free rates (which seek to 
measure the market's forward expectation of an average of these reference rates over a designated term, as they 
are overnight rates) or different measures of such risk-free rates. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly from 
that set out in the terms and conditions applicable to the Securities. If the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to 
be widely used in securities such as the Securities, the trading price of such Securities linked to such risk-free 
rates may be lower than those of Securities referencing rates that are more widely used. Furthermore, the Issuer 
may in the future also issue Securities referencing SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR or SOFR 
Compounded Index that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous 
SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR or SOFR Compounded Index referenced Securities issued by it under 
this Programme. The development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond markets could result in reduced liquidity or 
increased volatility, or could otherwise affect the market price of any Securities that reference a risk-free rate 
issued under this Programme from time to time.  
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially 
compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan 
markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates 
across the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they 
may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Securities referencing such risk-free 
rates.  
Risk-free rates such as SOFR and SONIA differ from interbank offered rates in a number of material respects. 
For instance, risk-free rates such as SOFR and SONIA are backwards-looking, compounded, risk-free overnight 
rates, whereas interbank offered rates are expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and includes a risk 
element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that interbank offered rates and risk-free 
rates such as SOFR or SONIA may behave materially differently as interest reference rates for the Securities. 
Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore will 
perform differently over time to an unsecured rate. For example, since publication of SOFR began in April 2018 
daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or 
other market rates.  
Risk-free rates have a limited history. For instance, publication of SOFR and SONIA (in its current form) began 
in April 2018. The future performance of risk-free rates such as SOFR and SONIA may therefore be difficult to 
predict based on the limited historical performance. Risk-free rate levels during the term of the Securities may 
bear little or no relation to their historical levels. Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market 
variables and their relation to risk-free rates such as correlations, may change in the future. Investors should not 
rely on hypothetical or actual historical performance data as an indicator of the future performance of such risk-
free rates nor should they rely on any hypothetical data. 
The Issuer has no control over its determination, calculation or publication of risk-free rates such as SOFR or 
SONIA. There can be no guarantee that such rates will not be discontinued, suspended or fundamentally altered 
in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in Floating Rate Securities linked to the relevant 
50 rate. In particular, the New York Federal Reserve and the Bank of England (or a successor), as administrator 
of SOFR (and the SOFR Compounded Index) and SONIA (and the SONIA Compounded Index), respectively, 
may make methodological or other changes that could change the value of SOFR or SONIA or their related 
indices, including changes related to the method by which SOFR or SONIA or a related index is calculated, 
eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SOFR or SONIA, or timing related to the 
publication of SOFR or SONIA or a related index. In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend 
calculation or dissemination of SOFR or SONIA or a related index (in which case a fallback method of 
determining the interest rate on the Securities will apply). The administrator has no obligation to consider the 
interests of Security holders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing SOFR or SONIA 
or a related index.  
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Securities 
which reference any risk-free rates, including SONIA or SOFR.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
33 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Securities linked to or 
referencing such “benchmarks”  
 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (such as a Reference Rate), are the subject of 
recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such 
consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Securities linked to or referencing such a “benchmark”. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation was published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 29 June 2016 
and became applicable from 1 January 2018. The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain 
transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use 
of a benchmark within the EU. It, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and 
(ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of “benchmarks” of administrators that are 
not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks 
Regulation”) applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use 
of a benchmark within the UK. It, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or 
registered (or, if non-UK-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and 
(ii) prevents certain uses by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or 
registered (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any 
Securities linked to or referencing a “benchmark” (such as Floating Rate Securities), in particular, if the 
methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have 
the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the 
“benchmark”.  
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
“benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
“benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
The potential elimination of any benchmark (including, for example, EURIBOR), or changes in the manner of 
administration of any benchmark, could require an adjustment to the terms and conditions, or result in other 
consequences, in respect of any Securities linked to such benchmark. Such factors may have the following effects 
on certain “benchmarks”: (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to the 
“benchmark”, (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the “benchmark” or (iii) lead to the 
disappearance of the “benchmark”. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of 
international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the 
value of and return on any Securities linked to or referencing a “benchmark”.  
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation in making any investment 
decision with respect to any Securities linked to or referencing a “benchmark”.  
The Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark (excluding 
SOFR), such as EURIBOR or other relevant reference rates (including, without limitation, mid-swap rates) and 
including any page on which such Benchmark may be published (or any successor service)), becomes unavailable 
or a Benchmark Event otherwise occurs, including the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference 
to a successor rate or an alternative reference rate and that such successor rate or alternative reference rate may 
be adjusted (if required), all as determined by the Issuer in consultation with an Independent Adviser, acting in 
good faith in a commercially reasonable manner. Any adjustment spread could be positive, negative or zero. In 
making such determinations, it is possible that the interests of the Issuer might not align with those of Security 
holders. 
Where the original benchmark is SOFR, the Benchmark Replacement provisions in the terms and conditions 
specify a “waterfall” of alternative rates that may become the Benchmark Replacement. These alternative rates 
are uncertain and no market convention currently exists, or may ever exist, for their determination. For example,

--- Page 43 ---
43 
the ISDA Fallback Rate, which is the rate referenced in the ISDA Definitions that is to be effective upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor, has not been 
established as of the date hereof. Even after the ISDA Fallback Rate is initially determined, ISDA Definitions and 
the ISDA Fallback Rate may change over time. Uncertainty surrounding the establishment of market conventions 
related to the calculation of the ISDA Fallback Rate and other alternative rates, and whether any of the alternative 
rates is a suitable replacement or successor for the original Reference Rate, may adversely affect the value of and 
return on Securities referencing SOFR as the original Reference Rate.  
In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of interest for a particular Interest 
Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the 
effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Securities based on the rate which was last observed on the 
Relevant Screen Page or the last ISDA rate calculable by the Calculation Agent. In addition, due to the uncertainty 
concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an 
Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time.  
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the trading market for, liquidity of, value of and 
return on any such Securities. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting 
or existence of any relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the 
Floating Rate Securities or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount 
payable under, the Floating Rate Securities or could impact the availability and cost of hedging instruments and 
borrowings or cause a potential mismatch with any hedging instruments or borrowing arrangements already in 
place relating to such Securities. Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision 
with respect to the relevant Floating Rate Securities. 
34 
European Monetary Union 
 
The Eurozone sovereign debt crisis which started in 2008 has led to continuing and increased speculation that one 
or more Eurozone countries might abandon the euro as its national currency and even, although generally thought 
of as an extreme circumstance, the possible disappearance of the euro as a currency. There is a great deal of legal 
uncertainty surrounding these possibilities but it is likely, in the event that Ireland were to abandon the euro as its 
national currency, that contracts denominated in euro, including the Securities, would be redenominated into 
whatever currency replaced the euro as the national currency of Ireland with the possibility of consequent foreign 
exchange risk and the other uncertainties attendant on such an eventuality constituting risks relating to Securities 
denominated in euro. 
35 
Extended maturity of the Securities 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to a Series of Securities and 
(i) the Issuer fails to redeem at par all of those Securities in full on the Maturity Date, or (ii) the Central Bank or 
a manager appointed to the Issuer under the ACS Act (see Supervision and Regulation of Institutions/Managers – 
Power of the Central Bank to appoint the NTMA or a recommended person as manager of an Institution) so 
directs, the maturity of the principal amount outstanding of the Securities will automatically be extended to the 
Extended Maturity Date, specified in the applicable Final Terms. In that event, the Issuer may redeem at par all 
or part of the principal amount outstanding of those Securities on an Interest Payment Date falling in any month 
after the Maturity Date up to and including the Extended Maturity Date. In that event also, the interest payable on 
the principal amount outstanding of those Securities will change as provided in the applicable Final Terms and 
such interest may apply on a fixed or floating basis. The extension of the maturity of the principal amount 
outstanding of those Securities from the Maturity Date up to the Extended Maturity Date will not result in any 
right of Security holders to accelerate payments on those Securities or constitute an event of default for any 
purpose and no payment will be payable to the Security holders in that event other than as set out in the Conditions 
(see Terms and Conditions of the Securities) and the applicable Final Terms (see Final Terms for Securities). 
In the event of the insolvency or resolution of the Issuer, maturity extensions shall not affect the ranking of the 
investors in the Securities issued by the Issuer or invert the sequencing of the original maturity schedule of a 
Covered Bond Programme of the Issuer. 
36 
Increases in Overcollateralisation Percentage may be reversed 
The Overcollateralisation Percentage is relevant to the level of Contractual Overcollateralisation applicable to a 
Series of Securities, see Cover Assets Pool - The Pool maintained by the Issuer - Overcollateralisation. The

--- Page 44 ---
44 
Conditions provide that the Overcollateralisation Percentage will be specified in the Final Terms for a Series of 
Securities and will not, for so long as the Securities are outstanding, be reduced by the Issuer below the percentage 
specified in the applicable Final Terms relating to that Series of Securities.  
The Conditions contemplate that the Overcollateralisation Percentage may be increased by the Issuer from time 
to time. However, any such increase may be reversed by the Issuer in whole or part at any time subject to the 
provisions of Condition 11(c). Such a reversal may occur where the increased Overcollateralisation Percentage is 
no longer required (i) to support the then credit rating of the Securities by any credit rating agency then appointed 
by the Issuer in respect of the Securities or (ii) for the Securities to meet the requirements of level 1 assets or level 
2 assets for the purposes of the LCR Commission Regulation. However, such a reversal is not permitted under the 
Conditions if to do so would result in any credit rating then applying to the Securities by any credit rating agency 
appointed by the Issuer in respect of the Securities being reduced, removed, suspended or placed on credit watch. 
Accordingly, investors in the Securities should be aware that any increase in the Overcollateralisation Percentage 
subsequent to an issue of Securities may be reversed by the Issuer in whole or part at any time subject to the 
provisions of Condition 11(c).  
37 
Sharing of Pool 
The Cover Assets included in the Issuer’s Pool benefit not only the holders of the Securities but also other preferred 
creditors of the Issuer. These preferred creditors are all other holders of the Issuer’s Mortgage Covered Securities 
(whether outstanding at the date of this Base Prospectus or in the future), counterparties under cover assets hedge 
contracts at the date of this Base Prospectus or in the future (provided that such counterparties fulfil their financial 
obligations under the relevant cover assets hedge contracts), the Monitor, any manager appointed to the Issuer 
and, a Pool security trustee appointed by the Issuer, in each of the above cases, whether at the date of this Base 
Prospectus or in the future. None of the Cover Assets in the Issuer’s Pool are or will be exclusively available to 
meet the claims of the holders of the Securities ahead of such other preferred creditors of the Issuer at the date of 
this Base Prospectus or in the future. In addition, with respect to Grandfathered ACS only, the claims of super-
preferred creditors of the Issuer (being the Monitor, any such Pool security trustee and any manager appointed to 
the Issuer) rank ahead of those of other preferred creditors. 
38 
Dynamic nature of the Pool 
The Issuers’ Pool may contain mortgage credit assets, substitution assets and cover assets hedge contracts, subject 
to the limitations provided for in the ACS Act. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s Pool contains 
mortgage credit assets, substitution assets and cover assets hedge contracts in accordance with the ACS Act. The 
ACS Act permits the composition of the Issuer’s Pool to be dynamic and does not require it to be static. 
Accordingly, the composition of mortgage credit assets (and other permitted assets) comprised in the Issuer’s Pool 
will change from time to time in accordance with the ACS Act. A mortgage credit asset, cover assets hedge contract 
or substitution asset may only be included in or removed from the Issuer’s Pool if the Monitor agrees to its 
inclusion or removal and it is permitted by the ACS Act. Accordingly, any changes to mortgage credit assets, cover 
assets hedge contracts, or substitution assets comprised in the Issuer’s Pool from time to time will require the 
Monitor’s approval. In circumstances where the Monitor does not provide its approval for changes to the 
composition of the Issuer’s Pool, the Issuer’s Pool would lose its dynamic nature and investors would be deprived 
of the benefits of diversification of their investment portfolios which exposure to a dynamic Pool otherwise 
provides. See Cover Assets Pool. 
39 
Types of mortgage credit assets that may be included in the Pool 
A mortgage credit asset includes a loan secured over commercial property as well as one secured over residential 
property. Under the ACS Act, with respect only to Grandfathered ACS, a mortgage credit asset also includes 
securitised mortgage credit assets; namely, RMBS or CMBS. Accordingly, subject to the limits set out in the ACS 
Act, a Pool may include mortgage credit assets the related loans under which are secured over commercial 
property or certain CMBS or RMBS. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has not included and does not 
propose to include CMBS or RMBS in its Pool or to acquire or make loans which are primarily secured over 
commercial property or accordingly, to include mortgage credit assets comprising such loans in its Pool, as 
permitted by the ACS Act. However, subject as set out below, that position may change and no restrictions will 
apply to the Issuer acquiring or making mortgage credit assets the related loans under which are secured on 
commercial property or to the inclusion of those mortgage credit assets in its Pool, other than restrictions which 
apply under the ACS Act. See Restrictions on the Activities of an Institution and Cover Assets Pool.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
The financial performance and market value of any RMBS or CMBS may be adversely affected by, amongst other 
things, (i) financial deterioration of or other adverse factors affecting the originator, servicer or underlying 
borrowers, (ii) transactions being downgraded or placed on credit watch by rating agencies, (iii) adverse economic, 
environmental, climatic or other events in the countries, regions or areas where the underlying properties are 
situated, (iv) adverse changes in underlying property values, (v) adverse regulatory changes affecting investors or 
(vi) adverse conditions in the capital markets relating to the availability of credit, liquidity or otherwise. 
40 
Location of property related to mortgage credit assets 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s Pool consists of residential loans originally secured on residential 
properties in Ireland with a significant degree of concentration on the Dublin area. The ACS Act permits (and the 
Conditions do not prohibit) the inclusion by the Issuer in its Pool of mortgage credit assets located in any Member 
State of the EEA and subject to certain limits and criteria, in the US, Canada, Switzerland, Japan, Australia and 
New Zealand. See Cover Assets Pool.  
The location (for the purposes of the ACS Act) of mortgage credit assets which are included in the Issuer’s Pool 
may change and no restriction will apply to the Issuer acquiring or making mortgage credit assets the related 
properties under which may be situated outside Ireland or to the inclusion of relevant mortgage credit assets in its 
Pool, other than those restrictions which apply under the ACS Act (see Restrictions on the Activities of an 
Institution and Cover Assets Pool). 
41 
Cover assets hedge contracts 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Pool Hedge only hedges the interest rate exposure with respect to mortgage 
credit assets located in Ireland for the purposes of the ACS Act and which are secured on Irish residential property, 
denominated in euro and included in the Issuer’s Pool and with respect to Mortgage Covered Securities which are 
primarily denominated in euro. If the Issuer includes in its Pool mortgage credit assets which are secured on 
commercial property, mortgage credit assets (whether secured on residential property or commercial property) 
which are located outside of Ireland for the purposes of the ACS Act, mortgage credit assets not denominated in 
euro, or issues Mortgage Covered Securities not denominated in euro, the Pool Hedge does not hedge any interest 
rate risk and/or, as applicable, currency risk, associated with those assets or, as applicable, Mortgage Covered 
Securities unless further transactions are entered into under the Pool Hedge. The Issuer is entitled but not required 
under the ACS Act to enter into cover assets hedge contracts. 
42 
Default of Issuer’s assets 
A borrower under a residential loan may default on its obligation under that residential loan. Defaults under 
residential loans are subject to credit, liquidity interest rate, legal and regulatory risks and rental yield reduction 
(in the case of investment residential properties) and are often connected with negative changes in market interest 
rates, international, national or local economic conditions, the financial standing of borrowers, property values or 
with unemployment, death, illness or relationship breakdown affecting borrowers or similar factors to the above 
factors. 
Material default of the Issuer’s assets (in particular of Cover Assets comprised in its Pool) could jeopardise the 
Issuer’s ability to make payments in full or on a timely basis on the Securities if not sufficiently mitigated by 
overcollateralisation or the availability of other non-defaulted assets.  
The Cover Assets which will secure the Securities comprise and will continue to comprise to a large extent loans 
secured on residential property which, at the date of this Base Prospectus, are located in Ireland. These residential 
loans may be loans originally made to a borrower for the purpose of that borrower buying, constructing, altering 
or refinancing a residential property in which that borrower then or subsequently resides or may be loans made to 
a borrower for the purchase of that residential property for investment, rental or other purposes.  
43 
Payments by borrowers and collection of residential loans 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, payments of principal and interest by borrowers in respect of mortgage credit 
assets comprised in the Issuer’s Pool are usually made monthly in respect of the Irish residential loans held by the 
Issuer. Such payments are collected by AIB Bank as the Mortgage Servicer under the terms of the Outsourcing 
Agreement and are credited at least on a monthly basis into an account maintained by the Issuer with Barclays 
Bank Ireland PLC. Failure by AIB Bank (including in circumstances where AIB Bank is wound up) to remit to 
the Issuer funds received by AIB Bank and to which the Issuer is entitled could adversely affect the Issuer’s

--- Page 46 ---
46 
financial condition and its ability to make payments on the Securities. See Irish Residential Loan Origination and 
Servicing – Mortgage Servicing. 
44 
Regulatory, contractual and rating agency overcollateralisation levels 
A significant level of overcollateralisation is held in the Issuer’s Pool with the aim of providing adequate 
protection to holders of Mortgage Covered Securities issued by the Issuer in the event of higher defaults and 
reducing asset values. The Issuer monitors the level of overcollateralisation of its Pool to ensure that the prudent 
value of the Pool (as measured for the purposes of the Regulatory Overcollateralisation value of the Pool) exceeds 
minimum Regulatory Overcollateralisation, Contractual Overcollateralisation and rating agency requirements. 
See further Cover Assets Pool. 
Risks attaching to the Securities as a result of default or decline in value of Cover Assets in the Issuer’s Pool are 
reduced by a number of features of the ACS Act, including overcollateralisation of the Pool and the Issuer’s ability 
to substitute assets to and from its Pool. However, if a material amount of Cover Assets in the Issuer’s Pool were 
to default, or to decline materially in value, there is no guarantee that the required level of overcollateralisation 
could be maintained or that the Issuer would be in a position to substitute non-defaulting assets for the defaulting 
assets. 
45 
Securities issued as Green or Social Securities may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
seeking exposure to green or social assets   
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Securities may provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention to 
apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from an offer of those Securities specifically to an eligible portfolio of 
new and existing green mortgage credit assets or social mortgage credit assets (each an “Eligible Mortgage 
Portfolio” and together, the “Eligible Mortgage Portfolios”). Prospective investors should have regard to the 
information set out in Green Bond Framework Overview, Social Bond Framework Overview and the relevant Final 
Terms regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for 
the purpose of any investment in such Securities together with any other investigation such investor deems 
necessary.  
In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer or any Dealer that the use of such proceeds for any Eligible 
Mortgage Portfolio will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are 
required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other 
governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, 
sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Mortgage Portfolio. 
None of the Dealers shall be responsible for (i) any assessment of the Eligible Mortgage Portfolio, (ii) any 
verification of whether the Eligible Mortgage Portfolio falls within an investor’s requirements or expectations of 
a “green”, “sustainable” or “social” or equivalently-labelled project or (iii) the ongoing monitoring of the use of 
proceeds in respect of any such Securities.  
The definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, and market consensus as to what constitutes or may be classified 
as, a “sustainable”, “green”, “social” or equivalently-labelled project or a loan that may finance such project and 
the requirements of any such label continue to develop and evolve, and different organisations may develop 
definitions or labels that are different from, and may be incompatible with, those set by other organisations. The 
EU has implemented Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable 
development (the “EU Taxonomy Regulation”). The stated purpose of the EU Taxonomy Regulation is to 
establish the criteria for determining whether an economic activity qualifies as environmentally sustainable for 
the purposes of establishing the degree to which an investment is environmentally sustainable.  
Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 on European Green Bonds and optional disclosures for bonds marketed as 
environmentally sustainable and for sustainability-linked bonds was published in the Official Journal of the 
European Union on 30 November 2023. The Regulation, which entered into force on 20 December 2023 and 
apply from 21 December 2024, introduces a voluntary label (the “European Green Bond Standard”) for issuers 
of green use of proceeds bonds (such as the Green Bonds) where the proceeds will be invested in economic 
activities aligned with the EU Taxonomy Regulation. It is not clear at this stage the impact which the European 
Green Bond Standard may have on investor demand for, and pricing of, green use of proceeds bonds (such as the 
Green Bonds) that do not meet such standard. It could reduce demand and liquidity for the Green Bonds and their 
price.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
Additionally, no assurance is or can be given to investors that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any 
Eligible Mortgage Portfolio will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such “green”, “sustainable”, 
“social” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or that any adverse environmental, social and/or 
other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any 
Eligible Mortgage Portfolio. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion 
or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in 
connection with the issue of any Securities and in particular with any Eligible Mortgage Portfolio to fulfil any 
environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or 
certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such 
opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer or any other person 
to buy, sell or hold any such Securities. Any such opinion or certification is only current as at the date that opinion 
was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or 
certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the 
purpose of any investment in such Securities. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not 
subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
In the event that any such Securities are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, “environmental”, 
“sustainable”, “social” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether 
or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer or any other person that such listing or 
admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as 
regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, 
whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or 
investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or 
social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Mortgage Portfolio. Furthermore, it 
should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange 
or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer or any other 
person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Securities or, if 
obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Securities. 
Amounts of interest, principal or other amounts payable for any Securities in respect of which the relevant Final 
Terms provide that it is the Issuer’s intention to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from an offer of those 
Securities specifically to an Eligible Loan Portfolio will not be impacted by the performance of any Eligible Loan 
Portfolio funded out of the proceeds of the issue (or amounts equal thereto) of such Securities or by any other 
Eligible Loan Portfolios or other green, sustainable or social assets of the Group.  
Further, the tenor of the amounts advanced by the Group to customers for the purposes of financing or refinancing 
any Eligible Loan Portfolio may not match the maturity date of the Securities issued to fund such advances. The 
subsequent redemption of relevant loans advanced by the Group, or the project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or 
related to, any Eligible Loan Portfolio before the maturity date of any Securities issued to fund such advances 
shall not lead to the early redemption of such Securities or any other Securities nor create any obligation or 
incentive of the Issuer to redeem the Securities at any time or be a factor in the Issuer’s determination as to whether 
or not to exercise any early redemption rights it may have from time to time. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Securities so specified 
to an Eligible Mortgage Portfolio in, or substantially in, the manner described in Green Bond Framework 
Overview  or in Social Bond Framework Overview (as appropriate) and the relevant Final Terms, there can be no 
assurance that the relevant use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Mortgage Portfolio will be capable of 
being implemented in, or substantially in, such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that 
accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such Eligible Mortgage Portfolio. Nor can 
there be any assurance that such Eligible Mortgage Portfolio will be completed within any specific period or at 
all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated 
by the Issuer. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not (i) give rise to any claim of a Security holder against 
the Issuer; (ii) constitute an event of default howsoever described for any purpose; (iii) lead to an obligation of 
the Issuer to redeem such Securities or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise 
any optional redemption rights in respect of any Securities; or (iv) result in any step-up or increased payments of 
interest, principal or any other amounts in respect of the Securities, or otherwise affect the terms and conditions 
of the Securities.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
Any such event or failure to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any issue of Securities for any Eligible 
Mortgage Portfolio as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or 
certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion 
or certification is opining or certifying on and/or any such Securities no longer being listed or admitted to trading 
on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of such 
Securities and also potentially the value of any other Securities the proceeds of which are intended to be allocated 
to an Eligible Mortgage Portfolio and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio 
mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
46 
Status of the Securities in the event of insolvency of the Issuer 
The ACS Act varies the general provisions of Irish insolvency law which would otherwise apply with respect to 
an Institution, Cover Assets, cover assets hedge contracts, Pool Hedge Collateral and Mortgage Covered Securities 
on the insolvency of the Institution and replaces them with a special insolvency regime applicable to Institutions. 
See further Insolvency of Institutions. 
Part 7 of the ACS Act provides, amongst other things, that if an Institution (or where the Institution has a parent 
entity or a company that is related to the Institution, the parent entity or related company) becomes subject to a 
resolution process (as defined in the ACS Act), all Mortgage Covered Securities issued by the Institution remain 
outstanding, subject to the terms and conditions specified in the security documents under which those Mortgage 
Covered Securities are created.  
Accordingly, subject to the Conditions, the ACS Act does not give the holders of the Securities or any other person 
the right to accelerate the obligations of the Issuer under the Securities in the event of insolvency of the Issuer, 
AIB Bank, AIB Group plc or any other company related to the Issuer. See Insolvency of Institutions – Effect under 
the ACS Act of insolvency, potential insolvency or insolvency process with respect to an Institution for further 
information.  From 8 July 2022 and other than with respect to Grandfathered ACS, the ACS Act prohibits an 
Institution from issuing ACS which are subject to automatic acceleration upon the insolvency or resolution of the 
Institution. 
The Conditions contain no contractual events of default or right to accelerate the Securities on a failure to pay, 
insolvency of the Issuer or otherwise. If the Issuer fails to make a payment when due or becomes insolvent, then 
the Securities remain outstanding in accordance with their terms (including Final Terms) and the ACS Act. 
47 
Amortisation of mortgage credit assets 
Loans comprised in mortgage credit assets which are included from time to time in the Issuer’s Pool are and will 
generally be subject to amortisation of principal on a monthly or other periodic basis. They are also subject to 
early repayment of principal at any time in whole or part by the relevant borrowers, subject in the case of loans 
carrying a fixed interest rate to the payment by the borrower of compensation related to the fixed interest rate. In 
addition, loans comprised in mortgage credit assets which are included in the Issuer’s Pool will generally have 
interest payable on a monthly basis. Payments of principal on mortgage credit assets as set out above results in 
the Issuer requiring to include further mortgage credit assets and/or substitution assets in the Issuer’s Pool on a 
regular and ongoing basis in order for the Issuer to comply with the financial matching and Regulatory 
Overcollateralisation requirements under the ACS Act and with contractual undertakings in respect of 
overcollateralisation (see Cover Assets Pool). 
48 
Securities issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of Securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared 
to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
49 
Interests of the Dealers 
Certain of the Dealers (including AIB Bank) and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future, engage in 
investment banking, commercial banking, monetary policy and/or other financing transactions with, and may 
perform services for, the Issuer and its affiliates, or for clients in transactions which involve the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a 
broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. 
Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit 
exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their 
affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit 
default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Securities issued under the 
Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Securities issued under the 
Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or 
express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
50 
Eurosystem eligibility 
Though the NGN and NSS allow for the possibility of Securities being issued and held in a manner which will 
permit them to be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit operations 
or as eligible under quantitative easing related bond purchase programmes, by the Eurosystem either upon issue 
or at any or all times during their life, in any particular case, such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria at the relevant time.  
Bearer or registered form Global Securities that are deposited with a Common Depositary on behalf of the 
ICSDs under the classic global note structure are not eligible for Eurosystem purposes. In addition, Securities in 
definitive form are not eligible for Eurosystem purposes. 
51 
Central Securities Depositories Regulation 
Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014 of 23 July 2014 (the "CSDR"), which has direct effect in Ireland, requires that, 
amongst other things, from 1 January 2023 any EU issuer that issues transferable securities which are admitted to 
trading on a trading venue, multilateral trading facility or organised trading facility must arrange for such securities 
to be represented in book-entry form as immobilisation or subsequent to a direct issuance in dematerialised 
form.  The European Union (Dematerialised Securities) Regulations 2023 of Ireland (the “Irish CSDR 
Regulations”) introduced new provisions to the Companies Act, 2014 of Ireland for the purposes of giving further 
effect to the CSDR.  The Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin is a trading venue for this purpose, and therefore 
the Issuer is subject to, and required to comply with, CSDR and the Irish CSDR Regulations.  The Issuer expects 
to comply with such requirements by issuing Global Securities representing such Securities which will be held on 
behalf of clearing systems such as Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  The Issuer may be required to 
exchange interests in such Global Securities for definitive Securities in certain limited circumstances as described 
in the Conditions.  Due to the application of CSDR and the Irish CSDR Regulations, unless alternative 
arrangements are made such that the Securities may continue to exist only as book entry records and to allow for 
such exchange for definitive Securities to proceed and such definitive Securities to have legal effect, it is possible 
that such definitive Securities may not on and following such exchange be capable of being listed on any stock 
exchange within the European Economic Area and may not be capable of being admitted to trading on any 
regulated market or multilateral trading facility within the European Economic Area.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have been filed with the Central Bank shall be incorporated in, and form part of, 
this Base Prospectus and such documents are available electronically at the links set out below: 
On the website of the Group: 
(a) 
(i) the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 and the 
auditor’s report dated 5 March 2024 by PricewaterhouseCoopers thereon and (ii) the risk management 
report of the annual financial report of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2023. Such financial 
statements, such auditor’s report and such risk managemenr report are available on the website of the 
Group at:  
https://aib.ie/content/dam/frontdoor/investorrelations/docs/mortgagebank/directors-report-and-
financial-statements-2023.pdf  
(b) 
the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 and the 
auditor’s report dated 6 March 2023 by Deloitte Ireland LLP thereon. Such financial statements and such 
auditor’s report are available on the website of the Group at:  
https://aib.ie/content/dam/frontdoor/investorrelations/docs/mortgagebank/directors-report-and-
financial-statements-2022.pdf  
(c) 
the “Risk Management” section of the annual financial report of the Group for the year ended 31 
December 2023. Such risk management report is available on the website of the Group at: 
 
 
 
https://aib.ie/content/dam/frontdoor/investorrelations/docs/resultscentre/annualreport/2023/AIB-Group-
plc-AFR-Dec-2023.pdf  
 
On the website of Euronext Dublin: 
(a) 
terms and conditions of the Securities as contained in pages 54 to 81 of the base prospectus dated 14 
September 2009 in respect of the Programme. Such terms and conditions are available on the website of 
Euronext Dublin at:  
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/200909/089f6ec5-c866-
4fa3-a9a9-320c7e73529d.PDF 
(b) 
terms and conditions of the Securities as contained in pages 72 to 101 of the base prospectus dated 20 
December 2013 in respect of the Programme. Such terms and conditions are available on the website of 
Euronext Dublin at: 
 https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_bd149f56-19a3-453f-a468-79a1a8812f65.PDF 
(c) 
terms and conditions of the Securities as contained in pages 59 to 84 of the base prospectus dated 18 
December 2014 in respect of the Programme. Such terms and conditions are available on the website of 
Euronext Dublin at:  
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_76b630c5-f5c2-4e86-a591-d313ffd2ec8e.PDF 
(d) 
terms and conditions of the Securities contained in pages 67 to 92 of the base prospectus dated 17 July 
2015 in respect of the Programme. Such terms and conditions are available on the website of Euronext 
Dublin at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_48f79832-2bee-4c4a-966b-568e4c550a28.PDF

--- Page 51 ---
51 
(e) 
terms and conditions of the Securities contained in pages 63 to 89 of the base prospectus dated 8 July 
2016 in respect of the Programme. Such terms and conditions are available on the website of Euronext 
Dublin at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_9ed91a5d-26ae-4869-8795-5db9169106dc.PDF 
(f) 
terms and conditions of the Securities contained in pages 83 to 107 of the base prospectus dated 6 July 
2017 in respect of the Programme. Such terms and conditions are available on the website of Euronext 
Dublin at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_3fc6834c-7856-4986-bf7d-ca5aa011505d.PDF 
(g) 
terms and conditions of the Securities contained in pages 69 to 96 of the base prospectus dated 25 October 
2018 in respect of the Programme.  Such terms and conditions are available on the website of Euronext 
Dublin at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_3dc3512a-69fd-4395-96cb-
4c3a0e290bc6.PDFhttps://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base 
Prospectus_3dc3512a-69fd-4395-96cb-
4c3a0e290bc6.PDF 
(h) 
terms and conditions of the Securities contained in pages 64 to 93 of the base prospectus dated 19 
December 2019 in respect of the Programme.  Such terms and conditions are available on the website of 
Euronext Dublin at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_0d43023f-01ad-4416-905a-4a44c01563cb.PDF 
(i) 
terms and conditions of the Securities contained in pages 71 to 101 of the base prospectus dated 16 
December 2020 in respect of the Programme.  Such terms and conditions are available on the website of 
Euronext Dublin at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_a9dc1e18-3d66-46d8-ba70-78e3e83473f4.PDF 
(j) 
terms and conditions of the Securities contained in pages 78 to 119 of the base prospectus dated 10 
December 2021 in respect of the Programme.  Such terms and conditions are available on the website of 
Euronext Dublin at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202112/318f31b3-d905-
4560-93fd-2ee482261610.PDF 
(k) 
terms and conditions of the Securities contained in pages 74 to 113 of the base prospectus dated 19 May 
2023 in respect of the Programme.  Such terms and conditions are available on the website of Euronext 
Dublin at: 
https://aib.ie/content/dam/frontdoor/investorrelations/docs/debt-investors/base-prospectus-2023.pdf  
save that any statement contained herein or in a document which is deemed to be incorporated by reference herein 
shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement 
contained in any subsequent document which is deemed to be incorporated by reference herein by virtue of any 
supplement to this Base Prospectus modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by 
implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified 
or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. Where documents incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus contain information which is incorporated by reference in those documents, but which 
information is not expressly incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, that information does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
A copy of any or all of the documents deemed to be incorporated herein by reference (unless such documents 
have been modified or superseded as specified above) will be available in electronic form at www.aibgroup.com, 
access through ‘Investor Relations’ – AIB Mortgage Bank. 
As regards information contained in the base prospectuses dated 14 September 2009, 20 December 2013, 18 
December 2014, 17 July 2015, 8 July 2016, 6 July 2017, 25 October 2018, 19 December 2019, 16 December 
2020, 10 December 2021 and 19 May 2023 which is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, such 
information is not relevant to investors in Securities to be issued on or after the date of this Base Prospectus or is 
covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
FORM OF THE SECURITIES, ISSUE PROCEDURES AND CLEARING SYSTEMS 
The Securities of each Series will either be Bearer Securities, with or without interest coupons attached or 
Registered Securities, without interest coupons attached. The Securities have not been and will not be registered 
under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold in the US or to, or for the account or benefit of, US persons 
unless an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available or in a transaction not 
subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act (see Subscription and Sale, Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions and Secondary Market Arrangements). Accordingly, the Securities will only be issued outside the 
US in reliance upon Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Bearer Securities 
Each Tranche of Bearer Securities will be issued in the form of either a Temporary Bearer Global Security or a 
Permanent Bearer Global Security (each of which, along with a Registered Global Security), is a Global Security, 
as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, which, in either case, will: 
(a) 
if the Bearer Securities are intended to be issued in NGN form, as stated in the applicable Final Terms, 
be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg; and 
(b) 
if the Bearer Securities are not intended to be issued in NGN form, as stated in the applicable Final 
Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Persons holding beneficial interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Security will be required, under the 
circumstances described below, to receive delivery of definitive Securities in bearer form.  
Whilst any Bearer Security is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Security, payment of principal, interest 
(if any) and any other amount payable in respect of such Security due prior to the Exchange Date will be made 
(against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Security if the Temporary Bearer Global Security is not 
intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect 
that the beneficial owners of interests in such Security are not US persons or persons who have purchased for 
resale to any US person, as required by US Treasury regulations, have been received by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like 
certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Principal Paying Agent. 
On or after the Exchange Date, interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Security will be exchangeable (free of 
charge) as described therein for interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Security of the same Series against 
certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has already been given. The 
holder of a Temporary Bearer Global Security will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or 
other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer 
Global Security for an interest in a Permanent Bearer Global Security is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Security will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of the 
Permanent Bearer Global Security if the Permanent Bearer Global Security is not intended to be issued in NGN 
form) without any requirement for certification. 
Interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Security will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, 
for definitive Securities in bearer form with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons attached only 
upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. 
The Issuer will promptly give notice to holders of Securities in accordance with Condition 13, if an Exchange 
Event occurs. In the event of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the 
instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Security or the Issuer) may give notice 
to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the 
date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Securities which have an original maturity of more than 365 days and on 
all receipts and interest coupons relating to such Securities.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE.” 
The sections referred to provide that US holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to deduct any loss 
on Securities, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment of any gain on any 
sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Securities, receipts or interest coupons. 
Securities in global form will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being 
of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Registered Securities 
The Registered Securities may be represented by a Registered Global Security. Prior to the expiry of the 
distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S) applicable to each Tranche of Securities, beneficial 
interests in a Registered Global Security may not be offered or sold within the US or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, a US person and may not be held otherwise than through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
such Registered Global Security will bear a legend regarding such restrictions on transfer. 
In addition, Securities in definitive registered form may be privately placed to non-US persons outside the US on 
a non-syndicated basis with professional investors only in reliance on Regulation S. Any such issue of Securities 
will be evidenced by a single security registered in the name of the holder thereof. 
Registered Global Securities will be deposited with: 
(a) 
in the case of Registered Global Securities issued under the NSS and, as stated in the applicable Final 
Terms, intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility, a Common Safekeeper 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and registered in the name of a nominee of that Common 
Safekeeper, and 
(b) 
in the case of Registered Global Securities not issued under the NSS and, as stated in the applicable Final 
Terms, not intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility, a Common 
Depositary for, and registered in the name of a common nominee of, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg.  
Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Securities will be required, under the circumstances 
described below, to receive delivery of definitive Securities in registered form. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Securities will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in Condition 5) as 
the registered holder of the Registered Global Securities. None of the Issuer, any Paying Agent or the Registrar 
will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on 
account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Securities or for maintaining, supervising or 
reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Securities in definitive form will, 
in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant Record 
Date (as defined in Condition 5) immediately preceding the due date for payment in the manner provided in that 
Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Security will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Registered Securities without interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Security holders in accordance with Condition 13 if an 
Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Registered Global Security or the 
Issuer) may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 10 
days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Registrar.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
Transfer of Interests in Global Securities 
Interests in a Global Security may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions and requirements, be 
transferred to a person who wishes to hold such interest in a Global Security. No beneficial owner of an interest 
in a Global Security will be able to transfer such interest, except in accordance with the applicable procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the extent applicable. Registered Securities are also 
subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend regarding such restrictions, see 
Subscription and Sale, Transfer and Selling Restrictions and Secondary Market Arrangements. In relation to 
trading of Securities in the Clearing Systems, see Risk Factors — Clearing Systems. 
Clearing Systems 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg currently in effect. The information in this section 
concerning the Clearing Systems has been obtained from sources that the Issuer believes to be reliable, but none 
of the Issuer, the Arrangers or any Dealer takes any responsibility for the accuracy thereof. The Issuer confirms 
that this information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by Euroclear or Clearstream, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing 
Systems are advised to confirm the continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant 
Clearing System. None of the Issuer, the Arrangers or any of the Dealers will have any responsibility or liability 
for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, interests in the Securities held through 
the facilities of any Clearing System or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such 
interests. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each holds securities for its participants and facilitates the clearance and 
settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective participants. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services including safekeeping, administration, 
clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and borrowing. Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities markets in several countries through established 
depository and custodial relationships. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have established an electronic 
bridge between their two systems across which their respective participants may settle trades with each other. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg participants are world-wide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect access to 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions and persons that directly or indirectly 
through other institutions clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a participant of either system. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg is 42 Avenue J.F. Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg.  
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under Terms and Conditions of the Securities), the Issuer has 
authorised and instructed the Principal Paying Agent and, as applicable, the Registrar to elect Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as Common Safekeeper for Global Securities issued under the Programme which are intended to be 
held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility.  
In relation to any issue of Securities issued in global form which have a minimum denomination and are tradable 
in the Clearing Systems in amounts above that minimum denomination, but those tradable amounts are not integral 
multiples of that minimum denomination, those Securities may be traded in principal amounts which are not 
integral multiples of that minimum denomination. If those Securities are required to be exchanged into Securities 
in definitive form, a holder of Securities who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of 
Securities which is not an integral multiple of the minimum denomination will not receive a Security in definitive 
form in respect of the principal amount of Securities in excess of the principal amount equal to the nearest integral 
multiple of the minimum denomination held by that holder, unless that holder purchases a further principal amount 
of Securities such that the aggregate principal amount of its holding then becomes an integral multiple of the 
minimum denomination. The Issuer does not authorise in any circumstances the trading of Securities in a principal 
or nominal amount less than the applicable minimum denomination specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
Transfers of Securities Represented by Global Securities 
Interests in a Global Security may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions and requirements, be 
transferred to a person who wishes to hold such interest in a Global Security. No beneficial owner of an interest 
in a Global Security will be able to transfer such interest, except in accordance with the applicable procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the extent applicable. Registered Securities are also 
subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend regarding such restrictions, see 
Subscription and Sale, Transfer and Selling Restrictions and Secondary Market Arrangements. 
Transfers of any interests in Securities represented by a Global Security within Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating procedures of the relevant 
clearing system. 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear have each published rules and operating procedures designed to facilitate 
transfers of interests in Global Securities among participants and accountholders of Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear. However, they are under no obligation to perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such 
procedures may be discontinued or changed at any time. None of the Issuer, the Arrangers or any Dealer will be 
responsible for any performance by Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear or their respective direct or indirect 
participants or accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their 
operations and none of them will have any liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on 
account of interests in the Securities represented by Global Securities or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing 
any records relating to such interests. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under Terms and Conditions of the Securities), the Principal Paying 
Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Securities is issued which is intended to form a single Series 
with an existing Tranche of Securities, the Securities of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code 
and ISIN which are different from the common code assigned to Securities of any other Tranches of the same 
Series until at least the expiry of the distribution compliance period applicable to the Securities of such Tranche. 
For so long as any of the Securities is represented by a Global Security held on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time 
being shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount 
of such Securities (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Securities standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive 
and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error or proven error) shall be treated by the Issuer and 
its agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Securities for all purposes other than with respect to the 
payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of Securities, for which purposes the bearer of the 
relevant Securities in bearer form or, as applicable, the registered holder of the relevant Securities in registered 
form shall be treated by the Issuer and its agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Securities in 
accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Securities and the expressions “Security holder” 
and “holder of Securities” and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, wherever the context so permits, be deemed 
to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Where any Security is represented by a Global Security and the Global Security (or any part thereof) has become 
due and repayable in accordance with the Conditions of such Securities and payment in full of the amount due 
has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Security, then holders of interests in such 
Global Security credited to their accounts with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will 
become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to the terms of the Securities.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
FINAL TERMS FOR SECURITIES 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Securities issued under the 
Programme. 
AIB MORTGAGE BANK u.c. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300CGO72ED3XVUZ04 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [[ • ] percent/Floating Rate/Zero Coupon] Mortgage 
Covered Securities due [  •  ] under the €20,000,000,000 Mortgage Covered Securities Programme 
THE SECURITIES (AS DESCRIBED HEREIN) ARE MORTGAGE COVERED SECURITIES ISSUED 
IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE ASSET COVERED SECURITIES ACT 2001 (AS AMENDED) OF 
IRELAND (THE “ACT”). THE ISSUER HAS BEEN REGISTERED BY THE CENTRAL BANK (AS 
DEFINED BELOW) AS A DESIGNATED MORTGAGE CREDIT INSTITUTION PURSUANT TO THE 
ACT. THE FINANCIAL OBLIGATIONS OF THE ISSUER UNDER THE SECURITIES ARE SECURED 
ON THE COVER ASSETS THAT COMPRISE A COVER ASSETS POOL MAINTAINED BY THE 
ISSUER IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE ACT. 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Securities has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Securities is 
eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in the MiFID II Directive; and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Securities to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Securities (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer [’s/’s] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Securities (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer [’s/’s] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Securities has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Securities is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the UK Financial Conduct Authority Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
of the United Kingdom (the “UK”) by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended) 
(“EUWA”) (the “UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Securities to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any [person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Securities (a “distributor”)][distributor] should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Securities are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of the MiFID II Directive; (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been

--- Page 58 ---
58 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Securities are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the UK. For these purposes a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”)]/[EUWA]; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement [Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”)]/[the Insurance 
Distribution Directive], where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of [Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
MiFIR”)]/[the UK MiFIR]; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of [Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129][the Prospectus Regulation] as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPS Regulation.] 2 
[Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 
(Chapter 289) of Singapore (as amended, the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies 
all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Securities are [prescribed capital markets 
products][capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products] (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and [are] [Excluded][Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products.]3 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities (collectively, the “Conditions” and each a “Condition”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 27 
September 2024 (the “Base Prospectus”) [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [ • ] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 14 June 2017 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and relevant Irish laws. The Central Bank of Ireland  
has approved the Base Prospectus under Article 20 of the Prospectus Regulation as having been drawn up in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 and 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979, as amended (the “EU Prospectus Regulations”).] 
 
[This document (“Final Terms”) [constitutes the final terms of the Securities described herein for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation and] must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in 
order to obtain all relevant information.]4 Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Securities is only 
available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The 
Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] and any final terms issued in connection with the 
Base Prospectus have been published on the Issuer’s website at https://aib.ie/investorrelations/debt-
investor/mortgage-bank and on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin at 
https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin/bonds/list.  
[The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a base prospectus with an earlier date]. 
 
1  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Securities potentially constitute “packaged” products or the Issuer wishes to 
prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
2  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Securities potentially constitute “packaged” products or the Issuer wishes to 
prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
3 For any Securities to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Securities pursuant to Section 
309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer. 
4 This sentence to be removed in the case of Securities not listed and admitted to trading on a regulated market.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities (collectively, the “Conditions” and each a “Condition”) incorporated by reference into the Base 
Prospectus dated 27 September 2024 (the “Base Prospectus”) from the base prospectus dated [[14 September 
2009]/[20 December 2013]/[18 December 2014]/[17 July 2015]/[8 July 2016]/[6 July 2017]/[25 October 
2018]/[19 December 2019]/[16 December 2020]/[10 December 2021]/[19 May 2023]] (the “Conditions”). This 
document (“Final Terms”) constitutes the final terms of the Securities described herein for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”) and relevant Irish laws and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 27 
September 2024 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [ • ]], which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and relevant Irish laws in order to obtain all relevant 
information, save in respect of the Conditions which are incorporated by reference extracted from the base 
prospectus dated [[14 September 2009]/[20 December 2013]/[18 December 2014]/[17 July 2015]/[8 July 2016]/[6 
July 2017]/[25 October 2018]/[19 December 2019]/[16 December 2020]/[10 December 2021]/[19 May 2023]] 
[and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [ • ]] and are attached hereto. The Central Bank of Ireland  has 
approved the Base Prospectus under Article 20 of the Prospectus Regulation as having been drawn up in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 and Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979, as amended (the “EU Prospectus Regulations”). Full information on the 
Issuer and the offer of the Securities is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms, the 
Conditions, the Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [ • ]]. The Conditions and the 
Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [ • ]] has been published on the Issuer’s website 
at https://aib.ie/investorrelations/debt-investor/mortgage-bank and on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange plc, 
trading as Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin/bonds/list]. 
 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as Not Applicable (“N/A”). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if Not Applicable is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-
paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing 
the Final Terms]. 
[When completing any final terms, consideration should be given as to whether “significant new factors” exist 
and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation]. 
1. 
Issuer: 
AIB Mortgage Bank u.c. 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[ • ] 
(ii) Tranche Number: 
[ • ] 
(iii) Date on which Securities become 
fungible 
Not applicable/[ • ] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[ • ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Securities 
 
(i)  
Series: 
[ • ] 
(ii) Tranche: 
[ • ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[ • ] percent of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of 
fungible issues only, if applicable) 
6. 
Specified Denominations: 
(In the case of Registered Securities, this 
means the minimum integral amount in which 
transfers can be made) 
[ • ] 
(Specified Denomination for Securities must be at least 
€100,000 (or other currency equivalent). 
If the specified denomination is expressed to be 
€100,000 or its equivalent and multiples of a lower

--- Page 60 ---
60 
principal amount (for example €1,000), insert the 
additional wording as follows: “€100,000 and integral 
multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and 
including [€199,000]. No Securities in definitive form 
will be issued with a denomination above [€199,000].) 
7. 
(i)  
Issue Date: 
(ii)  Interest Commencement Date: 
[ • ] 
[ • ] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed Rate/Zero Coupon – specify date/Floating Rate 
– Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month and year]] 
9. 
Extended Maturity Date 
(See Conditions 4(e) and 6(h)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[The Extended Maturity Date is [•]5. 
10. 
Interest Commencement Date: 
 
(i) 
Period to Maturity Date: 
[Specify date/Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Period from Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
 
[Not Applicable] 
[Maturity Date]6 
11. 
Interest Basis: 
 
(i) 
Period to Maturity Date: 
[[ • ] percent Fixed Rate] 
[SONIA/SOFR/EURIBOR] +/- [ • ] percent Floating 
Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
(ii) 
Period from Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
 
[Not Applicable]/[[ • ] percent Fixed Rate] 
[SONIA/SOFR/EURIBOR] +/- [ • ] percent Floating 
Rate]7 
 
12. 
Redemption Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
[Instalment]8 
13. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]/[Specify the date when any 
fixed to floating rate change occurs or refer to 
paragraphs 15 or 16 below and identify there] 
14. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
 
5 If Extended Maturity Date is applicable, insert the Maturity Date. If Extended maturity Date is not applicable, insert ‘Not Applicable’. 
6 Insert `Not Applicable’ only if Extended Maturity Date does not apply. 
7 State ‘Not Applicable’ unless Extended Maturity Date applies and the Securities are Fixed Rate Securities after the Maturity Date. 
8 Securities which are not listed on a stock exchange or admitted to trading on a regulated market cannot be redeemed above par under the 
Programme.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate Security Provisions: 
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, state “Not Applicable” in the 
relevant subparagraphs below of this paragraph) 
(ii) 
From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If sub-paragraphs (i) and (ii) not applicable, delete the 
remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph)9 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
 
(I) 
To Maturity Date: 
[ • ] percent per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(If payable other than annually, a supplement to the 
Base Prospectus will be required pursuant to Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation) 
(II) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[ • ] percent per annum [payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly] in arrear]. 
(If payable other than annually, a supplement to the 
Base Prospectus will be required pursuant to Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation)10 
(b) Interest Payment Date(s): 
 
(I) 
To Maturity Date: 
[[ • ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date] 
(II) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]11/[[ • ] in each Interest Period up to 
and including the Extended Maturity Date] 
(If payable other than monthly, a supplement to the 
Base Prospectus will be required pursuant to Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
 
(I) 
To Maturity Date: 
[ • ] per [ • ] in nominal amount 
(II) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]12/[ • ]per [ • ] in nominal amount 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
 
(I) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Insert particulars of any initial or final broken interest 
amounts which do not correspond with the Fixed 
Coupon Amount(s)] 
 
9 State `Not Applicable’ unless Extended Maturity Date applies and the Securities are Fixed Rate Securities after the Maturity Date. 
10 State `Not Applicable’ unless Extended Maturity Date applies and the Securities are Fixed Rate Securities after the Maturity Date. 
11 State `Not Applicable’ unless Extended Maturity Date applies and the Securities are Fixed Rate Securities after the Maturity Date. 
12 State `Not Applicable’ unless Extended Maturity Date applies and the Securities are Fixed Rate Securities after the Maturity Date.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
(II) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[Insert particulars of any initial or 
final broken interest amounts which do not correspond 
with the Fixed Coupon Amount(s)]13 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
(I) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) or Actual/Actual or Actual/365 
(Fixed) or Actual/360 or 30/360 or 360/360 or Bond 
Basis or 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis or 30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
(II) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[Actual/Actual (ICMA) or 
Actual/Actual or Actual/365 (Fixed) or Actual/360 or 
30/360 or 360/360 or Bond Basis or 30E/360 or 
Eurobond Basis or 30E/360 (ISDA)]14 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
 
(I) 
To Maturity Date: 
[ • ] in each year [Insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring Issue Date or Maturity Date in the case of a 
long or short first or last Coupon 
NB – Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(II) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[ • ] in each year 
(Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring Issue 
Date or Maturity Date in the case of a long or short 
first or last Coupon 
NB – This will need to be amended in the case of 
regular interest periods which are not of equal duration 
NB – Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))15 
16. 
Floating Rate Security Provisions: 
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, state “Not Applicable“ in the 
relevant subparagraphs below of this paragraph) 
(ii) 
From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If sub-paragraphs (i) and (ii) not applicable, delete the 
remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph)16 
(a) 
Interest Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
 
(I) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Interest Periods: [ • ] 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: [ • ]] 
(II) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [ • ]17 
[Interest Periods: [ • ] 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: [ • ]] 
 
13 State `Not Applicable’ unless Extended Maturity Date applies and the Securities are Fixed Rate Securities after the Maturity Date. 
14 State `Not Applicable’ unless Extended Maturity Date applies and the Securities are Fixed Rate Securities after the Maturity Date. 
15 State `Not Applicable’ unless Extended Maturity Date applies and the Securities are Fixed Rate Securities after the Maturity Date. 
16 State `Not Applicable’ unless Extended Maturity Date applies and the Securities are Floating Rate Securities after the Maturity Date. 
17 State `Not Applicable’ unless Extended Maturity Date applies and the Securities are Floating Rate Securities after the Maturity Date.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
 
(I) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(II) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[Floating Rate Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention]18 
(c) 
Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
 
(I) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[ • ] 
(II) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[ • ]19 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) is to be 
determined: 
 
(I) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
(II) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA 
Determination]20 
(e) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the 
Principal Paying Agent): 
 
(I) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[ • ] 
(II) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
 
[Not Applicable]/[ • ]21 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable – Term Rate]/[Applicable – 
SONIA]/[Applicable – SOFR]  
(I) 
To Maturity Date: 
 
– Reference Rate: 
[SONIA Compounded Index Rate / SONIA Compounded 
Daily Reference Rate [with Observation Shift] / [with Lag] 
where “p” is: [specify number] London Business Days 
[being no less than 5 London Business Days]] 
[SOFR Compounded Index Rate / SOFR Compounded 
Daily Reference Rate [with Observation Shift] / [with Lag] 
where “p” is: [specify number] U.S. Government 
 
18 State `Not Applicable’ unless Extended Maturity Date applies and the Securities are Floating Rate Securities after the Maturity Date. 
19 State `Not Applicable’ unless Extended Maturity Date applies and the Securities are Floating Rate Securities after the Maturity Date. 
20 State `Not Applicable’ unless Extended Maturity Date applies and the Securities are Floating Rate Securities after the Maturity Date. 
21 State `Not Applicable’ unless Extended Maturity Date applies and the Securities are Floating Rate Securities after the Maturity Date.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
Securities Business Days [being no less than 5 U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days]] 
[EURIBOR] 
[Insert other applicable reference rates included in terms 
and conditions]  
(If other, a supplement to the Base Prospectus is required 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and 
fallback provisions required for in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities). 
– Interest 
Determination Date(s): 
[[ • ] (Second day on which the T2 System is open prior 
to the start of each Interest Period if Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR).] 
[The date which is [“p”] [London][U.S. Government 
Securities] Business Days prior to each Interest 
Payment Date]  
(If other, a supplement to the Base Prospectus is 
required pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation) 
– Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[[ • ] (In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate.)] 
[[Bloomberg Screen Page: SONCINDX] / see pages of 
authorised distributors for SONIA Compounded Index 
Rate] or [Bloomberg Screen Page: SONIO/N Index] / 
SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate as 
applicable][●]  
(If it is not such a page, a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus is required pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation) 
– Relevant Fallback 
Screen Page: 
[[Bloomberg Screen Page: SONIO/N Index] / see pages 
of authorised distributors for SONIA Compounded 
Daily Reference Rate as applicable][●]] 
(If it is not such a page, a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus is required pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation) 
(II) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
 
[Not Applicable]22 
– Reference Rate: 
[SONIA Compounded Index Rate / SONIA Compounded 
Daily Reference Rate [with Observation Shift] / [with Lag] 
where “p” is: [specify number] London Business Days 
[being no less than 5 London Business Days]] 
[SOFR Compounded Index Rate / SOFR Compounded 
Daily Reference Rate [with Observation Shift] / [with Lag] 
 
22 State `Not Applicable’ unless Extended Maturity Date applies and the Securities are Floating Rate Securities after the Maturity Date.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
where “p” is: [specify number] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days [being no less than 5 U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days]] 
[EURIBOR] 
[Insert other applicable reference rates included in terms 
and conditions]  
(If other, a supplement to the Base Prospectus is required 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and 
fallback provisions required for in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities). 
– Interest 
Determination Date(s): 
[[ • ] (Second day on which the T2 System is open prior 
to the start of each Interest Period if Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR).] 
[The date which is [“p”] [London][U.S. Government 
Securities] Business Days prior to each Interest 
Payment Date]  
(If other, a supplement to the Base Prospectus is 
required pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation) 
– Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[[ • ] (In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate.)] 
[[Bloomberg Screen Page: SONCINDX] / see pages of 
authorised distributors for SONIA Compounded Index 
Rate] or [Bloomberg Screen Page: SONIO/N Index] / 
SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate as 
applicable][●]  
(If it is not such a page, a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus is required pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation) 
– Relevant Fallback 
Screen Page: 
[[Bloomberg Screen Page: SONIO/N Index] / see pages 
of authorised distributors for SONIA Compounded 
Daily Reference Rate as applicable][●]] 
(If it is not such a page, a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus is required pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation) 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
(I) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] 
– Floating Rate Option: 
[ • ] 
– Designated Maturity: 
[ • ] 
– Reset Date: 
[ • ]

--- Page 66 ---
66 
– Compounding:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining items of this subparagraph) 
– Compounding 
Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [[•] / 
Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [[•]/Applicable Business 
Days]] 
(The number of applicable business days for each 
compounding method if not specified shall be five, unless 
otherwise agreed with the calculation agent.) 
– Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining items of this subparagraph) 
– Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[[•]/Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [[•]/Applicable Business 
Days]] 
(The number of applicable business days for each 
averaging method if not specified shall be five, unless 
otherwise agreed with the calculation agent.) 
– Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining items of this subparagraph)

--- Page 67 ---
67 
– Index Method: 
[Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [[•] / 
Not Applicable]] 
(The number of applicable business days for each index 
method if not specified shall be five, unless otherwise 
agreed with the calculation agent.) 
(II) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
 
[Not Applicable]23 
– Floating Rate Option: 
[ • ] 
– Designated Maturity: 
[ • ] 
– Reset Date: 
[ • ] 
Compounding:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining items of this subparagraph) 
– Compounding 
Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [[•] / 
Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [[•]/Applicable Business 
Days]] 
(The number of applicable business days for each 
compounding method if not specified shall be five, unless 
otherwise agreed with the calculation agent.) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining items of this subparagraph) 
– Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
 
23 State `Not Applicable’ unless Extended Maturity Date applies and the Securities are Floating Rate Securities after the Maturity Date.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[[•]/Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [[•]/Applicable Business 
Days]] 
(The number of applicable business days for each 
averaging method if not specified shall be five, unless 
otherwise agreed with the calculation agent.) 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining items of this subparagraph) 
Index Method: 
[Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [[•] / 
Not Applicable]] 
(The number of applicable business days for each index 
method if not specified shall be five, unless otherwise 
agreed with the calculation agent.) 
(h) 
Margin(s): 
 
(I) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[+/-] [ • ] percent per annum 
(II) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]24/[+/-] [ • ] percent per annum 
(i) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
 
(I) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] / [ • ] / [0 (zero) percent per annum] 
(II) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
 
[Not Applicable] / [ • ] / [0 (zero) percent per annum]25 
(j) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
 
(I) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[ • ] percent per annum] 
 
24 State `Not Applicable’ unless Extended Maturity Date applies and the Securities are Floating Rate Securities after the Maturity Date. 
25 State `Not Applicable’ unless Extended Maturity Date applies and the Securities are Floating Rate Securities after the Maturity Date.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
(II) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
 
[Not Applicable]/[[ • ] percent per annum]26 
(k) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
(I) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
Actual/Actual 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/360 
30/360 
360/360 
Bond Basis 
30E/360 
Eurobond Basis 
 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(II) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]27 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
Actual/Actual 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/360 
30/360 
360/360 
Bond Basis 
30E/360 
Eurobond Basis 
 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Security Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[ • ] percent per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[ • ] 
(iii) Day Count Fraction in relation to 
late payment: 
[Condition 6(g) applies] 
(consider applicable day count fraction if not US dollar 
denominated) 
 
26 State `Not Applicable’ unless Extended Maturity Date applies and the Securities are Floating Rate Securities after the Maturity Date. 
27 State `Not Applicable’ unless Extended Maturity Date applies and the Securities are Floating Rate Securities after the Maturity Date.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[ • ] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount of 
each Security: 
[ • ] per Security of [ • ] Specified Denomination 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
[Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[ • ] 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[ • ] 
(iv) 
Notice period (if not set out in the 
Conditions): 
 
[ • ] 
(NB – where the Notice Period is to be set out in the 
Final Terms, the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and 
the Principal Paying Agent) 
19. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[ • ] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount of 
each Security: 
[ • ] per Security of [ • ] Specified Denomination 
(iii) Notice period (if not set out in the 
Conditions): 
[ • ] 
(NB – where the Notice Period is to be set out in the 
Final Terms, the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and 
the Principal Paying Agent) 
20. 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
of 
each  
Security: 
[ • ] per Security of [ • ] Specified Denomination 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SECURITIES 
21. 
Form of Securities, Issue Procedures and 
Clearing Systems: 
[Bearer Securities: 
[Temporary Bearer Global Security  
exchangeable for a Permanent Bearer Global Security

--- Page 71 ---
71 
which is exchangeable for Definitive Bearer Securities 
only upon an Exchange Event] 
[Permanent Bearer Global Security exchangeable for 
Definitive Bearer Securities only upon an Exchange 
Event]] 
 
[Registered Securities: 
[Registered Global Security ([ • ] nominal amount) 
registered in the name of a nominee of, and deposited 
with, [a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg / a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] which is 
exchangeable for definitive Registered Securities only 
upon an Exchange Event.] 
[Registered Securities in definitive form]  
(Specify nominal amounts)] 
22. 
(i) 
New Global Note: 
(ii) 
New Safekeeping Structure:  
[Yes/No]28 
[Yes/No]29 
[If yes to (b), include the following: Record Date: the 
relevant due date for payment minus one business day 
(being for this purpose a day on which each of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as applicable) is open for 
business). See Condition 5(d).] 
23. 
Green Securities:  
 
[(i)]  
[Reviewer(s):] 
 
[(ii)]  
[Date 
of 
Second 
Party 
Opinion(s):] 
[Yes] [No] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
[Name of sustainability rating agencies and name of third 
party assurance agent, if any and details of compliance 
opinion(s) and availability] 
[Give details] 
24. 
Social Securities:  
 
[(i)]  
[Reviewer(s):] 
 
[(ii)]  
[Date 
of 
Second 
Party 
Opinion(s):] 
[Yes] [No] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
[Name of sustainability rating agencies and name of third 
party assurance agent, if any and details of compliance 
opinion(s) and availability] 
[Give details] 
25. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(note that this item relates to the date and place of 
 
28 Bearer Global Securities intended to constitute eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary operations must be issued in New Global Note 
form. 
29 Registered Global Securities intended to constitute eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary operations must be issued under the New 
Safekeeping Structure.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
payment and not Interest Period end dates to which item 
19(c) relates) 
26. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Bearer Securities (and dates on 
which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. As the Securities have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are left.] 
27. 
Details relating to Instalment Securities: 
(i) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
(ii) 
Instalment Date(s): 
 
[Not Applicable/[ • ]] 
[Not Applicable/[ • ]] 
28. 
Whether Condition 5(h) applies: 
[Condition 5(h) applicable/Condition 5(h) not applicable] 
(Condition 5(h) relates to Registered Securities in 
definitive form only) 
29. 
Overcollateralisation Percentage for the 
purposes of Condition 11(c): 
[Insert percentage, e.g. 105 percent] 
[USE OF PROCEEDS 
Give details if different from the “Use of Proceeds” section in the Base Prospectus] 
[LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING APPLICATION 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required to issue, list and admit to trading the Securities described 
herein pursuant to the €20,000,000,000 Mortgage Covered Securities Programme of AIB Mortgage Bank u.c..] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts the responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [[ • ] has been extracted 
from [•]. The Issuer confirms that such additional information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as 
it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [•], no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading]. 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: 
 
By: 
Duly authorised: 
 
Duly authorised: 
Date of Final Terms: [ • ] 
 
Date of Final Terms: [ • ]

--- Page 73 ---
73 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin 
/None] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer to the Irish 
Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin for the 
Securities to be admitted to the Official List and trading 
on its regulated market with effect from [ • ]]/[Not 
Applicable.] 
(iii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[ • ]/[Not Applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Securities to be issued [have been/are expected to be] 
rated:]  
[The following ratings reflect the ratings allocated to 
Securities of this type issued under the €20,000,000,000 
Mortgage Covered Securities Programme generally:] 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited: [ • ]] 
[Moody’s Investors Service Limited: [ • ]] 
[[Insert legal name of other credit rating agency]: [●]] 
[Where the Securities are to be rated by S&P or Moody’s 
and / or another credit rating agency or agencies (each a, 
“CRA”), insert one (or more) of the following options, as 
applicable:  
Option 1: CRA is (i) established in the EU and (ii) 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation: 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EU and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the “EU CRA 
Regulation”).  
[Include details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established and registered in the UK or 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation].  
Option 2: CRA is (i) established in the EU, (ii) not 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation but (iii) has 
applied for registration: 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EU and has applied 
for registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the 
“EU CRA Regulation”) although notification of the 
registration decision has not yet been provided.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
[Include details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established and registered in the UK or 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation] 
Option 3: CRA is (i) established in the EU and (ii) has not 
applied for registration and is not registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation: 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EU and is neither 
registered nor has it applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the “EU CRA 
Regulation”). 
[Include details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established and registered in the UK or 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation] 
Option 4: CRA is established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation: 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”). 
[Include details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established and registered in the EEA or 
certified under the EU CRA Regulation] 
Option 5: CRA is not established in the EU or the UK but 
the relevant rating is endorsed by another credit rating 
agency which is established and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation and/or under the UK CRA Regulation: 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EU or the UK but 
the rating it has given to the Securities is endorsed by 
[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the [EU and registered under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 (the “EU CRA Regulation”)] [and] 
[UK and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”)]. 
Option 6: CRA is not established in the EU or the UK and 
the relevant rating is not endorsed under the EU CRA 
Regulation and/or the UK CRA Regulation, but the CRA 
is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or the UK 
CRA Regulation: 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EU or the UK but 
is certified under [Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the “EU 
CRA Regulation”)] [and] [Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the

--- Page 75 ---
75 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”)]. 
Option 7: CRA is neither established in the EU or the UK 
nor certified under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation and the relevant rating is not endorsed 
under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA 
Regulation: 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EU or the UK 
and is not certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 
(the “EU CRA Regulation”) or the Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK 
CRA Regulation”) and the rating it has given to the 
Securities is not endorsed by a credit rating agency under 
the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation.. 
[No assurance can be given that such rating[s] will be 
[obtained and/or] retained.] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Securities of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating.) 
3. 
NOTIFICATION 
 
[The Central Bank of Ireland [has been requested to 
provide/has provided – include first alternative for an issue 
which is contemporaneous with the update of the 
Programme and the second alternative for subsequent 
issues] the [names of competent authorities of host member 
states of the European Economic Area] with a certificate of 
approval attesting that the Base Prospectus has been drawn 
up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation and the 
EU Prospectus Regulation. 
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND 
LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN 
THE ISSUE 
 
Save for any fees payable to the Dealers, so far as the 
Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the 
Securities has an interest material to the offer. The Dealers 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future 
engage, in investment banking and/or commercial 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the 
Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] 
(Amend as appropriate if there are other interests 
including a conflict of interest, that are material to the 
issue, detailing the person involved and the nature of the 
interest. Consider whether such matters constitute 
‘significant new factors’ and consequently trigger the need 
for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of 
the Prospectus Regulation).

--- Page 76 ---
76 
5. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[ • ] 
 
(See [“Use of Proceeds”] wording in Base Prospectus – if 
reasons for offer different from making profit and/or 
hedging certain risks exist, will need to include those 
reasons here.) 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[ • ] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use – will need 
to split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses – state amount and 
sources of other funding.) 
6. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Securities only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[ • ] 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[ • ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[ • ] 
(iii) CFI Code 
(iv) 
FISN Code 
 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking SA and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable][ • ] 
[Not Applicable][ • ] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or 
available, it/they should be specified to be “Not 
Applicable”) 
 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) Name(s) and address(es) of initial 
Paying Agent(s): 
[ • ] 
(viii) Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[ • ] 
(ix) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means  
that the Securities are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the international central securities depositaries 
(“ICSDs”) as common safekeeper [(and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered Securities] and 
does not necessarily mean that the Securities will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during their life.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] /  
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Securities 
are capable of meeting them the Securities may then be 
deposited with one of the international central securities 
depositaries (“ICSDs”) as common safekeeper [(and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper,][include this text for 
registered securities]. Note that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Securities will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]]  
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(a) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated / Non-Syndicated] 
(b) 
If syndicated, names of Dealers: 
[Not Applicable/give names and addresses of relevant 
Dealers] 
(c) 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[Not Applicable/[ • ]] 
(d) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(e) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[[ • ] (if relevant Dealer is not also a permanent Dealer 
under the Programme, include its address)] 
(f) 
US Selling Restrictions 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2] [TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable]] 
(g)  
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Securities clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Securities may constitute “packaged” products and no KID 
will be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(h)     Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Securities clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Securities may constitute “packaged” products and no KID 
will be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.)

--- Page 78 ---
78 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
The following are the Conditions (as defined below) which will be incorporated by reference into each Global 
Security (as defined below) and each definitive Security, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock 
exchange (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and 
agreed, such definitive Security will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The 
applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global 
Security and definitive Security. Reference should be made to “Final Terms for Securities” for a description of 
the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Securities. 
THE SECURITIES (AS DEFINED IN THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS) ARE MORTGAGE 
COVERED SECURITIES ISSUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE ASSET COVERED SECURITIES 
ACT 2001 (AS AMENDED) OF IRELAND (THE “ACT”). THE ISSUER (AS DEFINED IN THESE 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS) HAS BEEN REGISTERED BY THE CENTRAL BANK OF IRELAND 
(THE “CENTRAL BANK”) AS A DESIGNATED MORTGAGE CREDIT INSTITUTION PURSUANT 
TO THE ACT. THE FINANCIAL OBLIGATIONS OF THE ISSUER UNDER THE SECURITIES ARE 
SECURED ON THE COVER ASSETS THAT COMPRISE A COVER ASSETS POOL MAINTAINED 
BY THE ISSUER IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE ACT. 
This Security is one of a Series (as defined below) of mortgage covered securities issued by AIB Mortgage Bank 
u.c.(the “Issuer”) pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below) and the Act.  
References herein to the “Securities” shall be references to the Securities of this Series and shall mean: 
(i) 
in relation to any Securities represented by a global Security (a “Global Security”), units of the lowest 
Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency 
(ii) 
any Global Security; 
(iii) 
any definitive Securities in bearer form (“Bearer Securities”) issued in exchange for a Global Security 
in bearer form; and 
(iv) 
any definitive Securities in registered form (“Registered Securities”) (whether or not issued in exchange 
for a Global Security in registered form). 
The Securities and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an amended and restated agency agreement 
(such agency agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Agency 
Agreement”) dated 19 May 2023 and made between the Issuer and The Bank of New York Mellon, London 
Branch as issuing agent, principal paying agent and (if applicable) calculation agent (together with any successor 
principal paying agent, the “Principal Paying Agent” and together with any additional or successor paying agent, 
the “Paying Agent”) and as transfer agent (the “Transfer Agent”), which expressions shall include any successor 
principal paying agent (including any successor issuing agent or calculation agent or, as applicable, any additional 
or successor transfer agent), and The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch as registrar (the 
“Registrar”, which expression shall include any successor registrar). 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Securities have interest coupons (“Coupons”) and, if indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms, talons for further Coupons (“Talon”) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons 
shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Definitive Bearer 
Securities repayable in instalments have receipts (“Receipts”) for the payment of the instalments of principal 
(other than the final instalment) attached on issue. Registered Securities and Global Securities do not have 
Coupons, Receipts or Talons attached on issue. 
The Final Terms for this Security (or the relevant provisions thereof) is attached to or endorsed on this Security 
and completes these Terms and Conditions (collectively, these “Conditions” and, individually, a “Condition”). 
References to the “applicable Final Terms” are to the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached 
to or endorsed on this Security. 
Any reference to “Security holders” or “holders of the Securities”  in relation to any Securities shall mean (in 
the case of Bearer Securities) the holders of the Securities and (in the case of Registered Securities) the persons 
in whose name the Securities are registered and shall, in relation to any Securities represented by a Global

--- Page 79 ---
79 
Security, be construed as provided below. Any reference herein to “Receiptholders” shall mean the holders of 
Receipts. Any reference herein to “Couponholders” shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the 
context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, “Tranche” means Securities which are identical in all respects (including as to listing) and 
“Series” means a Tranche of Securities together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Securities which are (i) 
expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects (including as to listing) 
except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates, interest amounts/rates in respect of the 
first Interest Period and/or Issue Prices. 
The Security holders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant 
(the “Deed of Covenant”) dated 19 May 2023 and made by the Issuer. The original of the Deed of Covenant is 
held by the Common Depositary or, as the case may be, the common service provider, for Euroclear (as defined 
below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection during normal business 
hours at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent and the Registrar (such Paying Agent and the Registrar 
being together referred to as the “Agents”). Copies of the applicable Final Terms are obtainable during normal 
business hours at the specified office of each of the Agents save that, if this Security is an unlisted Security of any 
Series, the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Security holder holding one or more unlisted 
Securities of that Series and such Security holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant 
Agent as to its holding of such Securities and identity. The Security holders, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements 
in these Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in these Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated 
and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, 
the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
As used herein, “outstanding” means in relation to the Securities all the Securities issued other than: 
(a) 
those Securities which have been redeemed and cancelled pursuant to these Conditions; 
(b) 
those Securities in respect of which the date for redemption under these Conditions has occurred and the 
redemption moneys (including all interest (if any) accrued to the date for redemption and all interest (if 
any) payable under these Conditions after that date) have been duly paid to or to the order of the Principal 
Paying Agent in the manner provided in the Agency Agreement (and, where appropriate, notice to that 
effect has been given to the Security holders in accordance with these Conditions) and remain available 
for payment against presentation of the relevant Securities and/or Receipts and/or Coupons as applicable; 
(c) 
those Securities which have been purchased (or otherwise acquired) and cancelled under these 
Conditions; 
(d) 
those Securities which have become prescribed under these Conditions; 
(e) 
those mutilated or defaced Securities which have been surrendered and cancelled and in respect of which 
replacements have been issued pursuant to these Conditions; 
(f) 
(for the purpose only of ascertaining the principal amount of the Securities outstanding and without 
prejudice to the status for any other purpose of the relevant Securities) those Securities which are alleged 
to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which replacements have been issued under these 
Conditions; 
(g) 
a Temporary Global Security to the extent that it has been duly exchanged for the relevant Permanent 
Global Security and a Permanent Global Security to the extent that it has been exchanged for the 
Definitive Bearer Securities in each case under its provisions; and

--- Page 80 ---
80 
(h) 
any Registered Global Security to the extent that it has been exchanged for definitive Registered 
Securities and any definitive Registered Security to the extent that it has been exchanged for an interest 
in a Registered Global Security. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Securities are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, in 
the case of definitive Securities, serially numbered, in the Specified Currency and the Specified 
Denomination(s). Securities of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Securities of 
another Specified Denomination and Bearer Securities may not be exchanged for Registered Securities 
and vice versa. 
Interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Security will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not 
in part, for definitive Securities in bearer form with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and 
talons attached only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event (as defined below). Interests in a 
Registered Global Security will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive 
Registered Securities without interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event. For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means that the Issuer has been notified that 
both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 
14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention 
permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, in any such case, no successor clearing system 
is available. 
In the case of a Security that is a Permanent Bearer Global Security, the Issuer will promptly give notice 
to holders of Securities in accordance with Condition 13 if an Exchange Event occurs and Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such 
Permanent Bearer Global Security or the Issuer) may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting 
exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first 
relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent.  
In the case of a Security that is a Registered Global Security, the Issuer will promptly give notice to 
holders of Securities in accordance with Condition 13 if an Exchange Event occurs and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Registered 
Global Security or the Issuer) may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange. Any such exchange 
shall occur not later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Registrar. 
Securities that are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”) are subject to a minimum denomination of €100,000 (or the equivalent thereof in another 
currency).  
 
Where the Securities are initially issued as Global Securities which have a minimum Specified 
Denomination (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and are available in amounts above that 
minimum Specified Denomination (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) for trading in the Clearing 
Systems but those amounts are not integral multiples of that minimum Specified Denomination and those 
Securities are required to be exchanged into Securities in definitive form upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event, a holder of Securities who, as a result of holding such amounts holds on the relevant 
date for exchange a principal or nominal amount of the Securities which is not an integral multiple of the 
minimum Specified Denomination, shall not be entitled to receive a Security in definitive form in respect 
of the principal or nominal amount of Securities in excess of the principal or nominal amount equal to 
the nearest integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination held by that holder. This Security 
may be a Fixed Rate Security, a Floating Rate Security, a Zero Coupon Security or a combination of any 
of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Where the applicable Final Terms specifies that an Extended Maturity Date applies to a Series of 
Securities, those Securities may be Fixed Rate Securities or Floating Rate Securities in respect of the 
period from the Issue Date up to and including the Maturity Date and Fixed Rate Securities or Floating 
Rate Securities in respect of the period from the Maturity Date up to and including the Extended Maturity 
Date, subject as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
This Security may be an Instalment Security depending upon the Redemption Basis shown in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Bearer Securities are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Securities 
and an Extended Maturity Date is not specified in the applicable Final Terms to the relevant Series of 
Securities, in which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Conditions are not 
applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Securities, Receipts and Coupons will pass by delivery and 
title to the Registered Securities will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions 
of the Agency Agreement. The Issuer and any Agent will (except as otherwise required by law) deem 
and treat the bearer of any Bearer Security, Receipt or Coupon and the registered holder of any Registered 
Security as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of 
ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the 
case of any Global Security, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Securities is represented by a Global Security held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking, SA (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”), each person 
(other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of 
Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Securities 
(in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
to the nominal amount of such Securities standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest or proven error) shall be treated by the Issuer and 
the Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Securities for all purposes other than with 
respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Securities, for which 
purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Security or the registered holder of the relevant 
Registered Global Security shall be treated by the Issuer and any Agent as the holder of such nominal 
amount of such Securities in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Security 
and the expressions “Security holder” and “holder of Securities” and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly. 
Securities which are represented by a Global Security will be transferable only in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED SECURITIES 
(a) 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Securities 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Securities will be effected by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, 
indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of beneficial transferors and transferees of 
such interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Security will, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Securities in definitive form or for a 
beneficial interest in another Registered Global Security only in the authorised denominations set out in 
the applicable Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time 
being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance with the terms 
and conditions specified in the Agency Agreement. 
(b) 
Transfers of Registered Securities in definitive form 
Subject as provided in paragraphs (e) and (f) below, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth 
in the Agency Agreement, a Registered Security in definitive form may be transferred in whole or in part 
(in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms). In order to effect any such 
transfer (i) the holder or holders must (A) surrender the Registered Security for registration of the transfer 
of the Registered Security (or the relevant part of the Registered Security) at the specified office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders 
thereof and the transferee or transferees thereof or, in either case, his or their attorney or attorneys duly

--- Page 82 ---
82 
authorised in writing and (B) complete and deposit such other certifications as may be required by the 
Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent and (ii) the Registrar or, as the case may be, 
the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title 
and the identity of the person making the request. Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable 
regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial such regulations 
being set out in schedule 7 to the Agency Agreement). Subject as provided above, the Registrar or, as the 
case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within three business days (being for this purpose a day 
on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar or, as the case 
may be, the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as may be required 
to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure 
the authentication and delivery of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) 
send by uninsured mail, to such address as the transferee may request, a new Registered Security in 
definitive form of a like aggregate nominal amount to the Registered Security (or the relevant part of the 
Registered Security) transferred. In the case of the transfer of part only of a Registered Security in 
definitive form, a new Registered Security in definitive form in respect of the balance of the Registered 
Security not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent to the 
transferor. 
(c) 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Securities under Condition 6, the Issuer shall not be required to 
register the transfer of any Registered Security, or part of a Registered Security, called for partial 
redemption. 
(d) 
Costs of registration 
Security holders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of 
transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular uninsured 
mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax 
or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
(e) 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Securities 
Prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, transfers by the holder of, or of a 
beneficial interest in, a Registered Global Security may not be made to a transferee in the United States 
or who is a US person. 
(f) 
Exchanges and transfers of Registered Securities generally 
Holders of Registered Securities in definitive form may exchange such Securities for interests in a 
Registered Global Security of the same type at any time. 
(g) 
Definitions 
In this Condition, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
“Distribution Compliance Period” means the period that ends 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of each Tranche of Securities, as certified by the relevant Dealer (in the case of a non-
syndicated issue) or the relevant Lead Dealer (in the case of a syndicated issue); 
“Regulation S” means Regulation S under the Securities Act; 
“Registered Global Security” means a Global Security in registered form representing Securities sold 
outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S; and 
“Securities Act” means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
3. 
STATUS OF THE SECURITIES 
The Securities and any related Coupons constitute the direct, unconditional and senior obligations of the 
Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves. The Securities are mortgage covered securities issued in 
accordance with the Asset Covered Securities Act 2001 (as amended) of Ireland, (the “Act”), are secured 
on cover assets that comprise a cover assets pool maintained by the Issuer in accordance with the terms 
of the Act, and rank pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer under mortgage covered securities 
issued or to be issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Act. 
4. 
INTEREST 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Securities 
Each Fixed Rate Security bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date (“Interest Commencement Date”) at the rate(s) per annum equal to the 
Rate(s) of Interest (“Rate(s) of Interest”), as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Subject as provided 
in Condition 4(e), interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to 
(and including) the Maturity Date. 
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment 
Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed 
Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in these Conditions, “Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment 
Date. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than a Fixed Interest Period, such interest shall 
be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum by 
the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant 
Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in accordance with 
this Condition 4(a): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A)  
in the case of Securities where the number of days in the relevant period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the 
“Accrual Period”) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(B)  
in the case of Securities where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by 
the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of

--- Page 84 ---
84 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year;  
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls 
in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  [360 x (Y2 - Y1 )] + [30 x (M2 – M1)] + (D2 - D1) 
360 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 
is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;  
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  [360 x (Y2 - Y1 )] + [30 x (M2 – M1)] + (D2 - D1) 
360 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 85 ---
85 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; and 
(vii) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  [360 x (Y2 - Y1 )] + [30 x (M2 – M1)] + (D2 - D1) 
360 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the 
final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Securities 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Security bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from 
(and including) the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in 
arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; or

--- Page 86 ---
86 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest 
Payment Date, an “Interest Payment Date”) which falls the number of 
months or other period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable 
Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the 
first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, 
in these Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date 
(or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there 
is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest 
Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall 
on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified 
is: 
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 4(b)(i)(B) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest 
Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business 
Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (B) below shall apply mutatis 
mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent 
Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls 
the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date 
occurred; or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment 
Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest 
Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day; or 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, “Business Day” means a day which is both: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the Additional Business Centre(s) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(B) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than 
euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of 
the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than any Additional 
Business Centre(s) and which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars 
or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) or (2) in 
relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the real time gross

--- Page 87 ---
87 
settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor system (the 
“T2 System”) is open. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Securities 
will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Securities 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes 
of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Period means a rate 
equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Principal Paying 
Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Principal Paying Agent 
were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of 
an agreement incorporating the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Securities (the “ISDA 
Definitions”) and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period equal to that Interest Period, 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (i) if the applicable Floating Rate 
Option is based on the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate 
(EURIBOR), the first day of that Interest Period or (ii) in any other 
case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or, if not so 
specified, the relevant Reset Date has the meaning given to it in the 
ISDA Definitions; and 
(4) 
if the Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, 
Compounding is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and: 
(i) 
if Compounding with Lookback is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the applicable Final Terms then 
(a) Compounding with Lookback is the Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method and (b) Lookback is the number of 
Applicable Business Days specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, provided that the number of Applicable Business 
Days, if no such number is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, shall be five; 
(ii) 
if Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified 
as the Compounding Method in the applicable Final Terms 
then (a) Compounding with Observation Period Shift is 
the 
Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding 
Method, 
(b) 
Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation 
Period Shift Business Days specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, provided that the number of Observation 
Period Shift Business Days, if no such number is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, shall be five and (c) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if

--- Page 88 ---
88 
applicable, are the days specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(iii) 
if Compounding with Lockout is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the applicable Final Terms then 
(a) Compounding with Lockout is the Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method, (b) Lockout is the number of 
Lockout Period Business Days specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, provided that the number of Lockout Period 
Business Days, if no such number is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, shall be five and (c) Lockout 
Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
(5) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option, Averaging is specified to be applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging 
Method in the applicable Final Terms then (a) Averaging 
with Lookback is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method 
and (b) Lookback is the number of Applicable Business 
Days specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided 
that the number of Applicable Business Days, if no such 
number is specified in the applicable Final Terms, shall be 
five; 
(ii) 
if Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as 
the Averaging Method in the applicable Final Terms then 
(a) Averaging with Observation Period Shift is the 
Overnight Rate Averaging Method, (b) Observation 
Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift 
Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided that the number of Observation Period Shift 
Business Days, if no such number is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, shall be five and (c) Observation 
Period Shift Additional Business Days, if applicable, are 
the days specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging 
Method in the applicable Final Terms then (a) Averaging 
with Lockout is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method, (b) 
Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business Days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that the 
number of Lockout Period Business Days, if no such 
number is specified in the applicable Final Terms, shall be 
five and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, 
are the days specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(6) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate 
Option and Index Provisions are specified to be applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Compounded Index Method with 
Observation Period Shift shall be applicable and, (a) Observation 
Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business 
Days specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that the 
number of Observation Period Shift Business Days, if no such 
number is specified in the applicable Final Terms, shall be five and 
(b) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if 
applicable, are the days specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
For the purposes of this Condition 4(b)(ii)(A), references in the ISDA 
Definitions to: 
(i) 
“Confirmation” shall be read as references to the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(ii) 
“Calculation Period” shall be read as references to the relevant 
Interest Period; 
(iii) 
“Termination Date” shall be read as references to the Maturity Date; 
and 
(iv) 
“Effective Date” shall be read as references to the Interest 
Commencement Date, 
and unless otherwise defined capitalised terms used in this Condition 
4(b)(ii)(A) shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the ISDA Definitions. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Securities – Term Rates 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and unless the 
Reference Rate in respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Securities is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being “SONIA” or “SOFR”, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below and 
subject to Condition 4(c) below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 
a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest Determination 
Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or, where 
the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation 
Agent so specified. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on 
the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such 
highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is 
more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Principal Paying Agent for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) or, as applicable the relevant 
Calculation Agent of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of clause (1) 
above, no offered quotation appears or, in the case of clause (2) above, fewer 
than three offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, 
the Principal Paying Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks to 
provide the Principal Paying Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the 
Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more 
of the Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent with offered 
quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic 
mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference 
Banks provides the Principal Paying Agent with an offered quotation as 
provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Principal Paying Agent 
determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as 
communicated to (and at the request of) the Principal Paying Agent by the 
Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to 
that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in 
the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) plus or 
minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the 
Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent with offered rates, the 
offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is 
or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the 
Principal Paying Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-
bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot 
be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, 
the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period 
in place of the margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
For the purposes of these provisions, “Reference Banks” means, in the case 
of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four major 
banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Issuer 
in consultation with the Principal Paying Agent. 
 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Securities referencing 
Compounded SONIA 
(A) 
SONIA Compounded Index Rate 
Where (i) Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined; (ii) the 
Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SONIA; 
and (iii) SONIA Compounded Index Rate is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject to Condition 4(c), be the SONIA Compounded Index Rate determined 
as follows: 
“SONIA Compounded Index Rate” means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment during the 
SONIA Observation Period relating to such Interest Period (with the daily 
Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, as follows: 
( 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑁𝐷
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑇𝐴𝑅𝑇
−1) × (365
𝑑) 
provided, however, that and subject to Condition 4(c), if the SONIA 
Compounded Index Value is not available in relation to any Interest Period on

--- Page 91 ---
91 
the Relevant Screen Page or on the Bank of England’s website at 
www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such other page or website 
as may replace such page for the purposes of publishing the SONIA 
Compounded Index) for the determination of either or both of SONIA 
Compounded IndexSTART and/or SONIA Compounded IndexEND, the Rate of 
Interest shall be calculated for such Interest Period on the basis of the SONIA 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate as set out in Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)(B) as if 
SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate with Observation Shift had been 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable and the “Relevant 
Screen Page” shall be deemed to be the “Relevant Fallback Screen Page” as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant SONIA Observation 
Period; 
“London Business Day”, means any day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London;  
“p” means, for any Interest Period, the whole number specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is so specified, five) 
representing a number of London Business Days; 
“SONIA Compounded Index” means the index known as the SONIA 
Compounded Index administered by the Bank of England (or any successor 
administrator thereof); 
“SONIA Compounded Index Value” means, in relation to any London 
Business Day, the value of the SONIA Compounded Index as published by 
authorised distributors on the Relevant Screen Page on such London Business 
Day or, if the value of the SONIA Compounded Index cannot be obtained from 
the Relevant Screen Page, as published on the Bank of England’s website at 
www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such other page or website 
as may replace such page for the purposes of publishing the SONIA 
Compounded Index) in respect of such London Business Day; 
“SONIA Compounded IndexEND” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the 
SONIA Compounded Index Value on the last day of the relevant SONIA 
Observation Period; 
“SONIA Compounded IndexSTART” means, in respect of an Interest Period, 
the SONIA Compounded Index Value on the first day of the relevant SONIA 
Observation Period; and 
“SONIA Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the 
period from (and including) the date falling “p” London Business Days prior 
to the first day of such Interest Period (and the first SONIA Observation Period 
shall begin on (and include) the date which is “p” London Business Days prior 
to the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on (but excluding) the date 
which is “p” London Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period (or the date falling “p” London Business Days prior to 
such earlier date, if any, on which the Securities become due and payable). 
(B) 
SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate 
Where (i) Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined; (ii) the 
Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SONIA; 
and (iii) SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject to Condition 4(c), be the SONIA Compounded 
Daily Reference Rate determined as follows:

--- Page 92 ---
92 
“SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate” means, in respect of an 
Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment 
(with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] × 365
𝑑 
where: 
“London Business Day”, “p” and “SONIA Observation Period” have the 
respective meanings set out in Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)(A); 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant: 
(i) 
SONIA Observation Period, where Observation Shift is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being applicable; or 
(ii) 
Interest Period, where Lag is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being applicable; 
“do” is the number of London Business Days in the relevant: 
(i) 
SONIA Observation Period, where Observation Shift is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being applicable; or 
(ii) 
Interest Period, where Lag is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being applicable; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
London Business Day in chronological order from (and including) the first 
London Business Day in the relevant: 
(i) 
SONIA Observation Period, where Observation Shift is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, to (and including) the 
last London Business Day in the relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
or 
(ii) 
Interest Period, where Lag is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being applicable, to (and including) the last London Business Day 
in the relevant Interest Period; 
“ni”, for any London Business Day “i”, means the number of calendar days 
from (and including) such London Business Day “i” up to (but excluding) the 
next following London Business Day; 
“SONIAi” means, in relation to any London Business Day, the SONIA 
reference rate in respect of: 
(i) 
that London Business Day “i”, where Observation Shift is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable; or 
(ii) 
the London Business Day (being a London Business Day falling in 
the relevant SONIA Observation Period) falling “p” London 
Business Days prior to the relevant London Business Day “i”, where 
Lag is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable; 
and 
the “SONIA reference rate”, in respect of any London Business Day, is a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) 
rate for such London Business Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA 
to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page 
on the next following London Business Day or, if the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, as published by authorised distributors on such next following

--- Page 93 ---
93 
London Business Day or, if SONIA cannot be obtained from the Relevant 
Screen Page, as published on the Bank of England’s website at 
www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such other page or website 
as may replace such page for the purposes of publishing the SONIA reference 
rate). 
(C) 
Subject to Condition 4(c), where SONIA is specified as the 
Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms and either (i) SONIA 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being applicable or (ii) the SONIA Compounded Index Rate is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being applicable and Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)(B) 
applies, if, in respect of any London Business Day, the SONIA reference rate 
is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or the Relevant Fallback Screen 
Page as applicable (or as otherwise provided in the relevant definition thereof) 
or 
as 
published 
on 
the 
Bank 
of 
England’s 
website 
at 
www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such other page or website 
as may replace such page for the purposes of publishing the SONIA reference 
rate), such Reference Rate shall be: 
(i) 
(1) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing 
at close of business on the relevant London Business Day; plus (2) 
the mean of the spread of the SONIA reference rate to the Bank Rate 
over the previous five days on which the SONIA reference rate has 
been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than 
one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest 
spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those 
lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate, or 
(ii) 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA reference rate 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or as otherwise provided in 
the relevant definition thereof) or (if later) as published on the Bank 
of 
England’s 
website 
at 
www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such other page or 
website as may replace such page for the purposes of publishing the 
SONIA reference rate) for the first preceding London Business Day 
on which the SONIA reference rate was published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or as otherwise provided in the relevant definition 
thereof) or (if later) as published on the Bank of England’s website at 
www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such other page or 
website as may replace such page for the purposes of publishing the 
SONIA reference rate), and 
in each case, SONIAi shall be interpreted accordingly. 
(D) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Securities referencing 
Compounded SOFR 
(A) 
SOFR Compounded Index Rate 
Where (i) Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined; (ii) the 
Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SOFR; and 
(iii) SOFR Compounded Index Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject 
as provided below, be the SOFR Compounded Index Rate determined as 
follows: 
“SOFR Compounded Index Rate” means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment during the SOFR 
Observation Period relating to such Interest Period (with the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, as follows:

--- Page 94 ---
94 
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑁𝐷
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑇𝐴𝑅𝑇
−1) × (360
𝑑) 
provided, however, that, and subject as provided below, if the SOFR 
Compounded Index Value is not available in relation to any Interest Period on 
the SOFR Administrator’s Website for the determination of either or both of 
SOFR Compounded IndexSTART and/or SOFR Compounded IndexEND and a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have not occurred with respect to such SOFR Compounded Index Value, the 
Rate of Interest shall be calculated for such Interest Period on the basis of the 
SOFR Compounded Daily Reference Rate as set out in Condition 
4(b)(ii)(D)(B) as if SOFR Compounded Daily Reference Rate with 
Observation Shift had been specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant SOFR Observation 
Period;  
“p” means, for any Interest Period, the whole number specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is so specified, five) 
representing a number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days; 
“SOFR” means the daily secured overnight financing rate as provided by the 
SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator’s Website; 
“SOFR Administrator” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of SOFR); 
“SOFR Administrator’s Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or any successor source; 
“SOFR Compounded Index” means the index known as SOFR Index 
administered by the SOFR Administrator; 
“SOFR Compounded Index Value” means, in relation to any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, the value of the SOFR Compounded 
Index as published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator’s 
Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day; 
“SOFR Compounded IndexEND” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the 
SOFR Compounded Index Value on the last day of the relevant SOFR 
Observation Period; 
“SOFR Compounded IndexSTART” means, in respect of an Interest Period, 
the SOFR Compounded Index Value on the first day of the relevant SOFR 
Observation Period;  
“SOFR Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the 
period from (and including) the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the first SOFR 
Observation Period shall begin on (and include) the date which is “p” U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Commencement 
Date) and ending on (but excluding) the date which is “p” U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Securities become due and 
payable); and 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a 
Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its

--- Page 95 ---
95 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, if both a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to determining the SOFR Compounded Index Rate, the benchmark 
replacement provisions set forth in Condition 4(b)(ii)(D)(C) below shall apply 
for the purposes of all determinations of the Rate of Interest in respect of the 
Securities. 
(B) 
SOFR Compounded Daily Reference Rate 
Where (i) Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined; (ii) the 
Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SOFR; and 
(iii) SOFR Compounded Daily Reference Rate is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will, subject as provided below, be the SOFR Compounded Daily Reference 
Rate determined as follows: 
“SOFR Compounded Daily Reference Rate” means, in respect of an Interest 
Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate as reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, as follows: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] × 360
𝑑 
where: 
“p”, “SOFR Administrator”, “SOFR Administrator’s Website”, “SOFR 
Observation Period” and “U.S. Government Securities Business Day” 
have the respective meanings set out in Condition 4(b)(ii)(D)(A); 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant: 
(i) 
SOFR Observation Period, where Observation Shift is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being applicable; or 
(ii) 
Interest Period, where Lag is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being applicable; 
“do” is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the 
relevant: 
(i) 
SOFR Observation Period, where Observation Shift is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being applicable; or 
(ii) 
Interest Period, where Lag is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being applicable; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from (and 
including) the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant: 
(i) 
SOFR Observation Period, where Observation Shift is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, to (and including) the 
last U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant SOFR 
Observation Period; or 
(ii) 
Interest Period, where Lag is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being applicable, to (and including) the last U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Period;

--- Page 96 ---
96 
“ni”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”, means the number 
of calendar days from (and including) such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day “i” up to (but excluding) the next following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day; 
“SOFRi” means, in relation to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, 
the SOFR reference rate in respect of: 
(i) 
that U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”, where 
Observation Shift is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable; or 
(ii) 
the U.S. Government Securities Business Day (being a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day falling in the relevant SOFR 
Observation Period) falling “p” U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day “i”, where Lag is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being applicable; and 
the “SOFR reference rate” means, in respect of any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, a rate determined in accordance with the following 
provisions: 
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day that appears on the SOFR 
Administrator’s Website at or about 3.00 p.m. (New York City time) 
on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately 
following such U.S. Government Securities Business Day; and 
(ii) 
if the rate specified in paragraph (i) above does not so appear, unless 
both a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred, then the Calculation Agent shall 
use the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published on the SOFR 
Administrator’s Website for the first preceding U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day on which the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate was published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, if both a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to determining the SOFR Compounded Daily Reference Rate, the 
benchmark replacement provisions set forth in Condition 4(b)(ii)(D)(C) below 
shall apply for the purposes of all determinations of the Rate of Interest in 
respect of the Securities. 
(C) 
Notwithstanding any other provisions in these Conditions, if: 
(i) 
the Benchmark is SOFR; and 
(ii) 
any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to the Benchmark, 
then the following provisions of this Condition 4(b)(ii)(D)(C) shall apply. 
(I) 
Benchmark Replacement 
If the Issuer or its designee determines prior to the Reference Time 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date that a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark 
Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all 
purposes relating to the Securities in respect of all determinations on 
such date and all determinations on all subsequent dates (subject to 
any subsequent application of this Condition 4(b)(ii)(D)(C) with 
respect to such Benchmark Replacement).

--- Page 97 ---
97 
(II)  
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, 
the Issuer or its designee will have the right to make Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Principal 
Paying Agent of an officer’s certificate pursuant to Condition 
4(b)(ii)(D)(C)(IV) and subject as provided below, the Principal 
Paying Agent shall (at the expense of the Issuer), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Securityholders, be 
obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes (including, inter alia, by 
amending the Agency Agreement), provided that the Principal Paying 
Agent shall not be obliged so to concur if in the opinion of the 
Principal Paying Agent doing so would impose more onerous 
obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, 
responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective 
provisions afforded to the Principal Paying Agent in the Agency 
Agreement in any way.  
None of the Calculation Agent, the Principal Paying Agent or any 
Paying Agent shall have any liability for any determination made by 
or on behalf of the Issuer or its designee in connection with a 
Benchmark Transition Event or a Benchmark Replacement. For the 
avoidance of doubt, unless otherwise agreed upon in writing, the 
Calculation Agent, the Principal Paying Agent or any Paying Agent 
shall in no event be the Issuer’s designee. 
(III)  
Decisions and Determinations 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the 
Issuer or its designee pursuant to this Condition 4(b)(ii)(D)(C), 
including (without limitation) any determination with respect to a 
tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of 
an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain 
from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and 
binding absent manifest error, may be made in the Issuer’s or its 
designee’s sole discretion (as applicable), and, notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in these Conditions, shall become effective 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
Securityholders or any other party. 
In connection with any Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes in accordance with this Condition 4(b)(ii)(D)(C), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the 
Securities are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(IV)  
Notice and Certification 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment 
and the specific terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes determined under this Condition 4(b)(ii)(D)(C) will be 
notified at least 10 business days prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent, the 
Principal Paying Agent and the Paying Agents and, promptly 
thereafter, in accordance with Condition 13, the Securityholders. 
Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date 
of the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, if any. 
No later than notifying the Securityholders of the same, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Principal Paying Agent an officer’s certificate:

--- Page 98 ---
98 
(A) 
confirming (a) that a Benchmark Transition Event has 
occurred, (b) the Benchmark Replacement, (c) the 
applicable Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and (d) the 
specific terms of the Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes (if any), in each case as determined in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition 4(b)(ii)(D)(C); and 
(B) 
certifying that the Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes (if any) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Benchmark Replacement and the 
applicable Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
The Principal Paying Agent shall be entitled to rely on such certificate 
(without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The 
Benchmark Replacement, the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment 
and the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (if any) 
specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or 
bad faith in the determination of the Benchmark Replacement, the 
Benchmark 
Replacement 
Adjustment 
and 
the 
Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes (if any) and without prejudice to 
the Principal Paying Agent’s ability to rely on such certificate as 
aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents and the Securityholders. 
(V)  
Definitions 
In this Condition 4(b)(ii)(D)(C):  
“Benchmark” means, initially, SOFR (provided that if a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used in 
the calculation thereof) or any Benchmark which has replaced it in 
accordance with this Condition 4(b)(ii)(D)(C), then the term 
“Benchmark” means the applicable Benchmark Replacement); 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set out in the 
order below that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as at 
the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(A) 
the sum of: (1) the alternative rate of interest that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental 
Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
and (2) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(B) 
the sum of: (1) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (2) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or 
(C) 
the sum of: (1) the alternative rate of interest that has been 
selected by the Issuer or its designee as the replacement for 
the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar denominated 
floating rate securities at such time and (2) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative 
set out in the order below that can be determined by the Issuer or its 
designee as at the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(A) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero), or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, that has been selected or

--- Page 99 ---
99 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(B) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is 
equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, then the ISDA 
Fallback Adjustment; or 
(C) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that has been selected by the Issuer or its 
designee giving due consideration to any industry-accepted 
spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-
current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar denominated 
floating rate securities at such time; 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with 
respect 
to 
any 
Benchmark 
Replacement, 
any 
technical, 
administrative or operational changes (including changes to the 
definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining 
rates and making payments of interest, rounding amounts or tenors, 
and other administrative matters) that the Issuer or its designee 
decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such 
Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with 
market practice (or, if the Issuer or its designee decides that adoption 
of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible 
or if the Issuer or its designee determines that no market practice for 
use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as 
the Issuer or its designee determines is reasonably necessary); 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark 
(including the daily published component used in the calculation 
thereof): 
(A) 
in the case of paragraph (A) or (B) of the definition of 
“Benchmark Transition Event”, the later of (1) the date of 
the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein and (2) the date on which the 
administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely 
ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(B) 
in the case of paragraph (C) of the definition of “Benchmark 
Transition Event”, the date of the public statement or 
publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the 
Reference Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior 
to the Reference Time for such determination; 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or 
more of the following events with respect to the then-current 
Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof): 
(A) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component) announcing that such administrator has ceased 
or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
the time of such statement or publication, there is no

--- Page 100 ---
100 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); 
(B) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the 
currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator 
for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with 
similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), 
which states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or 
such component) has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Benchmark 
(or 
such 
component) 
permanently 
or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(C) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the 
Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
“designee” means an affiliate or any other agent of the Issuer;  
“ISDA Definitions” has the meaning given to it in Condition 
4(b)(ii)(A);  
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which 
may be a positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for 
derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be 
determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with 
respect to the Benchmark;  
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for 
derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be 
effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect 
to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment;  
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the 
Benchmark means (A) if the Benchmark is SOFR, 3:00 p.m. (New 
York City time) or such other time as is reasonably agreed between 
the Issuer or its designee and the Calculation Agent and (B) if the 
Benchmark is not SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer or its 
designee in accordance with the Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes;  
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee 
officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; and 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark 
Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(iii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is less than such

--- Page 101 ---
101 
Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such 
Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is greater than 
such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a 
Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent so specified will at or as soon as practicable 
after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of 
Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Principal Paying Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a 
Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent so specified will calculate the amount of 
interest (the “Interest Amount”)) payable on the Floating Rate Securities in respect 
of each Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount 
shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, 
multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 4(b): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Securities where the number of days in the relevant 
period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date 
(or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the 
relevant payment date (the “Accrual Period”) is equal to or shorter 
than the Determination Period during which the Accrual Period 
ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the 
product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and 
(2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Securities where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum 
of: 
a. 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the Accrual Period begins 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
b. the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year;  
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and

--- Page 102 ---
102 
(B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in 
a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  [360 x (Y2 - Y1 )] + [30 x (M2 – M1)] + (D2 - D1) 
360 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 
is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;  
(vi) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  [360 x (Y2 - Y1 )] + [30 x (M2 – M1)] + (D2 - D1) 
360 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 103 ---
103 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  [360 x (Y2 - Y1 )] + [30 x (M2 – M1)] + (D2 - D1) 
360 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, 
in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30. 
(v) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent, or where the applicable Final Terms specifies a 
Calculation Agent for this purpose, the Calculation Agent so specified will cause the 
Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant 
Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any competent listing authority 
or stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Securities are for the time being 
listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as 
possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business 
Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each competent 
listing authority or stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Securities are 
for the time being listed and to the Security holders in accordance with Condition 13. 
For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression “London Business Day” means a 
day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets 
are open for general business in London. 
(vi) 
Certificates to be final

--- Page 104 ---
104 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations 
and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of 
this Condition 4(b), by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent (if 
applicable) shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, any Calculation Agent, the other 
Agents and all Security holders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful 
default, bad faith or negligence) no liability to the Issuer, the Security holders or the 
Couponholders shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent or any Calculation Agent in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
pursuant to such provisions. 
(c) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
If: (i) the Original Reference Rate is not SOFR; and (ii) a Benchmark Event occurs in relation 
to the Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following 
provisions shall apply (with effect from 30 days prior to the first date when such determination 
is necessary). 
 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
 
The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, to consult with the Issuer in determining a Successor 
Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread and 
any Benchmark Amendments. 
 
In making such determination, the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this 
Condition 4(c) shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner in 
consulting with the Issuer. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser 
shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Principal 
Paying Agent, or the Security holders, and the Issuer shall have no liability to the 
Independent Adviser, the Calculation Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, or the Security 
holders, as applicable, in each case for any determination made by the Issuer and/or or 
for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any determination made by the 
Issuer pursuant to this Condition 4(c). 
 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Issuer fails to 
determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with 
this Condition 4(c) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest 
last determined in relation to the Securities in respect of the immediately preceding 
Interest Period. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest 
shall be the Initial Rate of Interest. Where a different margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the margin or Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period 
shall be substituted in place of the margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period. For the avoidance of 
doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period only 
and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to 
adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4(c). 
 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that: 
 
(1) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable 
Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component

--- Page 105 ---
105 
part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Securities (subject to the 
operation of this Condition 4(c)(ii); or 
 
(2) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest 
(or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all future payments of interest 
on the Securities (subject to the operation of this Condition 4(c)). 
 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
 
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the 
Adjustment Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be). 
 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 4(c) and the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, determines (i) that amendments to the 
these Conditions and/or to the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, being the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in 
accordance with Condition 4(c)(v) below without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of Security holders, vary these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to 
give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such 
notice.  
 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4(c)(iv), the 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Securities are 
for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
 
(v) 
Notices 
 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 4(c) will be notified 
promptly by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent, the Principal Paying Agent and the 
Security holders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date 
of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
 
No later than notifying the Calculation Agent, the Principal Paying Agent and the 
Security holders, the Issuer shall deliver an officer’s certificate: 
 
(A) 
confirming (a) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (b) the Successor Rate 
or, as the case may be, the Alternative Rate, (c) the applicable Adjustment 
Spread and (d) the specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), 
in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition 4(c); and 
 
(B) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in 
either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest 
error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and 
the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the 
Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Principal Paying Agent and the Security holders.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate  
 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under the provisions of this Condition 
4(c), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in the 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(B), as applicable, will continue to apply unless and until a 
Benchmark Event has occurred. 
 
(vii) 
Definitions 
 
In this Condition 4(c), the following expressions have the following meanings:   
 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or 
zero) or (b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case which the 
Issuer, following consultation with an Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner, determines is required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to 
the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances any economic prejudice 
or benefit (as the case may be) to Security holders as a result of the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or 
 
(ii) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Rate) the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, 
determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard 
and/or in customary market usage for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate 
has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be); or 
 
(iii) 
if the Issuer determines that no such industry standard and/or customary 
market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Issuer, in its discretion, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate; 
 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines in accordance with 
Condition 4(c)(ii)(2) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market 
usage in international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining 
floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified 
Currency as the Securities; 
 
“Benchmark Event” means:  
 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 
five Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
 
(ii) 
a public statement being made by the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that it has ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference 
Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate); or 
 
(iii) 
a public statement being made by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will 
be permanently or indefinitely discontinued, or that the Original Reference 
Rate is no longer, or as of a specified date will no longer be, representative

--- Page 107 ---
107 
of an underlying market and/or the economic reality that it is intended to 
measure and such representativeness will not be restored (as determined by 
such supervisor); or 
 
(iv) 
a public statement being made by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference 
Rate will be prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of the 
Securities; or 
 
(v) 
it has or will become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent 
or the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to any Security holder 
using the Original Reference Rate, 
 
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii) and (iv), the Benchmark Event 
shall occur on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate, 
the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, or the prohibition of use of the 
Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, and not the date of the relevant public 
statement; 
 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the 
Issuer; 
 
“Initial Rate of Interest” means the initial rate of interest per annum specified or 
calculated in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and the applicable 
Final Terms; 
 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
on the Securities, or, if applicable, any other successor or alternative rate (or component 
part thereof) determined and applicable to the Securities pursuant to the earlier 
operation of this Condition 4(c); 
 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of 
this Security and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions 
of these Conditions and the applicable Final Terms; 
 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable); or 
 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of 
the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
 
 
(d) 
Accrual of interest 
Subject as provided in Condition 4(e), each Security (or in the case of the redemption of part 
only of a Security, that part only of such Security) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the

--- Page 108 ---
108 
date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation thereof, payment of principal is improperly 
withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier 
of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Security have been paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such Security has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the 
case may be, and notice to that effect has been given to the Security holders in 
accordance with Condition 13. 
(e) 
Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of extension of maturity of the 
Securities up to the Extended Maturity Date 
(i) 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to 
a Series of Securities and the maturity of those Securities is extended beyond the 
Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 6(h), the Securities shall bear interest from 
(and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the earlier of the relevant Interest 
Payment Date after the Maturity Date on which the Securities are redeemed in full or 
the Extended Maturity Date, subject to Condition 4(d). In that event, interest shall be 
payable on those Securities at the rate determined in accordance with Condition 4(e) 
(ii) on the principal amount outstanding of the Securities in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date after the Maturity Date in respect of the Interest Period ending 
immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. The final Interest Payment 
Date shall fall no later than the Extended Maturity Date. 
(ii) 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to 
a Series of Securities and the maturity of those Securities is extended beyond the 
Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 6(h), the rate of interest payable from time 
to time in respect of the principal amount outstanding of the Securities on each Interest 
Payment Date after the Maturity Date in respect of the Interest Period ending 
immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date will be as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and, where applicable, determined by the Principal Paying 
Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, the 
Calculation Agent so specified, two Business Days after the Maturity Date in respect 
of the first such Interest Period and thereafter as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(iii) 
In the case of Securities which are Zero Coupon Securities up to (and including) the 
Maturity Date and for which an Extended Maturity Date is specified under the 
applicable Final Terms, for the purposes of this Condition 4(e) the principal amount 
outstanding shall be the total amount otherwise payable by the Issuer on the Maturity 
Date less any payments made by the Issuer in respect of such amount in accordance 
with these Conditions. 
(iv) 
This Condition 4(e) shall only apply to Securities to which an Extended Maturity Date 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if the Issuer fails to redeem those 
Securities (in full) on the Maturity Date (or within two Business Days thereafter) and 
the maturity of those Securities is automatically extended up to the Extended Maturity 
Date in accordance with Condition 6(h). 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
(a) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an account 
in the relevant Specified Currency (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese Yen to a non-
resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by the payee with, or, at the option 
of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial

--- Page 109 ---
109 
centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian 
dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively); 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, 
by a euro cheque; and 
(iii) 
payments in United States dollars will be made by a transfer to a US dollar account maintained 
by the payee with a bank outside the United States (which expression as used in this Condition 
5, means the United States of America including the State, and District of Columbia, its 
territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction) or by cheque drawn on a 
US bank. In no event will payment be made by a cheque mailed to an address in the United 
States. All payments of interest will be made to accounts outside the United States except as 
may be permitted by United States tax law in effect at the time of such payment without 
detriment to the Issuer. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the 
place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7. 
(b) 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Securities and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Securities will (subject as provided below) be made 
in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of 
part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Bearer Securities, and payments of interest in 
respect of definitive Bearer Securities will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in 
each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as 
used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia, its 
territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of definitive Bearer Securities, other than the 
final instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above 
against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the 
relevant Receipt in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Payment of the final instalment will be 
made in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the 
case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the relevant Bearer Security in accordance with 
the preceding paragraph. Each Receipt must be presented for payment of the relevant instalment together 
with the definitive Bearer Security to which it appertains. Receipts presented without the definitive 
Bearer Security to which they appertain do not constitute valid obligations of the Issuer. Upon the date 
on which any definitive Bearer Security becomes due and repayable, unmatured Receipts (if any) relating 
thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect thereof. 
Fixed Rate Securities in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Securities (as defined below)) 
should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which 
expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), 
failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made 
in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears 
to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted 
will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time 
before the expiry of 12 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8) in respect of such 
principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 8). 
Upon the date on which any Fixed Rate Security in definitive bearer form becomes due and repayable, 
all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be 
issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Security or Long Maturity Security in definitive bearer form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall 
be made in respect thereof. A “Long Maturity Security” is a Fixed Rate Security (other than a Fixed

--- Page 110 ---
110 
Rate Security which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the 
aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Security shall cease to be a Long Maturity Security 
on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that 
date is less than the nominal amount of such Security. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Security is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
(if any) accrued in respect of such Security from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, 
as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the 
relevant definitive Bearer Security. 
(c) 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Securities 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Securities represented by any Global Security in 
bearer form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to 
definitive Bearer Securities and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Security against 
presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Security at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States. On the occasion of each payment: 
(i) 
in the case of any Global Security in bearer form which is not issued in new global note 
(“NGN”) form (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), a record of such payment made 
against presentation or surrender of such Global Security in bearer form, distinguishing between 
any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such Global Security by 
the Paying Agent to which it was presented and such record shall be prima facie evidence that 
the payment in question has been made; and 
(ii) 
in the case of any Global Security in bearer form which is issued in NGN form (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms), the Principal Paying Agent shall instruct Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to make appropriate entries in their records to reflect such payment. 
(d) 
Payments in respect of Registered Securities 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Security (whether or not in global form) will be made 
against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the 
Registered Security at the specified office of the Registrar or any Paying Agent. Such payments will be 
made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named of joint 
holders) of the Registered Security appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Securities 
maintained by the Registrar (the “Register”) at the close of business on the third business day (being for 
this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the 
Registrar is located) before the relevant due date. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if (i) a holder 
does not have a Designated Account or (ii) the principal amount of the Securities held by a holder is less 
than euro €250,000 (or its approximate equivalent in any other Specified Currency), payment will instead 
be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank (as defined below). For 
these purposes, “Designated Account” means the account (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese 
Yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by a holder with a Designated 
Bank and identified as such in the Register and “Designated Bank” means (in the case of payment in a 
Specified Currency other than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such 
Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall 
be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) and (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank which processes 
payments in euro. 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Security (whether or not in global form) will be made 
by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by uninsured mail on the 
business day in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located immediately preceding the 
relevant due date to the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Security appearing 
in the Register at the close of business on the Record Date at his address shown in the Register on the 
Record Date and at his risk. For this purpose, (the “Record Date”) means: 
(i) 
where the Registered Security is in global form, the relevant due date for payment minus one 
business day (being for this purpose a day on which each of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (as applicable) is open for business); and

--- Page 111 ---
111 
(ii) 
where the Registered Security is in definitive form, the fifteenth day (whether or not such 
fifteenth day is a business day) before the relevant due date.  
Upon application of the holder to the specified office of the Registrar not less than three business days 
in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located before the due date for any payment of 
interest in respect of a Registered Security, the payment may be made by transfer on the due date in the 
manner provided in the preceding paragraph. Any such application for transfer shall be deemed to relate 
to all future payments of interest (other than interest due on redemption) in respect of the Registered 
Securities which become payable to the holder who has made the initial application until such time as 
the Registrar is notified in writing to the contrary by such holder. Payment of the interest due in respect 
of each Registered Security on redemption will be made in the same manner as payment of the principal 
amount of such Registered Security. 
Holders of Registered Securities will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay in 
receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Security as a result of a cheque posted in 
accordance with this Condition arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the post. No 
commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders by the Registrar in respect of any payments 
of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Securities. 
None of the Issuer or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records 
relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global 
Securities or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership 
interests. 
(e) 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Security shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Securities represented by such Global Security and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such Global Security in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown 
in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal 
amount of Securities represented by such Global Security must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order 
of, the holder of such Global Security. 
(f) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Security or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant place 
and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, 
“Payment Day” means any day which (subject to Condition 8) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits): 
(A) 
with respect only to Bearer Securities in definitive form, in the relevant place of 
presentation; or 
(B) 
with respect to any form of Securities, in any Additional Financial Centre specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than the place of 
presentation and any Additional Financial Centre and which if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) or (2) in 
relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the T2 System is open.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
(g) 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal in respect of the Securities shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(i) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Securities; 
(ii) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Securities; 
(iii) 
in relation to Securities redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms); and 
(iv) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Securities. 
(h) 
Payments on Registered Securities in definitive form 
In respect of payments on Registered Securities in definitive form, whether made or falling due before 
or during any insolvency or composition proceedings to which the Issuer may be subject, the Issuer, to 
the extent permitted by applicable law and if Condition 5(h) is specified to apply in the applicable Final 
Terms, hereby waives any right of set-off to which it may be entitled as well as the exercise of any pledge, 
right of retention or other rights through which the claims of the Security holder could be prejudiced to 
the extent that such rights belong to the reserved assets (gebundenes Vermögen) of an insurer within the 
meaning of § 54 Insurance Supervisory Act (Verischerungsaufsichtsgesetz) of the Federal Republic of 
Germany in connection with the Ordinance Relating to the Investment of the Committed Assets of 
Insurance 
Companies 
(Verordnung 
über 
die 
Anlage 
des 
gebunden 
Vermögens 
von 
Versicherungsunternehmen) of the Federal Republic of Germany or belong to funds covering the debt 
securities (Deckungsmasse für Schuldverschreibungen) of such insurer established pursuant to German 
law. 
6. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
(a) 
Redemption at maturity 
Subject to Condition 6(h), unless previously redeemed or purchased (or otherwise acquired) and 
cancelled or extended as specified below, each Security will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final 
Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms 
in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date. 
(b) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Security holders in accordance with 
Condition 13; and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the Principal 
Paying Agent and, in the case of a redemption of Registered Securities, the Registrar; 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, all or some only of the Securities then outstanding on any Optional 
Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or determined in the manner 
specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than 
the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount in each case 
as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of Securities, the 
Securities to be redeemed (“Redeemed Securities”) will be selected individually by lot, in the case of 
Redeemed Securities represented by definitive Securities, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion), in the case of

--- Page 113 ---
113 
Redeemed Securities represented by a Global Security, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for 
redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the “Selection Date”). In the case of 
Redeemed Securities represented by definitive Securities, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed 
Securities will be published in accordance with Condition 13 not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed 
for redemption. The aggregate nominal amount of Redeemed Securities represented by definitive 
Securities shall bear the same proportion to the aggregate nominal amount of all Redeemed Securities as 
the aggregate nominal amount of definitive Securities outstanding bears to the aggregate nominal amount 
of the Securities outstanding, in each case on the Selection Date, provided that, such first mentioned 
nominal amount shall, if necessary, be rounded downwards to the nearest integral multiple of the 
Specified Denomination and the aggregate nominal amount of Redeemed Securities represented by a 
Global Security shall be equal to the balance of the Redeemed Securities. No exchange of the relevant 
Global Security will be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and 
including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this paragraph (b) and notice to that effect shall be 
given by the Issuer to the Security holders in accordance with Condition 13 at least five days prior to the 
Selection Date. 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Security holders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Security giving to the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice the Issuer will, 
upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, the terms specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, such Security on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount as specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. Registered Securities 
may be redeemed under this Condition 6(c) in any multiple of their lowest Specified Denomination. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Security the holder of this Security must deliver, at 
the specified office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Securities) or the Registrar (in the case of 
Registered Securities) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case 
may be, the Registrar falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in 
the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the 
case may be, the Registrar (a “Put Notice”) and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if 
payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this 
Condition and, in the case of Registered Securities, the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if 
less than the full nominal amount of the Registered Securities so surrendered is to be redeemed, an 
address to which a new Registered Security in respect of the balance of such Registered Securities is to 
be sent subject to and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 2(b). If this Security is in definitive 
form, the Put Notice must be accompanied by this Security or evidence satisfactory to the Principal 
Paying Agent concerned that this Security will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order 
or under its control. If this Security is represented by a Global Security or is in definitive form and held 
through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this 
Security the holder of this Security must, within the notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying 
Agent or, as applicable, the Registrar of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his instruction by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or, as the case may be, the common 
safekeeper or common service provider, for them to the Principal Paying Agent or, as applicable, the 
Registrar by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from 
time to time and, if this Security is represented by a Global Security, at the same time present or procure 
the presentation of the relevant Global Security to the Principal Paying Agent or, as applicable, Registrar 
for notation accordingly. 
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Security pursuant to this paragraph shall be irrevocable. 
(d) 
Instalments 
Instalment Securities will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
(e) 
Purchases 
The Issuer may at any time purchase or otherwise acquire Securities (provided that, in the case of 
definitive Securities, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased, or 
acquired therewith) at any price and in any manner in the open market or otherwise. Such Securities may 
be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to the Principal Paying Agent or, as 
applicable, the Registrar for cancellation. 
(f) 
Cancellation 
All Securities which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons, 
Receipts and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Securities 
so cancelled and any Securities purchased (or otherwise acquired) and surrendered for cancellation 
pursuant to paragraph (e) above (together with all unmatured Coupons, Receipts and Talons cancelled 
therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent or, as applicable, the Registrar and cannot 
be reissued or resold. 
(g) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Securities 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Security to which Condition 6(h) does not apply, 
upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Security pursuant to paragraph (a), (b) or (c) above is improperly 
withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Security shall be the 
amount calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
RP x (1 + AY) y 
where: 
“RP” means the Reference Price; and 
“AY” means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
“y” is a fraction, the denominator of which is 360 and the numerator of which is equal to the number of 
days (calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Securities to (but excluding) the date which is the 
earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Security have been paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Securities has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar and notice 
to that effect has been given to the Security holders in accordance with Condition 13. 
(h) 
Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date 
(i) 
An Extended Maturity Date may be specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to a 
Series of Securities. 
(ii) 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to a Series 
of Securities and (A) the Issuer fails to redeem all of those Securities in full on the Maturity 
Date or within two Business Days thereafter, or (B) the Central Bank or a manager appointed to 
the Issuer under the Act so directs, the maturity of the Securities and the date on which such 
Securities will be due and repayable for the purposes of these Conditions will be automatically 
extended up to but no later than the Extended Maturity Date, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. In that event, the Issuer may redeem all or any part of the principal amount outstanding 
of the Securities on an Interest Payment Date falling after the Maturity Date up to and including 
the Extended Maturity Date. The Issuer shall give to the Security holders (in accordance with 
Condition 13), the Principal Paying Agent and any other Paying Agents, notice of its intention 
to redeem all or any of the principal amount outstanding of the Securities in full at least five 
Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date or, as applicable, the Extended

--- Page 115 ---
115 
Maturity Date. Any failure by the Issuer to notify such persons shall not affect the validity or 
effectiveness of any redemption by the Issuer on the relevant Interest Payment Date or as 
applicable, the Extended Maturity Date or give rise to rights in any such person.  
(iii) 
In the case of Securities which are Zero Coupon Securities up to (and including) the Maturity 
Date to which an Extended Maturity Date is specified under the applicable Final Terms, for the 
purposes of this Condition 6(h) the principal amount outstanding shall be the total amount 
otherwise payable by the Issuer on the Maturity Date less any payments made by the Issuer in 
respect of such amount in accordance with these Conditions. 
(iv) 
Any extension of the maturity of Securities under this Condition 6(h) shall be irrevocable. 
Where this Condition 6(h) applies, any failure to redeem the Securities on the Maturity Date or 
any extension of the maturity of Securities under this Condition 6(h) shall not constitute an 
event of default for any purpose or give any Security holder any right to receive any payment 
of interest, principal or otherwise on the relevant Securities other than as expressly set out in 
these Conditions. 
(v) 
In the event of the extension of the maturity of Securities under this Condition 6(h), interest 
rates, interest periods and interest payment dates on the Securities from (and including) the 
Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Extended Maturity Date shall be determined and made in 
accordance with the applicable Final Terms and Condition 4(e). 
(vi) 
If the Issuer redeems part and not all of the principal amount outstanding of Securities on an 
Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date, the redemption proceeds 
shall be applied rateably across the Securities and the principal amount outstanding on the 
Securities shall be reduced by the level of that redemption. 
(vii) 
If the maturity of any Securities is extended up to the Extended Maturity Date in accordance 
with this Condition 6(h), subject to otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms, for so 
long as any of those Securities remains in issue, the Issuer shall not issue any further mortgage 
covered securities, unless the proceeds of issue of such further mortgage covered securities are 
applied by the Issuer on issue in redeeming in whole or in part the relevant Securities in 
accordance with the terms hereof. 
(viii) 
The extension of the maturity of Securities under this Condition 6(h) shall not affect the ranking 
of Security holders or of the holders of any other Mortgage Covered Securities issued by the 
Issuer, nor invert the sequencing of the original maturity schedule of a covered bond programme 
(as defined in the Act) of the Issuer. 
(ix) 
This Condition 6(h) shall only apply to Securities to which an Extended Maturity Date is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and if the Issuer fails to redeem those Securities in full 
on the Maturity Date (or within two Business Days thereafter). 
7. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Securities, Receipts and Coupons shall be made 
by or on behalf of the Issuer (including, without limitation, by any Paying Agent) without deduction or 
withholding for or on account of any present or future taxes or other duties of whatever nature levied by 
or on behalf of any jurisdiction, unless the Issuer or such Paying Agent shall be obligated by any 
applicable law, or regulation, practice or agreements thereunder, or official interpretations thereof, or any 
law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto, or by virtue of the relevant holder failing to 
satisfy any certification or other requirements in respect of the Securities, in which event, the Issuer or 
such Paying Agent (as applicable) shall make such payments after such withholding or deduction has 
been made and shall account to the relevant authorities for the amount(s) so withheld or deducted. Neither 
the Issuer nor any Paying Agent will be obliged to make any additional payments in respect of any such 
withholding or deduction imposed.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
8. 
PRESCRIPTION 
To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Bearer Securities, Receipts and Coupons will become void 
unless presented for payment within a period of 12 years from the Relevant Date in respect thereof and 
claims in respect of Registered Securities shall become prescribed unless made within a period of 12 
years from the Relevant Date in respect thereof. Any monies paid by the Issuer to the Registrar or a 
Paying Agent, as the case may be, for the payment of principal or interest with respect to the Securities 
and remaining unclaimed when the Securities, Receipts or Coupons become void or claims in respect 
thereof become prescribed, as the case may be, shall be paid to the Issuer and all liability of the Issuer 
with respect thereto shall thereupon cease. As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of 
any Security means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of 
the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the 
case may be, on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys 
having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Security holders in accordance with 
Condition 13. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon which would 
be void, or the claim for payment in respect of which would be prescribed, pursuant to this Condition or 
Condition 5(b) or any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 5(b). 
9. 
REPLACEMENT OF SECURITIES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Security, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may 
be replaced at the specified office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Securities, Receipts, 
Coupons or Talons) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Securities) upon payment by the claimant 
of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence 
and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Securities, Receipts, Coupons 
or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
10. 
AGENTS 
The names of the initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or 
other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Agent acts, provided 
that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar; and 
(b) 
so long as the Securities are listed on any stock exchange, there will at all times be a Paying 
Agent (in the case of Bearer Securities) and a Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered 
Securities) with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations 
of the relevant stock exchange (or any other relevant authority). 
Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of 
insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days’ prior 
notice thereof shall have been given to the Security holders in accordance with Condition 13. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume 
any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Security holders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent 
is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of 
its assets to become the successor agent.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
11. 
OVERCOLLATERALISATION/PRUDENT MARKET DISCOUNT 
(a) 
Maintenance of Overcollateralisation 
For so long as the Securities are outstanding, the prudent market value (determined in accordance with 
the Act) of the cover assets pool maintained by the Issuer in accordance with the terms of the Act will 
not at any time be less than the then applicable Minimum Overcollateralisation Level. 
(b) 
Minimum Pool Overcollateralisation Level 
For the purposes of this Condition 11, the applicable “Minimum Overcollateralisation Level” at any 
time shall be an amount equal to the Overcollateralisation Percentage of the total aggregate outstanding 
principal amount of all Securities issued under the Programme and any other mortgage covered securities 
of the Issuer in issue at such time. 
(c) 
Overcollateralisation Percentage 
For the purposes of this Condition 11, the “Overcollateralisation Percentage” shall be the 
overcollateralisation percentage specified for the purposes of this Condition 11(c) in the applicable Final 
Terms as applying to the relevant Series of Securities or such other percentage as may be selected by the 
Issuer from time to time and notified to the Issuer’s cover-assets monitor and the Security holders (in the 
case of the latter, in accordance with Condition 13) provided that: 
(i) 
the Overcollateralisation Percentage shall not, for so long as the Securities are outstanding, be 
reduced by the Issuer below the overcollateralisation percentage specified for the purposes of 
this Condition 11(c) in the applicable Final Terms relating to that Series of Securities; and 
(ii) 
without prejudice to (i), the Issuer shall not at any time reduce the then Overcollateralisation 
Percentage which applies for the purposes of this Condition 11(c) if to do so would result in any 
credit rating then applying to the Securities by any credit rating agency appointed by the Issuer 
in respect of the Securities being reduced, removed, suspended or placed on credit watch. 
(d) 
Prudent Market Discount 
For the purposes of the Asset Covered Securities Act 2001 Regulatory Notice (Sections 41(1) and 
41A(7)) 2011 and the Asset Covered Securities Act 2001 (Sections 61(1), 61(2) and 61(3)) Prudent 
Market Discount Regulation 2004 (as either of them may be amended or replaced from time to time), the 
Prudent Market Discount applicable to the Issuer in the case of valuations within the scope of the above 
mentioned regulatory notice and regulation is 0.150 or such other figure as may be selected by the Issuer 
from time to time and notified to the Issuer’s cover-assets monitor and the Security holders (in the case 
of the latter in accordance with Condition 13) provided that: 
(i) 
such Prudent Market Discount shall not for so long as the Securities are outstanding be reduced 
by the Issuer below 0.150; and 
(ii) 
without prejudice to (i) above, the Issuer shall not at any time reduce the then such Prudent 
Market Discount which applies for the purposes of this Condition 11 if to do so would result in 
any credit rating then applying to the Securities by any credit rating agency appointed by the 
Issuer in respect of the Securities being reduced, removed, suspended or placed on credit watch. 
12. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office 
of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does 
not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the 
Security to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 8.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
13. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding Bearer Securities admitted to the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange plc 
trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) and/or admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin will be deemed to be validly given if filed with the Companies Announcement Office 
of Euronext Dublin or published in a leading English language daily newspaper of general circulation in 
Ireland and approved by Euronext Dublin. It is expected that such publication will be made in The Irish 
Times. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication. 
All notices regarding the Registered Securities will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class 
mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint holders) at 
their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given on the second 
day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Securities are listed on a stock exchange 
and the rules of that stock exchange (or any other relevant authority) so require, such notice will be 
published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. 
Until such time as any definitive Securities are issued, there may, so long as any Global Securities 
representing the Securities are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant notice 
to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the Securities 
and, in addition, for so long as any Securities are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of that stock 
exchange (or any other relevant authority) so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper 
of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been given to the holders of the Securities on the seventh day after the day on which the said notice 
was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Security holder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
(in the case of any Security in definitive form) with the related Security or Securities, with the Principal 
Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Securities) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Securities). 
Whilst any of the Securities are represented by a Global Security, such notice may be given by any holder 
of a Security to the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
14. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Security holders, the 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders to create and issue further mortgage covered securities in 
accordance with the Act having terms and conditions the same as the Securities or the same in all respects 
(including as to liability) save for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates, interest 
amounts/rates in respect of the First Interest Period and/or Issue Prices and so that the same shall be a 
Tranche of and consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Securities. 
15. 
GOVERNING LAW, JURISDICTION AND PARTIAL INVALIDITY 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Securities, the Receipts and the Coupons and any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by and shall be 
construed in accordance with the laws of Ireland. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
Any action or other legal proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Securities shall be brought 
in the High Court and the Issuer hereby submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such court. 
(c) 
Partial Invalidity 
Should any provision hereof be or become illegal, invalid, void, unenforceable or inoperable in whole or 
in part, the other provisions shall remain in force.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The Issuer expects to use the net proceeds from the issue of Securities to support the business of the Issuer 
permitted by the ACS Act. If in respect of a particular Tranche of Securities, there is a particular identified use of 
proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer may, in particular, issue Securities as Green 
Securities or Social Securities (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) and in the case of such Securities, an 
amount equal to the net proceeds from the issue of any Tranche of Securities will (subject as set out below) be 
allocated to an Eligible Green Mortgage Portfolio or an Eligible Social Mortgage Portfolio (as defined in either 
Green Bond Framework Overview or Social Bond Framework Overview, as applicable) (each an “Eligible 
Mortgage Portfolio”) and selected in accordance with the criteria set out in Green Bond Framework Overview—
Use of Proceeds and —Process for Project Evaluation and Selection in the case of Green Securities and Social 
Bond Framework Overview—Use of Proceeds and —Process for Project Evaluation and Selection in the case of 
Social Securities). 
Whilst any portion of an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Tranche of Green Securities or Social Securities  
remains unallocated, the Issuer will hold and/or invest, at its own discretion, in the Group treasury liquidity 
portfolio, in cash or other liquid instruments, the balance of an amount equal to the net proceeds not yet allocated 
to the relevant Eligible Mortgage Portfolio, but subject always to the provisions of the ACS Act (see further 
Restrictions on the Activities of an Institution).

--- Page 120 ---
120 
GREEN BOND FRAMEWORK OVERVIEW 
As a bank, the Group has a meaningful contribution to make in addressing many current and emerging societal 
issues. As such, a strategic priority for the Group is to lead Ireland’s response to climate change. Aligned with 
this strategy, the Group established a green bond framework in 2019 (the “Green Bond Framework”). 
This Green Bond Framework sets out how the Group proposes to use an amount equal to the net proceeds of 
Green Bonds in a manner consistent with its sustainable values. The objective of any Green Securities issued by 
the Issuer will be to fund mortgage credit assets that mitigate climate change by reducing emissions, protecting 
ecosystems or otherwise creating a positive environmental impact.  
The Green Bond Framework adheres to the ICMA Green Bond Principles 2021 (including the updated Appendix 
I of June 2022), a set of voluntary guidelines that recommend transparency and disclosure and promote integrity 
in the market by clarifying the approach for issuing a green bond (the “ICMA Green Bond Principles”).  
Use of Proceeds  
At its discretion, but in accordance with the ICMA Green Bond Principles, the Green Bond Framework and the 
requirements of the ACS Act, the Issuer will allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Green Securities 
to an eligible portfolio of new and existing green mortgage credit assets (the “Eligible Green Mortgage 
Portfolio”). The eligible mortgage credit assets, being loans to finance or refinance new or existing 
environmentally-sustainable residential buildings in Ireland, are to be funded in whole or in part by an allocation 
of an amount equal to the net proceeds of the Green Securities.  
Process for Project Evaluation and Selection 
The Group’s Green Bond Framework is prepared by a cross functional working group of relevant business areas 
(the “ESG Bond Working Group”). The loans to be financed and/or refinanced through the proceeds of any 
Green Securities will be evaluated and selected for inclusion in the eligible pool by the Group’s employees based 
on compliance with the eligibility criteria described in Use of Proceeds. The Group has also published a defined 
list of “excluded activities”, as further set out in the Green Bond Framework.  
The eligibility criteria also take into account the EU Taxonomy Regulation and the EU Taxonomy Climate 
Delegated Act on a best effort basis where there are feasible practical applications for the use of proceeds category 
in question, and where there are feasible practical applications in the geographies where the Group’s assets are 
located (in terms of local regulation). 
Management of Proceeds 
Treasury will be responsible for overseeing the management of proceeds and will track the Eligible Green 
Mortgage Portfolio using an internal tracking system. 
The net proceeds from Green Bonds will be managed by the Group in a portfolio approach. The Issuer intends to 
allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds from the Green Securities to an Eligible Green Mortgage Portfolio, 
selected in accordance with the criteria set out in Use of Proceeds and Process for Project Evaluation and 
Selection above. 
The Issuer will strive, over time, to achieve a level of allocation for the Eligible Green Mortgage Portfolio which, 
after adjustments for intervening circumstances including, but not limited to, sales and repayments, matches the 
balance of net proceeds from its outstanding Green Securities. Additional eligible green mortgage credit assets 
will be added to the Eligible Green Mortgage Portfolio to the extent required to ensure that the net proceeds from 
outstanding Green Securities will be allocated to eligible green mortgage credit assets. All redeeming financings 
are removed from the pool and any asset that no longer meets the eligibility criteria will also be removed from the 
Eligible Green Mortgage Portfolio at the earliest opportunity. 
Whilst any portion of an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Tranche of Green Securities remains unallocated, 
the Issuer will hold and/or invest, at its own discretion, in the Group treasury liquidity portfolio, cash or other 
liquid instruments, the balance of an amount equal to the net proceeds not yet allocated to the Eligible Green 
Mortgage Portfolio, but subject always to the provisions of the ACS Act.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
Reporting 
The Issuer intends to publish a report on the allocation of proceeds to the Eligible Green Mortgage Portfolio, as 
well as an impact report, annually at least until full allocation or until maturity. The Group intends to report the 
allocation and impact of the use of proceeds to the Eligible Green Mortgage Portfolio at least at the category level 
and on an aggregated portfolio basis for all of the Group’s Green Bonds (including Green Securities) outstanding.  
The Group intends to align, on a best effort basis, its impact reporting with the portfolio approach described in the 
ICMA “Handbook – Harmonized Framework for Impact Reporting (June 2023).” 
External Review 
The Group has obtained an independent second party opinion from Sustainalytics to assess the alignment of the 
framework with the ICMA Green Bond Principles 2021. In addition, Sustainalytics assessed the alignment of 
AIB’s Green Bond Framework with the EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act. The views in the Sustainalytics 
Second Party Opinion are intended to inform investors in general, and are not for a specific investor. The 
Sustainalytics Second Party Opinion, as well as the Green Bond Framework, are available at 
https://aib.ie/investorrelations/debt-investor/green-bonds. For the avoidance of doubt, the Second Party Opinion 
and the Green Bond Framework are not incorporated into, and do not form part of, this Base Prospectus. Any new 
categories or sub-categories added, or removed, as part of the annual framework review process will be subject to 
external review and will be included in a Second Party Opinion. 
Additionally, the Group may request on an annual basis, starting one year after issuance and until maturity, a 
limited assurance report of the allocation of the Green Bond (including Green Securities) proceeds to eligible 
assets, provided by an external auditor. 
None of the Dealers shall be responsible for (i) any assessment of the Eligible Green Mortgage Portfolio, (ii) any 
verification of whether the Eligible Green Mortgage Portfolio falls within an investor's requirements or 
expectations of a “green” or “sustainable” or equivalently-labelled project or (iii) the ongoing monitoring of the 
use of proceeds in respect of any Green Securities. 
Cover Assets 
 
One of the asset classes used to support the issuance of Green Bonds by members of the Group under the Group’s 
Green Bond Framework are residential mortgage loans secured on assets located in Ireland which are originated 
by the Issuer in accordance with “green” principles as articulated in the Green Bond Framework (“Green 
Mortgages”). 
 
While the composition of the Cover Assets within the Pool (including the requirements as to overcollateralisation) 
is enshrined in the ACS Act which does not, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, legally require the Issuer to 
maintain a minimum quantum of Green Mortgages within the Pool, the Issuer may determine from time to time 
(subject always to compliance with its legal and regulatory requirements) to exclude such Green Mortgages from 
the Pool, to the extent that such assets are utilised by other members of the Group to support the issuance of 
unsecured Green Bonds.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
SOCIAL BOND FRAMEWORK OVERVIEW 
The social bond framework established by the Group (the “Social Bond Framework”) sets out how the Group 
proposes to use an amount equal to the net proceeds of Social Bonds in a manner consistent with its sustainable 
values. The objective of the Social Bonds issued by the Issuer will be to fund projects or assets that provide 
positive societal impact and/or mitigate social problems. 
The Social Bond Framework adheres to the ICMA Social Bond Principles 2021 (including the updated Appendix 
I of June 2022), a set of voluntary guidelines that recommend transparency and promote integrity in the 
development of the sustainable market by clarifying the approach for issuing a social bond (the “Social Bond 
Principles”). 
Use of Proceeds  
At its discretion but in accordance with the Social Bond Principles, the Social Bond Framework and the 
requirements of the ACS Act, the Issuer will allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds of the Social Securities 
to an eligible loan portfolio of new and existing social mortgage credit assets (the “Eligible Social Mortgage 
Portfolio”). The eligible mortgage credit assets are to be funded in whole or in part by an allocation of an amount 
equal to the net proceeds of the Social Securities. Eligible use of proceeds categories include residential mortgage 
credit assets related to: 
• 
Access to healthcare, including healthcare facilities, residential care facilities and “pure-play” companies 
in healthcare;  
• 
Access to education, including education facilities, student housing and “pure-play” companies in 
education;  
• 
Social and affordable financing, including affordable housing organisations, the first home scheme, the 
local authority affordable purchase scheme and the mortgage to rent scheme; 
• 
SMEs financing, including financing SMEs in socio-economically disadvantaged areas and SMEs owned 
by women;  
• 
Support to charities, non-profit organisations, associations, and foundations; and 
• 
Affordable basic infrastructure, including clean drinking water, sewers, sanitation, transport and 
broadband.  
New use of proceeds categories and sub-categories may be added or removed as part of the annual framework 
review process. 
Process for Project Evaluation and Selection  
The Group’s Social Bond Framework is prepared by the ESG Working Group (as defined in Green Bond 
Framework Overview). The loans to be financed and/or refinanced through the proceeds of any Social Securities 
will be evaluated and selected for inclusion in the eligible pool by the Group’s employees based on compliance 
with the eligibility criteria described in —Use of Proceeds. The Group has also published a defined list of 
“excluded activities”, as further set out in the Social Bond Framework. 
Management of Proceeds  
Treasury will be responsible for overseeing the management of proceeds and will track the Eligible Social 
Mortgage Portfolio using an internal tracking system. 
The Group intends to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds from any Social Securities to an Eligible Social 
Mortgage Portfolio, selected in accordance with the criteria set out in —Use of Proceeds and —Process for Project 
Evaluation and Selection above.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
The Issuer will strive, over time, to achieve a level of allocation for the Eligible Social Mortgage Portfolio which, 
after adjustments for intervening circumstances including, but not limited to, sales and repayments, matches the 
balance of net proceeds from its outstanding Social Securities. Additional eligible social projects will be added to 
the Eligible Social Mortgage Portfolio to the extent required to ensure that the net proceeds from outstanding 
Social Securities will be allocated to eligible social mortgage credit assets. All redeeming financings are removed 
from the pool and any asset that no longer meets the eligibility criteria will also be removed from the pool at the 
earliest opportunity. 
Whilst any portion of an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Tranche of Social Securities remains unallocated, 
the Issuer will hold and/or invest, at its own discretion, in the group treasury liquidity portfolio, in cash or other 
liquid instruments, the balance of an amount equal to the net proceeds not yet allocated to the Eligible Social 
Mortgage Portfolio, but subject always to the provisions of the ACS Act.  
Reporting  
The Issuer will make and keep readily available reporting on the allocation of an amount equal to the net proceeds 
to the Eligible Social Mortgage Portfolio and wherever feasible reporting on the impact of the Eligible Social 
Mortgage Portfolio after a year from the issuance of the first applicable Social Bond annually until maturity of 
the instruments. The Group intends to provide aggregated reporting for all of its Social bonds (including Social 
Securities) and other potential social financings outstanding, which may include reports on the allocation and 
impact of the Eligible Social Mortgage Portfolio.  
The Group intends to align, on a best effort basis, its impact reporting with the portfolio approach described in the 
ICMA “Harmonised Framework for Impact Reporting for Social Bonds (June 2023). 
External Review  
The Group has obtained an independent second party opinion from ISS Corporate to assess the alignment of the 
Social Bond Framework with the Social Bond Principles. The ISS Corporate Second Party Opinion, as well as the 
Social Bond Framework, are available at  https://aib.ie/investorrelations/debt-investor/social-bond-frameworks. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Second Party Opinion and the Social Bond Framework are not incorporated into, 
and do not form part of, this Base Prospectus. Any new categories or sub-categories added, or removed, as part 
of the annual framework review process will be subject to external review and will be included in a Second Party 
Opinion 
Additionally, the Group may request on an annual basis, starting one year after issuance and until maturity, a 
limited assurance report of the allocation of the Social Security proceeds to eligible assets, provided by an external 
auditor.  
None of the Dealers shall be responsible for (i) any assessment of the Eligible Social Mortgage Portfolio, (ii) any 
verification of whether the Eligible Social Mortgage Portfolio falls within an investor's requirements or 
expectations of a “social” or equivalently-labelled project or (iii) the ongoing monitoring of the use of proceeds 
in respect of any Social Securities.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
The Issuer 
AIB Mortgage Bank u.c. 
The Issuer was duly incorporated in Ireland on 11 July 2005 as a public limited company under the name AIB 
Mortgage Bank p.l.c. and stands registered under the Companies Act. It was subsequently re-registered on 19 
December 2005 as a public unlimited company under the name AIB Mortgage Bank and changed its name to AIB 
Mortgage Bank u.c. on 1 October 2020. The Issuer obtained a banking licence under the Central Bank Act 1971 
and was registered as an Institution under the ACS Act on 8 February 2006.  On 22 March 2023, the Issuer was 
granted permission by the Central Bank for a Covered Bond Programme – see further Restrictions on the Activities 
of an Institution -  Permitted business activities – (e) engaging in activities connected with financing or refinancing 
of assets and other activities referred to in (a) to (f).  From 4 November 2014, the Issuer is deemed in accordance 
with the SSM Regulation to be authorised by the ECB under the SSM Regulation. The Issuer is a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of AIB Bank. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is operating in accordance with its 
constitutive documents, its Memorandum and Articles of Association. 
The Issuer’s principal purpose is to finance loans secured on residential property, in particular, through the 
issuance of Mortgage Covered Securities in accordance with the ACS Act. Such loans may be made directly by 
the Issuer or may be purchased from AIB Bank and other members of the Group or third parties.  See Restrictions 
on the Activities of an Institution and Cover Assets Pool. The Issuer’s principal executive and registered offices 
are located at 10 Molesworth Street, Dublin 2, Ireland. The telephone number of the Issuer is +353 1 660 0311. 
The authorised share capital of the Issuer is €750,000,000 divided into 3,000,000,000 ordinary shares of €0.25 
each as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Ownership/Control 
The Issuer is a 100 percent owned subsidiary of AIB Bank which is a 100 percent owned subsidiary of AIB Group 
plc. As such, the Issuer is under the control of AIB Bank. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is not 
aware of any arrangement the operation of which may at a date subsequent to the date of this Base Prospectus 
result in a change in control of the Issuer. The Issuer does not have any subsidiaries. 
No specific measures have been put in place by the Issuer to ensure that AIB Bank’s and AIB Group plc’s control 
of the Issuer is not abused. However, the Issuer and AIB Bank are both regulated and supervised by the Central 
Bank while AIB Group plc is subject to supervision, on a consolidated basis, under the Irish Banking Code and 
three of the Issuer’s directors are not at the date of this Base Prospectus employees of any member of the Group 
(see Board of Directors and Management and Administration of the Issuer). 
Unlimited Liability Status of the Issuer 
The Issuer is an unlimited company. There is no limit on the liability of the registered shareholders of record of 
the Issuer (as an unlimited company under Irish law) to contribute to the Issuer in an insolvent liquidation of the 
Issuer to the extent that the Issuer’s assets are insufficient to meet its liabilities. In that event, the liquidator of the 
Issuer or the court has the right to seek contribution from each of the members. AIB Bank is the sole member of 
the Issuer. The Issuer’s unlimited status does not confer on the creditors of the Issuer the right to seek payment of 
the Issuer’s liabilities from the Issuer’s members or to seek contribution for the Issuer from the members in the 
event of the Issuer becoming insolvent or otherwise. This right rests with the liquidator of the Issuer or the court 
on an insolvent winding-up. Therefore, AIB Bank is not a guarantor of the Securities. See further Insolvency of 
Institutions – Consequences of Issuer’s Status as an Unlimited Company. 
Financial Year of the Issuer 
The financial year end of the Issuer is 31 December. 
 
Auditors 
The auditors of the Issuer are PricewaterhouseCoopers of One Spencer Dock, North Wall Quay, Dublin 1, Ireland, 
who are chartered accountants and a statutory audit firm qualified to practice in Ireland. Prior to May 2023, the

--- Page 125 ---
125 
auditors of the Issuer were Deloitte Ireland LLP of Deloitte & Touche House, 29 Earlsfort Terrace, Dublin 2, 
Ireland, who are chartered accountants and a statutory audit firm qualified to practice in Ireland.   
Business of the Issuer 
The Issuer is an Institution, whose business activities are restricted to dealing in and holding mortgage credit 
assets and limited classes of other assets, engaging in activities connected with the financing and refinancing of 
such assets, entering into certain hedging contracts and engaging in other activities which are incidental or 
ancillary to the above activities.  
The objects of the Issuer are set out in clause 3 of its Memorandum of Association which forms part of its 
constitutive documents. See Restrictions on the Activities of an Institution – Permitted business activities in which 
an Institution may engage. 
Outsourcing Arrangements 
Under the Outsourcing Agreement, AIB Bank has agreed to provide the Issuer with administration and agency 
services and assistance in relation to the origination, maintenance and enforcement of the Issuer’s Irish residential 
loans and related treasury, funding and other activities including administration of customer accounts, customer 
relations, product development, market strategy, risk management, regulatory and company secretarial matters, 
human resources related matters, technology and other services. AIB Bank may sub-contract or delegate its 
powers under the Outsourcing Agreement to other members of the Group but any such sub-contracting or 
delegation will not abrogate or relieve AIB Bank of any of its obligations under the Outsourcing Agreement and 
the third party management risk process. See also Irish Residential Loan Origination and Servicing – Mortgage 
Servicing. 
In addition, under a liquidity management agreement dated 29 January 2014 between AIB Bank and the Liquidity 
Sub-Group, AIB Bank manages, and reports on, the liquidity of the Liquidity Sub-Group in accordance with the 
requirements of CRD IV. 
The Issuer may from time to time outsource activities to AIB Bank, other members of the Group or entities who 
are not members of the Group, subject to applicable legal and regulatory requirements.  
Irish Housing/Residential Loan Market 
A period of considerable growth was experienced in the Irish residential loan market between 1995 and 2007. 
However, the annual rate of mortgage growth in outstanding loan balances slowed significantly since mid-2006 
and turned negative in 2010. The level of outstanding loan balances has increased on a year-on-year basis since 
then and stood at €110.1 billion at the end of March 2024 (Source: Central Bank, Residential Mortgage Arrears 
and Repossession Statistics – PDH and BTL combined). 
The volume of new Irish mortgage drawdowns in the period from January 2024 to June 2024 was 9.0 percent 
lower relative to the corresponding period in 2023, while the value of new Irish mortgage drawdowns was 7 
percent lower over the same period, principally as a result of the contraction of the Switcher market and increased 
rate environment (Source: the BPFI published on the BPFI website (www.bpfi.ie)). A total of 20,393 mortgage 
loans were drawn down in the period from January 2023 to June 2023 with a value of approximately €5.6 billion. 
In the period from January 2024 to June 2024, a total of 18,529 mortgage loans were drawn down with a value of 
approximately €5.2 billion. Homebuyers (including both first time buyers and those moving home) represented 
the largest segment of the loan market in terms of the value of loans completed in the period from January 2024 
to June 2024 at 87 percent of the market (Source: The BPFI published on the BPFI website (www.bpfi.ie)). 
Having risen sharply over most of the period from 1995 to mid-2007, house prices began to decline around the 
middle of 2007. National residential property prices suffered a total cumulative peak to trough decline of 54 
percent between 2007 and 2013. Between 2013 and 2019, the Irish housing market experienced a recovery, with 
a national increase in residential property prices of 2.2 percent in the 12 months to July 2019.  Prices again 
contracted during the first three quarters of 2020, with a national decrease in residential property prices of 0.8 
percent in the year to September 2020, caused primarily by the restrictions on movement imposed to combat the 
COVID-19 pandemic, which negatively impacted the number of transactions in the domestic housing market.  
However, since the COVID-19 pandemic, residential property prices have increased by 8.6 percent nationally in 
the year to June 2024 (Source: Central Statistics Office Residential Property Price Index, June 2024).

--- Page 126 ---
126 
As of June 2024 residential property prices are 147.1 percent above their trough recorded in March 2013, with 
property prices in Dublin (as of June 2024) up 145.9 percent from their lows of February 2012, while property 
prices outside Dublin are up 156.7 percent from their lowest point in May 2013. (Source: Central Statistics Office 
Residential Property Price Index, June 2024). 
The latest available data on house completions indicate that house building is increasing from a low base with 
31,469 properties completed over the 12 months to June 2024 or up 34.0 percent year on year (Source: Central 
Statistics Office Residential Property Price Index, June 2024), recognising that this is still below a normalised 
level of output, with approximately circa 44,000 new units per annum required to meet underlying demand as per 
the Economic and Social Research Institute. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, mortgage arrears on residential properties are generally decreasing. Figures 
published by the Central Bank of Ireland on 05 July 2024 show that, at the end of March 2024, 28,769 or 4.1 
percent of total PDH mortgage accounts were in arrears for more than ninety days. This compares with 29,034 
accounts, or 4.1 percent of total PDH mortgages at the end of December 2023. The numbers of performing and 
non-performing PDH mortgage accounts which are subject to restructuring (forbearance) have reduced to 55,533 
at the end of March 2024. This compares with 57,863 at the end of December 2023 (Source: Central Bank 
(www.centralbank.ie)).  
The above information on outstanding residential mortgage loan balances, new Irish mortgage lending, Irish 
residential property prices, house completions and registrations and residential mortgage arrears has been 
accurately reproduced and so far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from that information, no facts have 
been omitted which would render the above information inaccurate or misleading. 
Irish Home Mortgage Origination 
The AIB Bank retail branch network in Ireland, with a presence in all major towns and cities in the country, and 
AIB Direct Banking with its dedicated mortgage team, remains the cornerstone distribution channel for the Issuer, 
populated by dedicated mortgage specialists and supported by a direct telephone banking operation and through 
AIB Private Banking. While the retail branch and telephone channels remain the primary channel for origination, 
in recent years, customer behaviour and the development of new technology has meant a movement from the 
traditional origination channels for home mortgages in the market. AIB Bank has an industry leading and award 
winning digital and online origination proposition which delivers channel flexibility for customers and supports 
the Group’s existing distribution networks, including those of the Issuer. The online digital mortgage origination 
proposition continues to see increased customer usage with end to end fulfilment supported by a centralised 
Homes Centre of Excellence team. Customers can engage with the dedicated team throughout their mortgage 
journey through an application called ‘MyMortgage’ which allows customers to upload documents, send and 
receive messages and to see clearly what step they are at on their mortgage journey. AIB Bank continues to invest 
in its mortgage journey to deliver an optimal customer experience with recent developments such as online 
appointment booking, open banking and video consultations. 
A large proportion of the Issuer’s mortgages, all of which are, at the date of this Base Prospectus, secured on 
properties located in Ireland, are for the purchase of the first or subsequent PDH of the customer. 
See Irish Residential Loan Origination and Servicing for further information. 
Other parts of the Group also engage in Irish residential mortgage lending including EBS and Haven (the Group 
broker channel). 
The Irish Competitive Landscape 
There is competition among providers of banking services, based upon the quality and variety of products, 
propositions and services, customer relationship management, convenience of location, technological capability, 
and the level of interest rates and fees charged to borrowers and interest rates paid to depositors. The Issuer has 
committed itself to pursuing an integrated multi-channel strategy utilising branches, telephone, internet and other 
direct channels in a complementary manner, based on customer choice.  
The Issuer is a major provider of residential mortgage loans in Ireland and competes in the Irish residential loan 
market, together with other parts of the Group, offering a broad product range and a competitive variable and 
fixed rate pricing strategy to meet the needs of the various market segments. It is subject to competition across

--- Page 127 ---
127 
the spectrum of its residential mortgage lending activities. The Irish mortgage market is highly competitive and 
more recently has entered a period of transition with two significant competitors, Ulster Bank DAC and KBC 
Bank Ireland, implementing their plans to exit the Irish market and closing for new mortgage business during 
2022. The major domestic competitors are Bank of Ireland Mortgage Bank and Permanent TSB plc, both of which, 
like the Issuer, have their headquarters in Dublin. Additional mortgage providers include EBS (a subsidiary of 
AIB), Finance Ireland Credit Solutions DAC, trading as Finance Ireland, Avant Money (Bankinter), Dilosk DAC 
and Haven Mortgages Limited (a subsidiary of AIB) while credit unions are emerging participants and Revolut 
has stated its ambition to to enter the Irish mortgage market in 2025. The total drawdowns in the Irish mortgage 
market was €12.1 billion in the period from December 2022 to December 2023, down €2 billion (-14 percent) 
compared to the period from December 2021 to December 2022. The market size reduction in the period from 
December 2022 to December 2023 was due to contraction in the re-mortgage switcher lending which mostly 
reflected a normalisation adjustment in the segment. The re-mortgage switcher market grew by €2.0 billion (+126 
percent) in the period from December 2021 to December 2022 and subsequently declined by €2.4 billion (-64 
percent) in the period from December 2022 to December 2023. Elevated growth in the switcher segment in 2022 
was driven by customer demand to fix mortgage rates with an expectation for future mortgage rate increases 
following a number of ECB rate increases in 2022. The First Time Buyer Segment is increasingly the dominant 
segment in the market with €7.2 billion (+8 percent) of new lending in the period from December 2022 to 
December 2023 reflecting 60 percent of Irish mortgage market total drawdowns. Growth in the First Time Buyer 
segment is supported by a number of government led initiatives including the Help to Buy Scheme and First 
Homes Scheme.  Property price appreciation continues to be a feature of the market with residential property 
prices up 4.4 percent nationally in the period from December 2022 to December 2023. The Central Bank macro-
prudential measures around LTV/LTI have set rules around criteria for residential mortgage lending that have 
helped moderate residential property price appreciation. These macro-prudential measures are subject to annual 
review by the Central Bank.  
Dividends 
The Issuer is subject to certain restrictions on the payment of dividends and any decision to declare and pay 
dividends in the future will be subject to receipt of regulatory approvals and will be made at the discretion of the 
Directors and will depend on the Issuer’s financial position, general economic conditions and other factors the 
Directors deem significant from time to time.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP 
Overview 
AIB Group plc and its subsidiaries is a financial services group operating predominantly in Ireland and the UK 
providing a comprehensive range of services to retail, business and corporate customers, with market-leading 
positions across key segments. AIB Mortgage Bank u.c. is a 100 percent owned subsidiary of Allied Irish Banks, 
p.l.c. which is a 100 percent owned subsidiary of AIB Group plc. AIB is the principal brand of the Group across 
all geographies in which it operates. Two of the Group’s subsidiaries also operate in Ireland, EBS, a challenger 
brand, and Haven, a mortgage broker channel. The Group also operates in Great Britain as Allied Irish Bank (GB), 
and in Northern Ireland, under the trading name of AIB (NI). 
The Group offers a full suite of products for retail customers, including mortgages, personal loans, credit cards, 
current accounts, insurance, pensions, financial planning, investments, savings and deposits. Its products for 
business and corporate customers include finance and loans, business current accounts, deposits, foreign exchange 
and interest rate risk management products, trade finance products, invoice discounting, leasing, credit cards, 
merchant services, payments and corporate finance. 
In 2024, the Group introduced a new customer facing segment, ‘Climate Capital’, focused on Core Renewable 
Project Finance and Infrastructure lending across Ireland, the UK, Europe and North America, increasing the 
Group’s reportable segments from four to five. The Group’s performance is now therefore managed and reported 
across Retail Banking, Capital Markets, Climate Capital, AIB UK and Group segments. 
Retail Banking  
The Group’s leading Irish retail franchise provides a comprehensive range of products and services to over 3.2 
million customers delivered through branch, digital and phone banking channels, with an expanded reach into the 
retail customer base via Group companies (i.e. EBS, Haven and Payzone) as well as joint venture and associate 
investments (i.e. AIB Merchant Services, Nifti and AIB life).  
Homes & Consumer is responsible for meeting the homes and everyday banking needs of customers in Ireland by 
delivering innovative products, propositions and services and for growing the Group’s market leading positions. 
The Group’s aim is to achieve a seamless and transparent customer experience across all products and services 
including mortgages, current accounts, personal lending, payments and credit cards, deposits, insurance and 
wealth. 
SME serves the Group’s micro and small SME customers through the Group’s sector-led strategy and local 
expertise with an extensive product and services offering. The Group’s aim is to help the Group’s customers create 
and build sustainable businesses in their communities. 
Capital Markets 
Capital Markets provides institutional, corporate and business banking services to the Group’s larger customers 
and customers requiring specific sector or product expertise. Capital Markets’ relationship driven model serves 
customers through sector specialist teams including: corporate banking, real estate finance and business banking. 
In addition to traditional credit products, Capital Markets offers customers foreign exchange and interest rate risk 
management products, cash management products, trade finance, mezzanine finance, structured and specialist 
finance and equity investments as well as Private Banking services and advice. Capital Markets also has 
syndicated and international finance teams based in Dublin and New York. Goodbody offers further capabilties 
in wealth management, corporate finance, asset management and wider capital markets propositions. FSG is our 
dedicated centre of excellence for the management of the Group’s NPEs, with the objective of supporting the 
Group’s customers in difficulty and delivering the Group’s strategy to reduce NPEs. 
Climate Capital 
Climate Capital is a new segment comprised of assets and resources previously residing in Capital Markets and 
AIB UK segments. Climate Capital specialises in lending to large scale renewable energy and infrastructure 
projects, which are key drivers for sustainable economic growth. The business serves the Irish, UK, European and 
North American markets through the offices in Dublin, London and New York.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
AIB UK  
AIB UK offers corporate, retail and business banking services in two distinct markets: 
• 
a sector-led corporate bank supporting mid to large corporates focused on housing, commercial 
real estate, health, hotels and manufacturing businesses across both Great Britain and Northern 
Ireland. Services include lending, treasury, trade facilities, asset finance and invoice 
discounting; and 
• 
a full service retail bank in Northern Ireland ("AIB (NI)") to personal and business customers 
with a focus on mortgage and business lending. 
Group  
The Group segment comprises wholesale treasury activities and Group control and support functions. Treasury 
manages the Group’s liquidity and funding positions and provides customer treasury services and economic 
research. The Group control and support functions include Technology, Operations and Business Services, 
Finance, Risk, Legal, Corporate Governance, Chief Customer Office, Human Resources, Strategy & 
Sustainability, Corporate Affairs and Group Internal Audit. 
History 
The Group has a long history of operating in Ireland, with its predecessor organisations having been part of the 
Irish banking sector for almost 200 years. In 1996, the Group’s retail operations in the UK were integrated and 
the resulting entity was renamed AIB Group (UK) p.l.c., with two distinct trading names: Allied Irish Bank (GB) 
in Great Britain and AIB (NI) in Northern Ireland. 
Following measures and capital investments by the Irish Government in response to the global financial crisis in 
2008, the Irish Government owned 99.8 percent of the ordinary shares in the capital of AIB. In June 2017, the 
Irish Government and AIB Bank completed a secondary offering of ordinary shares, reducing the Irish 
Government’s holding to 71.12 percent. Admission to the Official Lists together with admission to trading on the 
main markets for listed securities on the Irish Stock Exchange (now known as Euronext Dublin) and the London 
Stock Exchange commenced on 27 June 2017. 
In December 2017, AIB completed a re-organisation in which AIB Bank’s shares were cancelled, with one share 
of AIB being issued for every AIB Bank share held at such time. On 11 December 2017, the entire issued ordinary 
share capital of AIB Group plc, comprising 2,714,381,237 ordinary shares, was admitted to the Official Lists of 
each of the Irish Stock Exchange (now known as Euronext Dublin) and the FCA and to trading on the main 
markets of the Irish Stock Exchange (now known as Euronext Dublin) and the London Stock Exchange. 
On 21 December 2021, the Minister for Finance announced his intention to further sell down the Irish State’s 
71.12 percent shareholding in the Group. In 2023, the Group returned to majority private ownership following a 
directed share buyback, the sell down of shares, the placing of shares, and disposals as part of a pre-arranged 
trading plan. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Irish State’s shareholding was 21.85 percent.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
CERTAIN ASPECTS OF REGULATION OF RESIDENTIAL LENDING IN IRELAND 
Introduction 
This section of the Base Prospectus outlines certain regulatory aspects of residential mortgage lending and certain 
legislative aspects of residential security in Ireland, which the Issuer considers are directly relevant to its Irish 
residential lending business activities. The outline below does not extend to prudential regulation of credit 
institutions authorised, or as being entitled to carry on business, in Ireland, or to regulation of other persons who 
engage in residential mortgage business activities in Ireland. In addition, the outline below is not to be read as 
comprehensive or complete in its description of regulation of residential lending or legislative aspects of 
residential security in Ireland but only as providing a general overview of the matters outlined.  
Anti-Money Laundering, Countering the Financing of Terrorism and Financial Sanctions 
Every credit institution in Ireland (including the Issuer) is obliged to take the necessary measures to effectively 
detect and counteract money laundering and terrorist financing. The EU’s fifth anti-money laundering directive, 
AMLD5, which entered into force on 9 July 2018 and was transposed into Irish law by the Criminal Justice 
(Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing) Act 2010, as amended by the Criminal Justice (Money Laundering 
and Terrorist Financing) (Amendment) Act 2021. Among other things, the AML Acts impose requirements on 
designated bodies (including credit institutions such as the Issuer) to identify and verify the identity of customers, 
to report suspicious transactions to An Garda Síochána and the Revenue Commissioners and to have specific 
procedures in place to provide for the prevention of money laundering and terrorist financing.   
More recently, the EU has adopted a new AML/CFT package, introducing a single AML/CFT rulebook which 
comprises a Sixth Money Laundering Directive (“AMLD6”), a new AML Regulation, and a Regulation 
establishing the Anti-Money Laundering Authority (the “AMLA”). The legislative acts have been published in 
the Official Journal of the EU. EU Member States must transpose AMLD6 by 10 July 2027, with exceptions for 
certain provisions. The AML Regulation will apply on an EU-wide basis from 10 July 2027, with exceptions for 
certain provisions. The AMLA will begin operations in Frankfurt, following Germany’s successful bid to host the 
AMLA, in mid-2025. The AMLA is to be a decentralised EU agency that will coordinate national authorities to 
ensure the correct and consistent application of EU AML rules.  
A further component of the EU AML package, Regulation (EU) 2023/1113 (“the recast revised WTR”), 
replacing the existing Wire Transfer Regulation (EU) 2015/847, was published in the Official Journal of the EU 
on 9 June 2023. The recast revised WTR, which was published to coincide with the publication of the Markets in 
Crypto-Assets Regulation (“MiCA”) establishes rules on the information on payees and payers that must 
accompany transfers of funds and transfers of certain digital and crypto assets for AML/CFT purposes. The recast 
revised WTR will apply on an EU-wide basis from 30 December 2024, in line with the timeline for MiCA 
applicability. The Group will update its processes and procedures to ensure compliance with the recast revised 
WTR. 
Sanctions are legally binding measures that are used as a tool by the United Nations, the EU, the US, UK and 
others to bring about a change in the policy or behaviour of a country, entity or individual. For example, sanctions 
may be applied to deter the development of weapons of mass destruction, political or military aggression and/or 
human rights violations. They can be also be used to target terrorism and/or drug trafficking and to prevent or 
penalise a country interfering in another country’s affairs. Under certain sanctions regulations, financial 
institutions are prohibited from making available any funds, other financial assets or economic resources to 
sanctioned persons or entities. Credit institutions must ensure that they have the policies and procedures in place 
necessary to comply with any applicable sanctions. In Ireland, sanctions can be imposed under EU regulations 
having direct effect in Ireland, orders and statutory instruments made by the Minister under the Financial Transfers 
Act 1992, the Criminal Justice (Terrorist Offences) Acts 2005 and 2015 or the European Communities Acts 1972 
to 2012, or directions or orders made under the AML Acts.  
Among other restrictive measures, the EU has been introducing suites of measures targeting the Russia economy 
for its illegal war of aggression against Ukraine. More broadly, the EU has adopted Directive (EU) 2024/1226 
(the “Sanctions Offences Directive”) that will harmonise criminal offences and penalties for violation of EU 
sanctions across the Union. Until now, EU Member States were responsible for enforcement of EU sanctions, 
which led to disparate regimes across the EU, depending on the national law of a Member State. The Sanctions

--- Page 131 ---
131 
Offences Directive was published in the Official Journal of the EU on 29 April 2024. Member States will be 
required to adopt measures transposing the Directive by 20 May 2025. 
Data Protection and General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) 
The Group processes significant volumes of personal data relating to the Issuer’s relevant data subjects (i.e. 
customers) (including name, address, identification and banking details) as part of the Issuer’s business, some of 
which may also be classified under the GDPR and related legislation as special category data. The Issuer must 
therefore comply with strict data protection and privacy laws and regulations, including the ePrivacy Regulations, 
the Data Protection Act 2018 and the GDPR. The GDPR introduced substantial changes to data protection law, 
including an increased emphasis on businesses being able to demonstrate compliance with their data protection 
obligations. This required significant investment by the Group in its compliance strategies, including the Issuer, 
but is now well embedded having been in effect for over 6 years. In addition, relevant supervisory authorities have 
the power to issue fines of up to 4 percent of an undertaking’s annual global group turnover or €20 million 
(whichever is the greater) for failure to comply with certain provisions of the GDPR. The Presidency of the 
Council of the European Union released revised text of the proposed new ePrivacy Regulation (Regulation 
concerning the Respect for Private Life and the Protection of Personal Data in Electronic Communications and 
Repealing Directive 2002/58/EC (Regulation on Privacy and Electronic Communications)) on 6 March 2020. A 
draft of the new ePrivacy Regulation was put to the Council of Ministers of the European Union on 10 February 
2021.  However, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, negotiations as to the final content of the regulation between 
the EU Parliament, the European Commission and the European Council remain ongoing and it is unclear as to 
when resolution on the outstanding matters may occur.  
CBI Guidance on Outsourcing and DORA 
The Issuer and the Group are subject to the Central Bank’s cross-industry guidance on outsourcing and the Central 
Bank’s cross-industry guidance on operational resilience, issued in December 2021. The Central Bank expects all 
regulated firms to demonstrate that they have appropriate measures in place to outsource risk and effectively 
manage operational disruptions affecting the delivery of critical or important business services. The Digital 
Operational Resilience Act (“DORA”) (which comprises a Directive ((EU) 2022/2556) and a Regulation ((EU) 
2022/2554) consolidates and upgrade information and communications technology risk requirements in the 
financial sector in a single European legal act. DORA introduces targeted rules in respect of ICT risk-management 
capabilities, incident reporting, operational resilience testing and ICT third-party risk monitoring. It will apply on 
EU-wide basis from 17 January 2025, and will apply to a wide range of financial sector entities regulated by the 
Central Bank. 
Credit Reporting Act  
The Credit Reporting Act provides for the establishment of mandatory credit reporting and a requirement for 
credit checks regulated and operated by the Central Bank namely the CCR. The Central Bank will also use the 
information for prudential and statistical purposes.  
The purpose of the CCR is to enable better quality lending by providing a “single borrower view” of all loans, 
deferred payments, and other forms of financial accommodation provided by creditors to the borrower. This 
ensures that a credit provider has access to the most accurate and up-to-date information regarding a borrower’s 
total exposure.  
Key elements of the Credit Reporting Act are as follows: 
• 
Available Information: the Credit Reporting Act prescribes the categories of information that the Central 
Bank may maintain on the CCR and the period for which such information may be held; 
• 
Mandatory Reporting: the Credit Reporting Act requires a credit provider (which includes the Issuer) to 
report a comprehensive range of credit information. In doing so, a credit provider must meet specified 
reporting standards. Under the CCR Regulations, the collection of credit and personal data from lenders 
was implemented on a phased basis, with phase 1 focusing on data collection for consumer lending and 
phase 2 focusing on data collection for lending to businesses; 
• 
Credit Checks: a credit provider must undertake mandatory credit checks with the CCR for every credit 
application of €2,000 or more. Information accessed as a result of such a check may be used by the credit

--- Page 132 ---
132 
provider for certain specified purposes only, as set out in more detail in the Credit Reporting Act. Such 
permitted use includes verification of information provided by the borrowing customer in connection 
with a credit application;  
• 
Access to Information: the Credit Reporting Act provides for security controls in connection with access 
to information on the CCR; and 
• 
Fees: although fees may be charged for access to information held on the CCR, consumers are entitled 
to one free copy of their own record, once in every 12 months. The Central Bank has published 
regulations prescribing a levy to be paid by credit providers for the purposes of meeting expenses 
properly incurred by the Central Bank in maintaining the CCR. 
Data submissions by lenders are in place and all lenders to consumers and non-consumers are required to enquire 
on the CCR. The credit reporting obligations and other requirements provided for under the Credit Reporting Act 
and the CCR Regulations apply to the Issuer and the Group.  
Consumer Credit Act 1995 (“CCA”) 
The extension of credit (including, the making of cash loans, housing loans, and other financial accommodation) 
as well as hire-purchase and consumer-hire arrangements to or with, consumers (individuals who are acting 
outside their trade, business or profession) in Ireland is principally regulated by the CCA, which imposes a range 
of obligations and restrictions on lenders and credit intermediaries. The relevant part of the CCA applicable to the 
making of housing loans (Part IX) applies to loans made by mortgage lenders, which includes the Issuer. 
For the purposes of the CCA, a mortgage lender is an entity that carries on a business that consists of or includes 
the making of housing loans. A housing loan is an agreement for the provision of credit to a person on the security 
of a mortgage of a freehold or leasehold estate or interest in land for any of a number of purposes, including the 
purchase or construction of a house to be used as the person’s principal residence or that of the person’s 
dependents, or refinancing a loan that was made for any of those purposes, and any loan to a consumer where that 
loan is secured by a mortgage and on which a house is or is to be constructed. 
Relevant obligations imposed by the CCA in respect of the making of housing loans include rules regulating 
advertising for housing loans; a requirement to furnish the borrower with a valuation report concerning the 
property; criteria for calculation of annual percentage rate on housing loans; a requirement that specified warnings 
regarding the potential loss of the person’s home be included in all key documentation relating to a housing loan 
and that key, prescribed information be displayed on the front page of a housing loan; obligations to provide 
prescribed documents and information to a borrower; disclosure of certain fees and charges to a borrower; and 
requirements to ensure that a borrower obtains mortgage protection insurance (life cover). Restrictions include 
prohibitions on the imposition of a redemption fee in the case of a variable rate housing loan; and compelling a 
borrower to pay the lender’s legal costs of investigating title and the linking of certain services. 
A breach of obligations or restrictions imposed by the CCA may constitute a criminal offence. In respect of a 
regulated financial services provider, the Central Bank may, instead of a criminal prosecution, impose under its 
administrative sanctions regime a monetary penalty for breach of any of these obligations and restrictions. 
Under section 149 of the CCA, credit institutions must apply to the Central Bank in order to either increase existing 
fees or introduce any new fee or charge on customers (whether or not consumers) in the case of certain services, 
including the provision of credit and foreign credit facilities. The Central Bank has the right to decline any such 
application. Section 149(12)(b) of the CCA entitles the Central Bank to require a credit institution to refrain from 
using any terms and conditions that the Central Bank considers to be unfair or likely to be regarded as unfair. 
No breach of Part IX of the CCA of itself renders a housing loan unenforceable against the borrower. 
Where a credit agreement in relation to a housing loan is effective from 21 March 2016 onwards and the borrower 
is a consumer, then the Mortgage Credit Regulations applies, in addition to certain provisions of the CCA. The 
requirements of the Mortgage Credit Regulations are summarised in the section entitled “–EU Legislation – 
Mortgage Credit Directive”.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
Consumer Protection Code 2012 (“CPC”) 
The CPC, issued by the Central Bank under its statutory powers, applies to the Issuer and other regulated financial 
service providers in the Group. The CPC contains provisions that govern all aspects of a regulated entity’s 
(meaning firms subject to regulation by the Central Bank) relationship with a customer when providing financial 
services (with certain exceptions such as investment services within the scope of the MiFID II Directive) and 
certain aspects of a regulated entity’s relationship with all of its customers. These range from advertising and 
marketing requirements, to knowing the consumer and offering suitable products, to ensuring that consumers are 
treated fairly. The general principles of the CPC apply to all customers of the Issuer and other regulated financial 
service providers in the Group. 
Relevant obligations of the CPC include: a requirement to supply a written suitability statement to a customer 
before providing certain services or products; strict time periods for complaint handling; for consolidation 
mortgages, an obligation to supply a written comparison detailing the total cost of the consolidated facility on 
offer versus the cost of maintaining existing loans; for setting variable mortgage interest rates, an obligation to 
produce a summary statement of its policy for setting each variable mortgage interest rate that it makes available 
to personal consumers and publishes on its website; and a requirement to advise personal consumers how to 
mitigate/avoid fees and penalties in respect of the chosen product. 
In the case of all mortgage products provided to personal consumers (other than those where the interest rate is 
fixed for a period of five years or more), the CPC requires that a lender test the consumer’s ability to repay the 
instalments on the basis of a two percent interest rate increase above the interest rate offered. Other relevant 
provisions include suitability requirements, disclosure and notice requirements, requirements in connection with 
complaints resolution and a restriction of the circumstances in which unsolicited contact can be made with 
consumers.  
The CPC also sets out how regulated entities must deal with and treat personal consumers who are in arrears on a 
range of loans, including BTL mortgages. Amongst other things, under the CPC, the regulated entity is required 
to (i) make certain information available to the personal consumer within certain time periods and (ii) where 
arrears arise seek to agree an approach which would assist the personal consumer in resolving the arrears, and 
explain any revised payment arrangement agreed with the personal consumer. In particular, the regulated entity is 
required to notify the personal consumer of the potential for legal proceedings and proceedings for repossession 
of the property, and is not permitted to initiate more than three unsolicited communications per calendar month 
with a personal consumer in respect of the arrears. However, the provisions of the CPC in relation to arrears do 
not apply to the extent that the loan is a mortgage loan to which the CCMA applies. 
In July 2015, following the enactment of the Consumer Protection (Regulation of Credit Servicing Firms) Act 
2015, the Central Bank produced an addendum to the CPC. Following a public consultation process on increased 
protections for variable rate mortgage holders (CP98), and to give effect to consequential amendments to the CPC 
arising from the transposition of the Mortgage Credit Directive in Ireland and the coming into effect of the SME 
Lending Regulations, the Central Bank produced a further addendum to the CPC which was published on 1 July 
2016 which amended the CPC as a consequence of the introduction of the Mortgage Credit Regulations and the 
SME Lending Regulations.  
In July 2016, the Central Bank published an addendum to the CPC. Part 1 of the CPC addendum became effective 
from 1 February 2017 and introduced a number of increased protections for variable rate mortgage holders by 
amending certain provisions in the following parts of the CPC; chapter 4 – Provision of Information; chapter 6 – 
Post-sale Information Requirements and creates a new appendix F (Variable Rate Policy Statement) for setting 
variable interest rates and to notify variable rate borrowers of alternative mortgage options that could provide 
savings for the borrower, both on an annual basis and also when notifying borrowers of an increase in the variable 
interest rate. Where there is an increase in a variable interest rate, lenders are required to include the reason for 
the rate increase in the notification provided to variable rate borrowers. 
Part 2 of the CPC addendum became effective on 21 March 2016 when the Mortgage Credit Directive was 
transposed into Irish law. As a consequence of the transposition of the Mortgage Credit Directive into Irish law, 
the scope and application of the following parts of the CPC were amended: Chapter 3 (General Requirements);

--- Page 134 ---
134 
Chapter 4 (Provision of Information); Chapter 5 (Knowing the Consumer and Suitability); and Chapter 12 
(Definitions). 
Part 3 of the CPC addendum 2016 amended chapter 10 (Errors and Complaints Resolution) of the CPC with 
respect to handling complaints for lending to small and medium-sized enterprises. The amendments were 
introduced as a consequence of the SME Lending Regulations. 
In June 2018, following a public consultation process on Enhanced Mortgage Measures: Transparency and 
Switching, the Central Bank published a further addendum to the CPC to introduce new, and amend certain 
existing, provisions of the CPC to give effect to these enhanced protections. These amendments apply since 1 
January 2019. 
On 27 July 2021, the Central Bank published an Industry Letter to relevant regulated firms to inform them of the 
publication of an addendum to the CPC and an addendum to the CCMA that introduce a revised version of the 
SFS.  The revised SFS became effective from 1 January 2022. 
On 16 May 2022, the Central Bank published a further addendum to the CPC. The amendments were introduced 
as a consequence of the enactment of the Consumer Protection (Regulation of Retail Credit and Credit Servicing 
Firms) Act 2022. The effect of the amendments is to extend the application of the CPC to consumer-hire, hire-
purchase and “buy now pay later” facilities. These amendments apply since 16 August 2022.  
On 3 October 2022, the Central Bank published a discussion paper announcing plans to review the CPC and in 
March 2024 published a consultation paper (CP158) on the CPC which set out proposals to revise the CPC, 
including the consolidation of the CCMA (as defined below) into the CPC. The consultation period closed on 7 
June 2024. It is expected that a revised CPC will be published in 2025. Among the proposed revisions to the CPC, 
the Central Bank aims to modernise the CPC to reflect innovations in financial services and to enhance consumer 
protections. Some of the relevant key changes include the consolidation of existing regulations and the 
introduction of standards including Securing Customer’s Interests, Informing Effecitvely, Mortgage Credit and 
Switching, Frauds and Scams, Protecting Consumers in Vulnerable Circumstances and Climate Risk. 
Code of Conduct on Mortgage Arrears (“CCMA”) 
The CCMA was issued under the statutory powers of the Central Bank. The CCMA sets out the procedures that 
must be adopted by every regulated entity operating in Ireland as regards mortgage lending and mortgage servicing 
to a borrower in respect of the borrower’s primary residence in Ireland. As such, the CCMA applies to the Issuer.  
The CCMA applies to the mortgage loan of a borrower which is secured on the borrower’s ‘primary residence’, 
which the CCMA defines as: 
(a) 
the residential property which the borrower occupies as his/her primary residence in Ireland; or 
(b) 
a residential property which is the only residential property owned by the borrower in Ireland. 
In addition to applying to borrowers actually in arrears, the CCMA also applies to borrowers who notify their 
lender that they are facing financial difficulties and may be at risk of mortgage arrears (known as “pre-arrears” 
cases). 
The CCMA requires a lender to wait at least eight months from the date the arrears arose before commencing 
legal proceedings against a co-operating borrower. Separately, a lender is required to give three months’ notice to 
the borrower before a lender may commence legal proceedings where the lender does not offer an alternative 
repayment arrangement or the borrower is unwilling to accept an alternative repayment arrangement offered by 
the lender. 
In addition the CCMA imposes the following requirements: 
1. 
A provision requiring lenders, where applicable, to provide a warning letter 
to a borrower giving at least 20 Business Days’ notice to the borrower, 
outlining, among other detail, the implications of being classified as not 
cooperating and providing specific information on how to avoid this 
classification, amongst other things.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
2. 
Lenders must have a board-approved communications policy that will protect 
borrowers against unnecessarily frequent contacts and harassment, while 
ensuring that lenders can make the necessary contact to progress resolution 
of arrears cases.  
3. 
Lenders must provide the SFS (a document which a lender uses to obtain 
information from a borrower in order to complete an assessment of that 
borrower’s case) at the earliest opportunity, and to offer assistance to 
borrowers with completing it. In addition, lenders can agree with the borrower 
to put a temporary arrangement in place to prevent the arrears from worsening 
while the full SFS is being completed and assessed. 
4. 
Where there is no other sustainable option available, lenders can offer an 
arrangement to distressed mortgage holders which provides for the removal 
of a tracker rate, but only as a last resort, where the only alternative option is 
repossession of the home. Lenders must be able to demonstrate that there is 
no other sustainable option that would allow the borrower to keep the tracker 
rate, and the arrangement offered must be a long-term, sustainable solution 
that is affordable for the borrower. 
5. 
Cooperating borrowers must be given at least eight months from the date that 
arrears first arise before legal action can commence and, at the end of the 
MARP, lenders must provide a three-month notice period to allow co-
operating borrowers time to consider their options, such as voluntary 
surrender or an arrangement under the Personal Insolvency Act, before legal 
action can commence. 
6. 
Increased information requirements for lenders in order to improve 
transparency for borrowers including more detail in the MARP booklet 
including (but not limited to): 
• 
how the alternative repayment arrangements offered by the lender work and their key features; 
• 
explanations of other options such as voluntary surrender, voluntary sale, mortgage to rent or 
trading down; 
• 
explanations of the meaning and implications of not co-operating; 
• 
summary information on a lender’s potential use of confidentiality agreements; 
• 
information on the borrower’s right of appeal; 
• 
a link to keepingyourhome.ie (i.e. where borrowers can get further information and assistance); 
and 
• 
a summary of the lender’s communications policy. 
• 
Lenders are required to establish a MARP framework for handling arrears and pre-arrears cases 
and where alternative repayment arrangements expire or where the alternative repayment 
arrangement put in place breaks down. The MARP must incorporate the requirements of the 
CCMA regarding: 
• 
communication with, and provision of information to, a borrower; 
• 
the collection and assessment of financial information from a borrower; and 
• 
resolution of cases by exploring alternative repayment arrangements.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
Lenders also have to establish a centralised and dedicated ASU, which must be adequately staffed, to 
manage cases under the MARP. Each branch office must have at least one person with specific 
responsibility for dealing with arrears and pre-arrears cases and for liaising with the ASU in respect of 
these cases.  
Where a borrower is in mortgage arrears, a lender is permitted to commence legal action for repossession 
of the property in the following circumstances: 
(a) 
where the borrower does not co-operate with the lender and the lender has made every reasonable effort 
under the CCMA to agree an alternative repayment arrangement with the borrower or his or her 
nominated representative; 
(b) 
in the case of a fraud perpetrated on the lender by the borrower; or 
(c) 
in the case of a breach of contract by the borrower other than the existence of arrears. 
Lenders are restricted from imposing charges and/or surcharge interest on arrears arising on a mortgage 
account in arrears to which the CCMA applies and in respect of which a borrower is cooperating 
reasonably and honestly with the lender under the MARP. 
As explained above, the Central Bank has announced its intention to introduce a revised and modernised CPC, 
which involves, amongst other matters, consolidating existing rules with the CCMA. 
Minimum Competency Requirements 
The Central Bank applies minimum competency requirements to individuals who, in their own right or on behalf 
of a regulated firm, arrange or offer to arrange retail financial products for consumers (as defined in the CPC) 
and/or advise on same. AIB Bank and other members of the Group which are regulated firms (including the Issuer) 
are obliged to comply with these requirements to the extent that they apply to their business.  
A review of the MCC 2011 was undertaken by the Central Bank to, inter alia, consider the implications of the 
Mortgage Credit Regulations and the MiFID II Directive and the guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures 
issued by the European Securities and Markets Authority on 5 October 2015 (ESMA/2015/1415) for the 
assessment of knowledge and competence. In November 2016, the Central Bank published a Consultation Paper 
(CP106) seeking views from stakeholders on the proposals set out in the Consultation Paper to replace the MCC 
2011, as it then was, in part by a revised minimum competency code and in part by minimum competency 
regulations.  
The MCC 2017 and the Minimum Competency Regulations came into effect from 3 January 2018 and replaced 
the MCC 2011. The aim of the MCC 2017 and the Minimum Competency Regulations is to ensure that consumers 
of retail financial products, and retail or opt-up professional clients in the context of MiFID services or activities, 
obtain a minimum acceptable level of competence from individuals undertaking certain specific functions on 
behalf of regulated firms, relating to, for example, providing advice and information about retail financial products 
and adjudicating on complaints. The MCC 2017 specifies certain minimum competencies that persons coming 
within its scope must comply with when performing certain controlled functions.  
On 16 May 2022, the Central Bank published an addendum to the MCC, effective immediately, to apply the MCC 
to retail credit firms and credit servicing firms.  
In September 2023, the Central Bank published a further addendum to the MCC, effective from 1 October 2024, 
to extend the MCC and the Minimum Competency Regulations to all credit union activities that fall within scope 
of the MCC. 
On 19 June 2024, the Central Bank published a further addendum to the MCC, to become effective from 1 January 
2025, to include competencies relating to sustainability for all retail financial products. 
Fitness and Probity Regime and the Individual Accountability Framework (IAF) 
The Central Bank Reform Act 2010 introduced minimum standards of fitness and probity for individuals in senior 
and customer facing roles in regulated financial service providers under the Fitness and Probity Standards (“F&P

--- Page 137 ---
137 
Standards”). These roles are referred to as ‘controlled functions’ (“CF”) and ‘Pre-approval controlled functions’ 
(“PCF”) roles. Individuals performing CF and PCF roles must comply with the fitness and probity obligations on 
an on-going basis. A regulated financial service provider shall not permit an individual to perform a CF or PCF 
role, unless the regulated financial services provider is satisfied on reasonable grounds that the individual meets 
the F&P Standards. In addition, regulated financial service providers must seek the approval of the Central Bank 
before an individual is appointed to a PCF role. 
A PCF is not permitted to take up the role without prior Central Bank approval. The Central Bank Act 2023 
amended the Central Bank Reform Act 2010, among other pieces of legislation. The Central Bank Act 2023 was 
partially commenced on 19 April 2023, with the remaining parts of the Central Bank Act 2023 coming into effect 
on 29 December 2023. The Central Bank Act 2023 provides for the introduction of SEAR, conduct standards for 
CFs and PCFs, enhancements to the existing fitness and probity regime and new enforcement powers for the 
Central Bank. The SEAR requires regulated financial service providers to define where responsibility and 
decision-making lies in senior management and applies to executive roles from 1 July 2024 and for independent 
non-executive director roles from 1 July 2025. 
Financial Services and Pensions Ombudsman 
The Central Bank and Financial Services Authority of Ireland Act 2004 (“2004 Act”) provided for the 
establishment of the FSO and the Financial Services Ombudsman Council. The FSO has, in respect of complaints 
regarding financial services provided to consumers, a range of powers to investigate complaints and to impose 
financial or other sanctions on a regulated financial services provider. The 2004 Act was amended on 1 January 
2018 by the Financial Services and Pensions Ombudsman Act 2017 to provide for the amalgamation of the office 
of the FSO with the office of the Pensions Ombudsman to form the FSPO.  
Under section 72 of the Central Bank Act 2013, the FSPO has “name and shame” powers. Pursuant to these 
powers, the FSPO may publish the name of regulated financial services providers, or the group of which the 
regulated financial services provider is a member, where three complaints have been substantiated or partially 
substantiated against the regulated financial services provider in the preceding financial year.  
Consumer Protection Act 2007  
The CPA 2007 transposes the Unfair Commercial Practices in Ireland and prohibit business-to-consumer 
commercial practices that are unfair, misleading, aggressive or which otherwise are prohibited by the CPA 2007. 
Principally, the CPA 2007 (i) empower a consumer who is aggrieved by any of those proscribed varieties of 
commercial practice, and the CCPC, to apply to court for an order prohibiting the continued use of the prescribed 
practice and (ii) confer on every consumer who is aggrieved by a proscribed commercial practice a right of action 
to claim damages (including exemplary damages) against the person who has committed or engaged in the 
prohibited act or practice. For this purpose, a consumer would include certain borrowers of residential loans and 
a relevant service would include residential lending. 
Consumer Rights Act 2022 
The CRA 2022 came into effect on 29 November 2022.  Certain of the provisions of the CRA 2022 apply to the 
provision of financial services, notably provisions prohibiting the exclusion or restriction of a service provider’s 
liability in relation to a list of specified provisions of the CRA 2022, including provisions relating to the supply 
of the service, conformity of service with contract, and charging a reasonable price for the service.  The CRA 2022 
also revoked the UTCCR and and replaced those Regulations with new provisions prohibiting unfairness in 
consumer contracts under Part 6 of the CRA 2022.  
Central Bank Mortgage Measures - Regulatory LTV/Regulatory LTI restrictions on residential mortgage 
lending 
The Central Bank has, under the LTV/LTI Regulations imposed restrictions on Irish residential mortgage lending 
by lenders which are regulated by the Central Bank (such as the Issuer). The restrictions impose limits on 
residential mortgage lending by reference to LTV and LTI ceilings, subject to limited exceptions. 
The LTI limit restricts the amount of money you can borrow to a maximum of 4 times gross income for first-time 
buyers and 3.5 times gross income for second/subsequent buyers.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
The LTV limit requires a minimum deposit of 10 percent for first-time buyers and second/subsequent buyers and 
a minimum deposit of 30 percent for BTL buyers. 
The proportion of lending allowed above the limits applies at the level of the borrower type, such that 15 percent 
of first-time-buyer lending can take place above the limits, 15 percent of second and subsequent buyer lending 
can take place above the limits and 10 percent of BTL-buyer lending can take place above the limits. 
Borrowers who are divorced or separated or have undergone bankruptcy or insolvency (where they no longer have 
an interest in the previous property) may be considered FTBs for the mortgage measures. FTBs who get a top-up 
loan or re-mortgage with an increase in the principal may be considered FTBs, provided the property remains 
their primary home. 
Personal Insolvency Act 
General 
The Personal Insolvency Act transformed the personal insolvency regimes including through the introduction of 
three new debt resolution processes, namely: 
(a) 
a DRN to allow for the write-off of qualifying debts up to €35,000, subject to a three year supervision 
period; 
(b) 
a DSA for the settlement of qualifying unsecured debts over a period of up to five years (extendable to 
six years in certain circumstances) and subject to majority creditor approval; and 
(c) 
a PIA which is a personal insolvency arrangement which is for the agreed settlement or restructuring of 
qualifying secured debts of up to €3 million (although this cap can be increased with the consent of all 
secured creditors) and the agreed settlement of qualifying unsecured debt, over a period of up to six years 
(extendable to seven years in certain circumstances). 
These processes are administered by approved intermediaries (in the case of the DRN) and registered personal 
insolvency practitioners (in the case of the DSA and PIA). The DSA and PIA processes involve the issuance of a 
protective certificate which precludes enforcement and related actions by creditors. Detailed eligibility criteria 
and other requirements relating to the processes are set out in the Personal Insolvency Act. The Insolvency Service, 
amongst other things, processes DRN, DSA and PIA applications in the first instance. The application for a DRN, 
DSA or PIA and protective certificates ultimately needs to be approved by a court (the Circuit Court for debts 
below €2.5 million, the High Court for debts above €2.5 million) before it can come into effect. 
The Personal Insolvency Act also provides for reforms to the Bankruptcy Act.  
The Personal Insolvency (Amendment) Act 2021 was signed into Irish law on 26 March 2021 and a 
commencement order in respect of the legislation was signed on 25 June 2021.  Among other changes the new 
legislation makes to the Personal Insolvency Act, borrowers now have the right to seek review by a court if their 
lenders or other creditors refuse a reasonable proposal for a personal insolvency arrangement. Additionally, the 
new legislation adjusts the asset ceiling for an insolvent person applying for a DRN. 
PIA 
The PIA is capable of settling and/or restructuring secured debt, including residential mortgage debt. Subject to 
certain mandatory requirements and minimum protections for a debtor and his or her secured creditors, the 
Personal Insolvency Act provides flexibility as to how a PIA treats a secured debt. For example, a PIA may 
provide for an adjustment of the interest rate, interest basis or maturity of the debt, a capitalisation of arrears, a 
debt-for-equity swap, or a principal write-down to a specified amount equal to or greater than the value of the 
security. 
The Insolvency Service was established to oversee and operate the measures under the Personal Insolvency Act. 
The PIA process facilitates the settlement of unsecured debts of any amount and the settlement and/or restructuring 
of secured debts of up to €3 million (which limit can be waived where all the secured creditors so consent) owed 
by a debtor meeting certain eligibility criteria over a period of up to six years (subject to a possible extension to

--- Page 139 ---
139 
seven years). A personal insolvency practitioner formulates a proposal for an arrangement during a protective 
period of up to 110 days extendable to 150 days in exceptional circumstances during which creditors cannot take 
enforcement action against the debtor. The proposal must be approved by the debtor and a qualified 65 percent 
majority of the creditors, with separate class approvals being required by secured and unsecured creditors 
representing over 50 percent, in each case, of numbers of creditors voting and of the value of the relevant debts. 
Upon successful completion of the PIA, the debtor is released from all of his or her qualifying unsecured debts 
but is not released from his or her secured debts except to the extent provided for under the terms of the PIA.  
The Personal Insolvency (Amendment) Act 2015 introduced a mechanism whereby a court review of a creditor’s 
rejection of a proposal for a PIA is possible in certain qualifying circumstances. A PIA can affect the right of a 
secured creditor of the debtor to enforce or otherwise deal with his or her security. The Personal Insolvency Act 
provides that, subject to certain mandatory requirements set out in the Act, the terms of a PIA may provide for the 
manner in which the security is to be treated, which may include the sale or any other disposition of the property 
or asset the subject of the security, the surrender of the security to the debtor or the retention by the secured creditor 
of the security. In addition, the Personal Insolvency Act provides that the PIA may vary the terms of the secured 
debt, including variations with respect to interest payments, the term to maturity, capitalisation of arrears or 
reduction of the principal sum to a specified amount.  
The Personal Insolvency Act provides that where a PIA provides for the sale or other disposal of the property 
which is the subject of the security for a secured debt, and the realised value of that property is less than the 
amount due in respect of the secured debt, the balance due to the secured creditor will abate in equal proportion 
to the unsecured debts covered by the PIA and will be discharged with them on completion of the obligations 
specified in the PIA. 
The Personal Insolvency Act provides for certain specific protections for secured creditors, including: (i) where 
there is a sale or other disposal of the property the subject of the security, the secured creditor is entitled to the 
sale/disposal proceeds to discharge the debt up to the value of the security and (ii) where the security is retained 
by the secured creditor and the principal sum of the secured debt is reduced pursuant to the terms of the PIA, the 
principal sum cannot be reduced below the value of the security without the consent of the secured creditor and 
any such reduction of principal can be “clawed back” in favour of the secured creditor where the debtor sells or 
otherwise disposes of the property the subject of the security within twenty years of the PIA coming into effect.  
The Personal Insolvency Act also provides for certain specific protections for a debtor, including protection for 
the debtor’s ownership and occupation of his or her PDH subject to certain limits such as where the personal 
insolvency practitioner forms the opinion that the costs of the debtor continuing to reside in that PDH are 
disproportionately large. 
Bankruptcy 
Bankruptcy law in Ireland is set out in the Bankruptcy Act. The Personal Insolvency Act (in Part 4) provides for 
a number of amendments to the Bankruptcy Act. The bankruptcy regime has been further amended by the 
Bankruptcy (Amendment) Act 2015, which was signed into law on 25 December 2015, provides for several 
changes to the Irish bankruptcy regime for individuals, some of which took effect on 29 January 2016. These 
changes, which took effect on that date, include a reduction of the period for the automatic discharge from 
bankruptcy to one year. The remaining sections of the Bankruptcy (Amendment) Act 2015 came into effect on 1 
June 2016 under the Bankruptcy (Amendment) Act 2015 (Commencement) (No. 2) Order 2016. Amongst other 
things, the Bankruptcy (Amendment) Act 2015 provides for a reduction of the bankruptcy period from three years 
to one year so that every bankruptcy will be automatically discharged on the first anniversary of the date of the 
making of the adjudication order in respect of that bankruptcy (unless the court extends the period of bankruptcy, 
typically when there has been non-cooperation by the bankrupt or other irregular actions). The Bankruptcy 
(Amendment) Act 2015 also reduces the normal maximum duration of a bankruptcy payment order (a court order 
requiring a bankrupt individual to make payments for the benefit of his or her creditors from any surplus income 
or assets after the deduction of reasonable living expenses for him or her and any dependents) from five to three 
years, although it retains the maximum five-year duration in cases of non-cooperation or asset concealment. The 
Bankruptcy (Amendment) Act 2015 also provides that a bankrupt person’s legal interest in his or her home will 
revest in him or her after three years (subject to any outstanding mortgage), if the official assignee has neither 
sold it, nor applied to the High Court for an order permitting the sale of the house, before that date.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
EU Legislation 
EU Benchmarks Regulation 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation regulates the production and use of benchmarks and has applied since 1 January 
2018. Among other things, it imposes requirements on a supervised entity (including a credit institution) that uses 
a benchmark for specified purposes. A credit institution that uses a benchmark in mortgage credit contracts will 
be using a benchmark for the purposes of the benchmark regulation (with the exception of certain mortgage credit 
contracts having standard variable rates). Specifically, a supervised entity is restricted as to the types of 
benchmarks it may use. In addition, a supervised entity that uses a benchmark must produce and maintain robust 
written plans setting out the actions it would take in the event that a benchmark materially changes or ceases to 
be provided. It must also provide its relevant competent authority with those plans on request and reflect them in 
its contractual relationship with clients. 
On 23 October 2023, Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2222 extending the transition period for use of third-
country benchmarks in the EU, in accordance with Article 51(5) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, was published 
in the EU’s Official Journal. Following consecutive deferrals, rules under the EU Benchmarks Regulation were 
due to take effect from 1 January 2024, but have now been deferred to 1 January 2026. Under the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation, following expiry of the transition period, EU supervised entities would only be able to use benchmarks 
produced or administered in a third country if the third country concerned has a framework equivalent to that of 
the EU, or if the third-country benchmark is endorsed by an EU benchmark administrator, or if the benchmark is 
recognised in the EU. 
Distance Marketing Regulations 
The Distance Marketing Directive was implemented in Ireland by way of the European Communities (Distance 
Marketing of Consumer Financial Services) Regulations 2004 (“DM Regulations”). The DM Regulations apply 
to, inter alia, distance contracts for the supply of a financial service entered into on or after 15 February 2005 by 
means of distance communication (i.e., without any substantive simultaneous physical presence of the originator 
(or an agent of the originator) and the borrower). 
The DM Regulations require suppliers of financial services to be provided by way of distance communication to 
provide certain pre-contractual information to consumers. This information generally must be provided within a 
reasonable time before the consumer is bound by a distance contract for the supply of the financial services in 
question and includes, but is not limited to, general information in respect of the supplier and the financial service, 
contractual terms and conditions (including the price to be paid by consumers to the supplier of financial services) 
and whether or not there is a right of cancellation. 
Unlike certain other distance contracts for the supply of financial services, a consumer does not have the right 
under the DM Regulations to cancel a housing loan (within the meaning of the CCA) within the 14-day cooling-
off period introduced by the DM Regulations. However, failure by the supplier to comply with certain obligations 
under the DM Regulations may result in the distance contract being unenforceable against the consumer. The 
relevant obligations include (i) the provision of the prescribed pre-contractual information to the consumer; (ii) 
keeping a copy of all information provided to a consumer in relation to a distance contract in durable and tamper-
proof form; (iii) upon a request from the consumer, providing a hard paper copy of the distance contract; or (iv) 
changing the means of distance communication pursuant to a consumer request (unless to do so would be 
inconsistent with the contract or nature of the service). The discretion as to enforceability, lies with the courts, 
who if satisfied that the supplier’s non-compliance was not deliberate, the consumer has not been prejudiced by 
such non-compliance, and it is just and equitable to dispense with the relevant obligation, may decide that the 
contract is enforceable, subject to any conditions that the court sees fit to impose. 
On the 28 November 2023, updated rules for distance marketing of consumer financial services were published 
in the Official Journal (Directive (EU) 2023/2673). Directive (EU) 2023/2673 revises the current legal framework 
by repealing the Distance Marketing Directive while including new and updated rules regarding financial services 
contracts concluded at a distance in a new chapter of the Consumer Rights Directive (Directive 2011/83/EU), 
which protects consumers engaging in all types of commercial practices. The key aspects of the updated rules 
cover requirements on pre-contractual information, withdrawal functionality, the right to request human 
intervention and preventing the use of dark patterns. The new rules will come into force from 19 June 2026. 
Ireland and other EU Member States must publish their transposing legislation by 19 December 2025.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
Mortgage Credit Directive 
The Mortgage Credit Directive was transposed into Irish law by the Mortgage Credit Regulations. 
The Mortgage Credit Directive aims to improve consumer protection measures by introducing revised rules for 
residential mortgage lending which apply across the EU. The Mortgage Credit Directive is designed to create an 
efficient and competitive single market for consumers, creditors and credit intermediaries with a high level of 
consumer protection and to promote financial stability by ensuring that mortgage credit markets operate in a 
responsible manner. 
The Mortgage Credit Regulations apply to credit agreements with consumers which are secured by a mortgage or 
other comparable security on residential immovable property and to credit agreements the purpose of which is to 
acquire or retain property rights in land or in an existing or projected building. Member States are permitted to 
exclude certain credit agreements (such as bridging loans and credit agreements in respect of BTL properties) 
from the scope of the Mortgage Credit Directive where an appropriate national framework is in place to deal with 
such agreements. However, the Mortgage Credit Regulations have included these loans as being in scope. 
The Mortgage Credit Regulations apply to consumer mortgage lending by credit institutions and non-credit 
institutions and affects the activities of creditors (such as the Issuer), credit intermediaries and their appointed 
representatives. A “consumer” for the purposes of the Mortgage Credit Regulations is a natural person acting for 
purposes which are outside his or her trade, business or profession.  
The key elements of the Mortgage Credit Regulations are: 
• 
Transparency requirements: the Mortgage Credit Regulations require information to be provided to a 
consumer at a pre-contractual stage to enable a consumer to choose the mortgage product which best 
meets his or her needs. A creditor is required to provide a consumer with a European Standardised 
Information Sheet which will allow the consumer to compare terms and conditions of loans being offered 
by different lenders in the market and so identify the product that is most appropriate for him or her. A 
consumer must be given a minimum thirty-day reflection period before the conclusion of the credit 
agreement or, alternatively, a minimum seven-day right of withdrawal after the conclusion of the credit 
agreement;  
• 
Consumer safeguards: the Mortgage Credit Regulations oblige a creditor to conduct a thorough 
creditworthiness assessment before granting credit to a consumer; 
• 
Business conduct rules: the Mortgage Credit Regulations require a creditor and a credit intermediary to 
act in the consumer’s interests and imposes high-level standards regarding their remuneration structure. 
Member States are also required to establish minimum knowledge and competence requirements for 
lenders and credit intermediaries in accordance with the principles set out in the Mortgage Credit 
Directive. The MCC 2017 has applied since 3 January 2018, and prescribes minimum competency 
standards to persons exercising a controlled function in relation to mortgage credit agreements as set out 
in the Mortgage Credit Regulations; 
• 
Early repayment: the Mortgage Credit Regulations grant a consumer a general right to repay a relevant 
mortgage loan early. The Mortgage Credit Regulations provide that a creditor is entitled to fair and 
objective compensation for potential costs directly linked to the early repayment, where justified. Where 
it is a fixed-rate loan, early repayment can be subject to the existence of a legitimate interest on the part 
of the consumer, for example, in the event of divorce or unemployment;  
• 
Arrears and foreclosures: the Mortgage Credit Regulations require creditors to exercise reasonable 
forbearance before foreclosure proceedings are initiated, who must at a minimum comply with any code 
or similar measure put in place by the Central Bank on the handling of arrears. The Mortgage Credit 
Regulations require that any charge that a creditor may impose on a consumer arising from the 
consumer’s default, subject to the provisions of section 149 of the CCA and any requirements that may 
be imposed by the Central Bank from time to time, shall be no greater than is necessary to compensate 
the creditor for the costs it has incurred as a result of the default. Where, after foreclosure proceedings, 
outstanding debt remains, in order to protect the consumer, the creditor is required to put in place 
measures to facilitate repayment of the outstanding debt by the consumer.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
• 
Passport regime for credit intermediaries: the Mortgage Credit Regulations include principles for the 
authorisation and registration of credit intermediaries and the Mortgage Credit Directive establishes a 
passport regime for those intermediaries;  
• 
Non-credit institutions: the Mortgage Credit Regulations require the Central Bank to ensure that non-
credit institutions engaged in mortgage lending pursuant to the Mortgage Credit Directive are subject to 
an adequate admission process and to supervision arrangements, including entering the non-credit 
institution in a register; and 
• 
Amendment to the Consumer Credit Regulations: the Mortgage Credit Regulations amend the Consumer 
Credit Regulations by extending their application to an unsecured credit agreement which is provided 
for the purpose of renovating a residential immovable property involving a total amount of credit in 
excess of €75,000.  
• 
Amendment to the Mortgage Credit Regulations: the Mortgage Credit Regulations were amended by the 
European Communities (Consumer Mortgage Credit Agreements) (Amendment) Regulations 2018 and 
apply since 1 July 2018. One amendment requires lenders to provide certain information to consumers 
in respect of a mortgage credit agreement referring to a benchmark (as that term is defined in the EU 
Benchmark Regulation). 
• 
Amendments to the Mortgage Credit Regulations: the Mortgage Credit Regulations were amended by 
the CSCP Regulations. One particular amendment requires that a creditor must communicate prescribed 
information to a consumer before modifying the terms and conditions of an existing credit agreement 
entered into between the original creditor and the consumer. 
The Issuer engages in lending to consumers which is subject to the Mortgage Credit Regulations.  
Credit Servicing  
The EU directive on credit servicers and credit purchasers (2021/2167) entered into force on 28 December 2021 
(the “Credit Servicing Directive”) and was transposed into Irish law by the CSCP Regulations with effect from 
30 December 2023. The Credit Servicing Directive sets out authorisation and supervision requirements for credit 
servicers and prescribes minimum requirements for credit servicing arrangements. The Credit Servicing Directive 
also requires further standardisation in the data requirements for sales of non-performing credit agreements. 
The new EU-based regime for credit servicing operates alongside Ireland’s existing domestic credit servicing 
regime, under the Central Bank Acts 1997. 
Land and Conveyancing Law Reform Acts 
Title to land in Ireland takes one of two forms: registered and unregistered. Both these systems of title include 
freehold and leasehold property. A freehold title is the closest title to absolute ownership which a property owner 
may hold. A leasehold title means that the property is held for a term of years subject to certain covenants and 
conditions. A long lease (generally for a term of in excess of 35 years) would normally reserve a nominal annual 
rent.  
The LCLRA 2009 is the primary piece of legislation in Ireland applicable to land law, conveyancing practice and 
the law of mortgages, including the creation of mortgages and the powers and rights of holders of mortgage 
security.  
The LCLRA 2009 applies to all mortgages granted on and from 1 December 2009 with the old law applying to 
mortgages put in place prior to that date. The old law allowed the creation of a mortgage by transfer of ownership 
of unregistered land (conveyance or demise). This was effectively abolished by the LCLRA 2009. The LCLRA 
2009 makes the method of creating mortgages over unregistered land consistent with that over registered land, 
that is, by way of charge. However, there are differences in how security takes effect over registered and 
unregistered land. A legal charge over registered land only takes effect in full once it has been registered in the 
Land Registry. A legal charge over unregistered land takes effect immediately once it is created. For registered 
land, although there are certain burdens set out in Section 72 of the Registration of Title Act, 1964 which affect 
registered land without registration, in general, save in the case of judgment mortgages, the register in the Land

--- Page 143 ---
143 
Registry governs priorities which are determined by the date of registration. Priorities of interests in unregistered 
land are more complex and are determined by the date of registration of the documents in the Registry of Deeds 
and the doctrine of notice (save in the case of judgment mortgages). There is no change under the LCLRA 2009 
to the creation of an equitable mortgage over unregistered land (for example, by deposit of title deeds).  
Chapter 3 of Part 10 of the LCLRA 2009 addresses the obligations, powers and rights of holders of mortgage 
security. The provisions apply only to mortgages created by deed after 1 December 2009 and mortgages created 
before that date therefore continue to be governed by the old rules. It is not possible to contract out of the 
provisions of Chapter 3 of Part 10 in the case of housing loans. Chapter 3 of Part 10 of the LCLRA 2009 also 
deals with taking possession, power of sale, applications for court orders for possession and/or sale and 
conveyance on sale. A court order for taking possession, and a court order for sale must be obtained, unless the 
mortgagor has consented in writing not more than 7 days’ prior to the taking of possession or the exercise of the 
power of sale respectively (an application for a court order for sale and possession may be heard together). In the 
case of an order for sale, 28 days prior notice must be given to the mortgagor in a prescribed form warning of the 
possibility of such sale. This notice requirement does not apply in the case of an order for possession. Chapter 3 
of Part 10 of the LCLRA 2009 provides that the Circuit Court has exclusive jurisdiction in relation to any 
application for an order for sale or order for possession which concerns property which is subject to a housing 
loan mortgage and any such application must be made in the circuit where the property is situated. 
The LCLRA 2013 is important in the context of the procedural right to seek an order for possession of a PDH of 
a mortgagor or that of his or her spouse/partner. The LCLRA 2019 amends the LCLRA 2013 to require a court to 
take into account a range of factors when considering whether or not to grant an order for possession in respect of 
a PDH and to allow the court the discretion to take these factors into account when considering whether to make 
any other order it considers appropriate in the circumstances of the proceedings. The relevant factors are (a) 
whether the making of the order would be proportionate in all the circumstances; (b) the circumstances of the 
borrower and his or her dependants for whom the property the subject of the proceedings is their PDH; (c) whether 
the lender has made a statement to the borrower of the terms on which it would be prepared to settle the matter in 
such a way that the borrower and his or her dependants could remain in the PDH; (d) details of any proposal put 
forward by or on behalf of the borrower either: (i) to enable him or her, or any dependants, to remain in the PDH; 
or (ii) to secure alternative accommodation; (e) any response of the lender to the borrower’s proposal to remain 
in the PDH; and (f) the conduct of the parties in any attempt to find a resolution to the borrower’s mortgage 
arrears. The LCLRA 2013 also provides that the court may adjourn proceedings for a maximum of two months to 
enable a mortgagor to consider a PIA under the Personal Insolvency Act. If significant progress has been made 
on a proposal for a personal insolvency arrangement under the Personal Insolvency Act at the end of the two 
months, the proceedings may be adjourned further. See Personal Insolvency Act for further information on the 
Personal Insolvency Act.  
In November 2009, the Circuit Court issued a practice direction pursuant to the Circuit Court Rules entitled 
‘Actions for Possession’ providing that no order for possession shall be made on the initial return date (i.e. the 
first hearing date) but rather the proceedings shall be adjourned to such later date as the County Registrar considers 
just in the circumstances. This has the effect of an automatic delay on possession proceedings. 
 
Central Bank’s Regulatory & Supervisory Outlook Report  
The Central Bank’s Regulatory & Supervisory Outlook Report 2024 outlines key trends, risks, and regulatory 
priorities for the financial sector. This report highlights the Central Bank’s approach to maintaining financial 
stability and consumer protection amidst a constantly changing environment. The Central Bank’s overarching 
supervisory objective is to ensure a stable, resilient, and trustworthy financial sector, operating sustainably in the 
best interests of consumers and the wider economy.  There is a requirement on firms to understand the risks and 
supervisory expectations and review against current business activities, practice, procedures and system. Any 
deficiencies identified should be actively managed to closure.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION OF THE ISSUER 
Board of Directors 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there are eight members of the board of directors of the Issuer as set out 
below. Four members of the board of directors of the Issuer are currently employees of the Group. Four members 
of the board of directors of the Issuer are not, at the date of this Base Prospectus and never have been, employees 
of any member of the Group and three of these directors are non-executive directors of other members of the 
Group. Two of the eight members of the board of directors of the Issuer are executive directors, and the remaining 
six members of the board of directors are non-executive directors of the Issuer. 
The names, business addresses and principal outside activities of the members of the board of directors of the 
Issuer are listed below. 
Members 
Principal Outside Activities 
Eamonn Quinn (Chair & Independent Non-Executive Director) 
Consulting, Advisory and Professional Director 
Services 
Kevin Gahan (Managing Director)  
10 Molesworth Street, Dublin 2, Ireland 
Group Financial Controller, AIB Bank 
Director of two other AIB Group companies. 
Gerry 
Gaffney 
(Executive 
Director 
- 
Finance) 
10 Molesworth Street, Dublin 2, Ireland 
Senior Finance Business Partner, Finance, AIB 
Bank 
Director of two other AIB Group companies. 
Paul Owens (Independent Non-Executive Director) 
10 Molesworth Street, Dublin 2, Ireland 
Director of various companies including another 
AIB Group Company.   
Yvonne Hill (Independent Non-Executive Director) 
10 Molesworth Street, Dublin 2, Ireland 
Director of various companies including another 
AIB Group Company.   
Andrew Maguire (Non-Executive Director) 
10 Molesworth Street, Dublin 2, Ireland 
Director of various companies including two other 
AIB Group companies.   
Padraig Brosnan (Non-Executive Director) 
10 Molesworth Street, Dublin 2, Ireland 
Head of Finance Business Partners, AIB Bank 
Carol Meehan (Non-Executive Director) 
10 Molesworth Street, Dublin 2, Ireland 
Commercial Director, AIB Homes, AIB Bank 
The Company Secretary of the Issuer is Diane Lumsden. The Assistant Company Secretaries are Conor Gouldson 
and Aeilish McGovern. 
As far as is known to the Issuer, other than as may arise from an individual director’s principal outside activities 
listed in each case above or, in the case of current or former employees or officers of the Group, other roles within 
the Group, no potential conflicts of interest exist between any duties to the Issuer or the board of directors of the 
Issuer and their private interests or other duties in respect of their management roles. 
As a credit institution authorised by the Central Bank, the Issuer is subject to the CGC Code and, for that purpose, 
has been designated a ‘high impact’ credit institution (which is a classification used by PRISM). Since January 
2016 the CGC Code has applied to credit institutions. The CGC Code requirements are similar in nature to the 
requirements that previously applied to the Issuer under the Corporate Governance Code for Credit Institutions 
and Insurance Undertakings 2010 (and which came into effect on 1 January 2011). The CGC Code contains the 
minimum requirements that a credit institution shall meet in the interests of promoting strong and effective 
governance. The CGC Code is imposed in addition to, and does not affect, any other corporate governance

--- Page 145 ---
145 
obligations and standards to which a credit institution is otherwise subject (including under conditions and/or 
requirements set out in the licence or authorisation of credit institutions). Amongst other things, the Revised CGC 
Code requires that a high impact credit institution must have at least three independent non-executive directors 
and a minimum of seven directors on the board. However, the Central Bank has granted derogation to the Issuer 
from these requirements on the basis that the board of directors of the Issuer continues to have at least two 
independent non-executive directors and a total of five directors on the board. This is consistent with an 
authorisation requirement imposed on the Issuer in 2006 that there should be a minimum of two non-executive 
directors who are independent of the Issuer’s parent.  
Outsourcing Agreement with AIB Bank 
Under the Outsourcing Agreement, AIB Bank has agreed to provide the Issuer with administration and agency 
services and assistance in relation to the origination, maintenance and enforcement of the Issuer’s Irish residential 
loans and related treasury, funding and deposit taking activities including administration of customer accounts, 
customer relations, product development, market strategy, risk management, regulatory and company secretarial 
matters, human resources, payroll, information related matters, technology and other services, financial control 
and project management services for the Issuer. AIB Bank may sub-contract or delegate its powers under the 
Outsourcing Agreement to other members of the Group including the Issuer but any such sub-contracting or 
delegation will not abrogate or relieve AIB Bank of any of its obligations under the Outsourcing Agreement. See 
also Irish Residential Loan Origination and Servicing – Mortgage Servicing. 
In addition, under a liquidity management agreement dated 29 January 2014 between AIB Bank and the Liquidity 
Sub-Group, AIB Bank manages, and reports on, the liquidity of the Liquidity Sub-Group (which includes the 
Issuer) in accordance with the requirements of CRD IV.  
The Issuer may from time to time outsource activities to AIB Bank, other members of the Group or entities who 
are not members of the Group, subject to applicable legal and regulatory requirements.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
IRISH RESIDENTIAL LOAN ORIGINATION AND SERVICING 
Introduction 
On 13 February 2006, AIB Bank transferred approximately €13.6 billion of Irish residential loans and related 
security held by it to the Issuer. Those Irish residential loans were originated by AIB Bank prior to 13 February 
2006. They were transferred by AIB Bank to the Issuer on 13 February 2006 pursuant to a scheme made under 
the ACS Act and the provisions of the ACS Act. On 25 February 2011, pursuant to that scheme and the provisions 
of the ACS Act, AIB Bank transferred to the Issuer approximately €4.2 billion Irish residential loans and related 
security that had been originated through mortgage intermediaries.  
During the course of 2013, two Group restructures, aimed at achieving efficiencies across the mortgage business, 
impacted on the business of the Issuer. 
The Lending Criteria and mortgage servicing arrangements described below (see – Lending Criteria and Mortgage 
Servicing) apply to all of the Issuer’s current Irish residential mortgage lending, whether through the AIB Bank 
branch network or through other origination channels. 
The Lending Criteria have been impacted by the Central Bank’s LTV/LTI Regulations.  
Lending Criteria  
The following Lending Criteria are applied at the date of this Base Prospectus in respect of the Irish residential 
lending by the Issuer: 
Key Lending Criteria 
(a) 
Maximum loan size is determined by reference to the NDI, LTI and the following LTV conditions:  
• 
First Time Buyers, Non First Time Buyers and Switcher Mortgage Lending / refinance 
of existing housing loan including where additional funds are requested or Equity 
Release: Maximum LTV is 90 percent 
• 
One Bedroom Properties: Maximum LTV is 80 percent (lending for studio apartments with 
a market value which is less than €275,000 is out of scope). 
• 
PDH Self-Builds: The ‘value’ for purposes of calculating LTV is based on the lower of the site 
value plus allowable build costs but excludes legal fees, stamp duty etc. or the estimated value 
of the property on completion (as estimated by a member of the Group’s residential valuer 
panel). 
(b) 
The level of finance for residential investment property, whether a new standalone property or a new 
property that will become part of an existing portfolio (including holiday homes and second homes not 
dependent on rental income) may not exceed a LTV of 70 percent. The combined portfolio may not 
exceed a LTV of 75 percent following the addition of the new property except in the following 
circumstances: 
• 
Where the combined brand portfolio BTL LTV is currently > 75 percent and <100 percent, an 
additional BTL property purchase at maximum LTV of 70 percent can be considered, if the 
purchase of the property is improving the portfolio LTV and all loan exposures in the portfolio 
are fully amortising to the terms. 
(c) 
Maximum term 35 years, subject to clearance by the 69th birthday (or the 71st birthday, subject to 
documentary confirmation of employment) or on retirement if earlier; and for self-employed customers 
by the 71st birthday. Residential investment property loans and loans for holiday homes and second / 
other homes not dependent on rental income may be sanctioned for a maximum period of 25 years and 
are also subject to clearance by ages applicable to PDH loans.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
(d) 
Minimum loan €25,000 for PDH / BTL lending (excluding Top Up and Equity Release) and €10,000 
for Top Up and Equity Release. 
(e) 
Borrowers must have a minimum age of 18 years. 
Negative Equity Trade-Down Mortgages as a forbearance measure are available to existing customers of the 
Group who have their PDH mortgage with the Issuer, who are in negative equity, who have sufficient repayment 
capacity and who wish to sell their existing PDH and to move to a new PDH the value of which is lower or equal 
to the value of their existing PDH. The criteria as set out in the AIB Bank residential mortgage lending policy will 
apply in conjunction with the following additional criteria: 
(a) 
Seek prior approval from AIB to (i) dispose of the existing property and (ii) for the new mortgage 
where the applicant is purchasing a new PDH.  
(b) 
The customer must provide an independent valuation from a member of the Group’s valuer panel for 
the PDH being sold.  
(c) 
The maximum LTV on the purchase price of the new property is 100 percent 
(d) 
A maximum of 125 percent LTV on the combined purchase price and balance of residual debt on the 
original mortgage. 
(e) 
Maximum loan amount (including residual debt) of the new mortgage must be lower or equal to the 
existing mortgage. 
Repayment Capacity 
(a) 
The two key tests used in assessing an applicant’s ability to repay a mortgage are the NDI and the LTI 
limit. These tests are interdependent and the applicant must satisfy both tests. 
(i) 
Net Disposable Income – the residual net monthly sustainable income after meeting 
the stressed loan payment and any other regular monthly outgoings (i.e. other loan 
repayments, childcare costs and/or maintenance payments etc.). 
(ii) 
For all new lending to First Time Buyer(s), for PDH purposes, the maximum amount 
borrowed must be less than or equal to 4 times gross annual income, unless macro 
prudential measures criteria is met, in which case this increases to less than or equal to 
4.5 times gross annual income. 
(iii) 
For all new lending to Non First Time Buyer(s) (including Switcher Mortgage requests 
for additional funds), for PDH purposes, the maximum amount borrowed must be less 
than or equal to 3.5 times gross annual income, unless macro prudential measures 
criteria is met, in which case this increases to less than or equal to 4.5 times gross 
annual income. 
(iv) 
For all Switcher Mortgages that do not include a request for additional funds, for PDH 
purposes, the maximum amount borrowed must be less than or equal to 4.5 times gross 
annual income. 
(b) 
For stress testing purposes, when determining NDI for new PDH/BTL mortgages, the Issuer assumes 
a mortgage repayment based on the offered rate plus 2.00 percent, subject to a floor of 5.15 percent for 
PDH and 6.2 percent for BTL. Offered interest rate is defined as the higher of: a) the current highest 
new variable interest rate; or b) the current highest new 1 to 4 year fixed interest rate. The interest rate 
stress test must be completed therefore at the higher of: a) the current highest new variable interest rate 
plus 2 percent; or b) the current highest new 1 to 4 year fixed interest rate plus 2 percent; or c) the stress 
test floor as defined in the policy. 
(c) 
Stress Testing Non Euro Income. Where a customer derives part or all of their income from a non-Euro 
currency, the non-Euro gross annual income must be stress tested at a 20 percent stress factor on the 
foreign exchange spot rate, at the time of credit assessment, to mitigate against currency risk.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
(d) 
For all tracker interest rate customers, i.e. customers with mortgage loans on interest rates based on the 
ECB main refinancing rate plus an agreed margin over that rate, purchasing a new PDH and retaining 
the existing PDH as a BTL, the Issuer stresses the existing debt at the current tracker rate plus 2 percent, 
subject to a floor of 4 percent. For customers with existing PDH tracker interest rate loans, where an 
existing PDH is being sold and applicants are purchasing a new PDH, as the borrower will retain 
some/all of existing PDH mortgage and tracker rate attaching, the Issuer stresses the mortgage 
repayment on the tracker element of the new mortgage at the current tracker rate plus 1 percent (margin 
related) plus 2 percent subject to a floor of 4 percent.  
Funding Balance of Purchase Price 
Documentary evidence must be obtained to verify the source of funding for the difference between the purchase 
price and loan amount. The balance must not be funded by borrowings, except in circumstances where customer 
is seeking an equity release on unencumbered BTL properties to finance in part the deposit on an additional BTL 
property. 
Security 
(a) 
First legal mortgage/charge on the residential property being purchased must be obtained. 
(b) 
Life/fire cover to be put in place – the Issuer’s interest noted/assignment taken only where required by 
security procedures. 
Documentation 
Evidence of income is submitted with each application. Independent professional property valuation reports from 
a member of the Group’s valuer panel are required in all cases. The following documentary evidence is obtained 
and held on the home mortgage loan file of the sanctioning authority. 
PAYE Employment: 
For employees who pay taxes under the PAYE system, verification of income must take the form of:  
(a) 
Employment Detail Summary; 
(b) 
Salary certificate; 
(c) 
3 most recent payslips; 
(d) 
Evidence of all other existing financial commitments; 
(e) 
Most recent 6 months’ bank statements for any non-AIB Group plc main current accounts (or 3 months 
in the case of customers applying for Switcher or Top Up mortgages); and 
(f) 
Evidence of recent 6 months’ mortgage payments (where a current mortgage exists). 
The assessment should be made allowing for sustainable income only. However, some on-going allowances e.g. 
car/shift allowance can be included provided these are consistent each month and confirmed as guaranteed by the 
employer. Where it is proposed to include some non-guaranteed additional income (overtime, bonus etc.),  it must 
be supported by a proven track record. Evidence of the same, showing the income from the past 3 years, is 
required.   Generally, while a cautious approach is taken, up to 100 percent of the 3 year average of the confirmed 
non-guaranteed income can be considered on a case by case basis, subject to a 75 percent cap on variable income 
as a percentage of core income. Where more variable income is factored into the income sustainability 
calculations, this must be captured as an exception to policy.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
Self Employed Applicants: 
Key documentation required to inform assessment is as follows: 
(a) 
Evidence of previous income i.e. minimum 2 years audited accounts;  
(b) 
2-3 most recent Revenue confirmation of declared level of income; 
(c) 
Evidence of all other financial commitments; 
(d) 
Most recent 6 months’ bank statements for any non-AIB Group plc main current accounts (or 3 months 
in the case of customers applying for Switcher or Top Up mortgages); and 
(e) 
Evidence of recent 6 months’ mortgage payments (where a current mortgage exists). 
Contract Employment: 
Contract employment has become an increasing feature of the employment market in both the private and public 
sector. Sustainability of income is a key factor when assessing applications and this is more difficult when income 
is derived from contract or temporary employment. In such cases sustainability is strongly linked to the education 
qualifications and skills of the applicant, the demand for such skills and the strength of their employer.  
Normal credit assessment criteria will apply and some or all of the following additional items should be sought 
where deemed relevant, where an applicant is in contract employment and seeking mortgage approval: 
• 
employment type; 
• 
details about employer; 
• 
past track record of earnings including documentary evidence of same; 
• 
sector employed in and length of experience in the sector; and 
• 
qualifications held (curriculum vitae if deemed relevant) and transferability of skills. 
Anti-Money Laundering 
Full compliance with the AML Acts and related guidance notes is required (including obtaining documentary 
verification of identity and address). 
Mortgage Top-Ups/Equity Release/Switcher with additional funds (Principal dwelling house)  
Applications for top ups/equity release will be subject to the normal assessment and approval process subject to 
the following additional criteria: 
(a) 
Maximum LTV to be calculated on the total amount of the borrowing i.e. existing balance plus the 
amount of the top up cannot exceed 90 percent where the NDI levels are met. 
(b) 
Normal minimum amount €10,000. 
(c) 
Evidence of expenditure for the top up/ equity releases/ switcher with additional funds is required in all 
cases. 
Applications for top-ups/ equity releases/ switcher with additional funds will be considered for the following 
purposes: 
• 
Expenditure on the mortgaged property;  
• 
Grant aided renewable energy and other energy efficient home improvements;

--- Page 150 ---
150 
• 
Inheritance related taxes on the property to be mortgaged; 
• 
Family support for dependent(s), into a house purchase;  
• 
Separation agreement to pay a lump sum; 
• 
Repairs/renovations on another property mortgaged by the Issuer;  
• 
Reimbursement of own resources and/or a family members’ resources used to purchase or renovate their 
PDH (including re-imbursement of own funds for initial works commenced on PDH self-builds); 
• 
Education expenses; and 
• 
Medical expenses. 
Switcher Mortgages  
Switcher Mortgage propositions will be considered subject to the following considerations: 
• 
A loan to refinance an applicant’s existing mortgage borrowings from another lender. 
• 
The maximum LTV the Issuer will consider for Switcher Mortgages is 90 percent (i.e. Switcher 
Mortgages without advance of additional funds). For PDH purposes the maximum LTI is 4.5 times gross 
annual income. 
• 
For Switcher Mortgage propositions with additional funds, all lending rules apply i.e. LTV (up to 90 
percent), LTI and NDI. 
• 
Normal credit assessment and process will apply.  
• 
An independent valuation from a member of the Group’s valuer panel will be required as part of the 
assessment. 
PDH Self-Build Mortgages: 
Applications for self-build properties will be considered and repayment capacity is assessed for the amount sought 
as in the case for all mortgage applications. In the case of self-build property applications, an interest only option 
is available for the construction period up to a maximum of 12 months from initial stage drawdown. Where interest 
only option is availed of, repayments must then be provided over the remaining years of the original term. 
Repayment capacity should be assessed taking into account any potential overruns. Additional information is 
required for PDH self-builds, prior to sanction, as follows; 
• 
a copy of full and final grant of planning permission; 
• 
detailed certified costings certified by an accredited professional; and 
• 
certificate of compliance supported by copy of architects’/engineers’ professional indemnity insurance. 
Renovations and Partially Complete Builds: 
The Issuer will consider applications for renovations for the following reasons: 
• 
Renovations as part of an application to purchase a second hand property in need of repair or upgrade, 
• 
Purchase of a new PDH property which is partially built and needs to be completed (such loans are not 
eligible for inclusion in the Pool until after the completion of the build).

--- Page 151 ---
151 
The Issuer adopts a prudent approach to such applications and distinguishes between substantial or structural 
renovation projects which can add significant value to a property and cosmetic refurbishments which may not add 
significant value to a property (e.g. new kitchen, bathrooms etc.). 
On completion of the renovations, including those for partially complete builds, the LTV of the completed 
property must always remain within the Issuer’s maximum LTV criteria. 
Property Valuations 
An original independent professional property valuation must be provided by a member of the Issuer’s valuer 
panel and must be signed and stamped for all new lending, including for all top-up cases.  
Changes to Credit Policy and Exceptions 
Credit Policy rules are subject to periodic review and any changes are subject to appropriate governance. There is 
a limited appetite for policy exceptions, however, in exceptional circumstances these can be considered on a case 
by case basis. 
The Issuer is subject to the CCMA (See Certain Aspects of Regulation of Residential Lending in Ireland - CCMA). 
The LTV/LTI Regulations to which the Issuer and Group are subject allow for a certain level of exceptions to the 
required criteria as outlined below: 
LTI limit exceptions  
–  
should not exceed 15 percent for first time buyers and 15 percent for second and subsequent buyers of 
the total aggregate monetary amount of new loans advanced for PDH purposes by the Issuer on an annual 
basis. Lifetime Mortgages and Switcher/Refinance mortgages (with no increase in capital) are exempt 
from the LTI limits. 
LTV limit exceptions  
–  
should not exceed 10 percent of the total aggregate monetary amount of loans advanced for BTL purposes 
by the Issuer under the BTL loan to value limit. 
The LTI and LTV policy exceptions will be reported internally on a monthly basis and will be reported half yearly 
to the Central Bank. 
Mortgage Servicing 
Introduction 
AIB Bank has been appointed Mortgage Servicer by the Issuer under the Outsourcing Agreement to service and 
administer the Issuer’s Irish loans, their related security and certain other related matters. Under the terms of the 
Outsourcing Agreement, the Mortgage Servicer may at its own cost sub-contract or delegate its powers and 
obligations under the Outsourcing Agreement, to the other members of the Group or external parties. Any such 
sub-contracting or delegation will not abrogate or relieve the Mortgage Servicer of any of its obligations under 
the Outsourcing Agreement. 
AIB Bank has agreed under the Outsourcing Agreement to service the Issuer’s Irish residential loans with the 
same level of skill, care and diligence as it would in managing those Irish residential loans advanced by any Group 
member. 
Mortgage Rates 
The interest rates on the Issuer’s Irish residential loans are kept under review in the context of competitive pricing 
in the market and the cost of and the availability of funds to the Issuer and AIB Bank. Interest is calculated on the 
amount owing by a borrower (including, but not limited to, capitalised interest) and is adjusted daily to take 
account of principal repayments.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
Payments from Borrowers 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, payments of principal and interest by borrowers in respect of mortgage credit 
assets comprised in the Pool are usually made monthly in respect of the residential loans held by the Issuer. Such 
payments are collected by the Mortgage Servicer and are credited at least on a monthly basis into an account 
maintained by the Issuer with an appropriately rated bank.  
Arrears, Default and Enforcement Procedures  
AIB Bank, as a Mortgage Servicer for the Issuer, has well established procedures for managing loans that are in 
arrears, including early contact with borrowers in order to find a solution to any financial difficulties they may be 
experiencing. These procedures, as from time to time varied in accordance with industry practice, are applied by 
the Mortgage Servicer under the terms of the Outsourcing Agreement in respect of arrears arising on the Issuer’s 
Irish residential mortgage loans. 
The Mortgage Servicer will endeavour to collect all payments due under or in connection with the Issuer’s 
mortgage loans, but having regard to the circumstances of the borrower in each case and in compliance with the 
relevant Regulatory framework, including CCMA and CPC. The procedures may include making arrangements 
whereby a borrower’s payments may be varied and/or taking legal action for possession of the relevant residential 
property and the subsequent sale of that residential property, in each case in accordance with applicable legal 
requirements. An Irish court may exercise discretion as to whether, on application by the lender, it orders the 
borrower to vacate the property after a default and as to how long the borrower is given to vacate the property. A 
lender will usually apply for such an order so that it can sell the property with vacant possession. See Certain 
Aspects of Regulation of Residential Lending in Ireland - Land and Conveyancing Law Reform Acts. 
The net proceeds of sale of the property (after payment of costs and expenses of the sale) together with any sums 
paid by a guarantor of the relevant borrower will be applied against the sums owing from the borrower to the 
extent necessary to discharge the loan. Where the funds arising from application of the above procedures are 
insufficient to pay all amounts owing in respect of a loan, such funds will be applied first in paying principal 
owing and secondly in paying interest and costs in respect of such loan. 
The Issuer is subject to the CCMA (see Certain Aspects of Regulation of Residential Lending in Ireland – CCMA), 
and the Central Bank’s CPC. See Certain Aspects of Regulation of Residential Lending in Ireland – CPC. 
See also Risk Factors – Risks relating to the Securities - Value and realisation of security over residential property  
Redemption 
Under the Outsourcing Agreement, the Mortgage Servicer is responsible for handling the procedures connected 
with the redemption of Irish residential loans held by the Issuer.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
RESTRICTIONS ON THE ACTIVITIES OF AN INSTITUTION 
The ACS Act provides that an Institution may not carry on a business activity other than a permitted business 
activity (see below), although entities which hold more than one designation (relating to residential mortgage 
credit, commercial mortgage credit and/or public credit activities) may carry out the permitted activities in respect 
of the relevant designations. 
Permitted business activities in which an Institution may engage 
The list of permitted business activities in which an Institution may engage (subject to the restrictions described 
below) is set out in the ACS Act. These are: 
(a) 
providing mortgage credit, dealing in and holding mortgage credit assets and providing group mortgage 
trust services; 
(b) 
dealing in and holding substitution assets; 
(c) 
dealing in and holding assets that the Central Bank requires it to hold for regulatory purposes; 
(d) 
dealing in and holding credit transaction assets; 
(e) 
engaging in activities connected with financing or refinancing the classes of assets and other activities 
referred to in (a) to (g); 
(f) 
entering into certain hedging contracts for the purpose of hedging risks associated with the foregoing 
activities at (a) to (e) and dealing in and holding Pool Hedge Collateral; and 
(g) 
engaging in activities that are incidental or ancillary to the foregoing activities at (a) to (f). 
An explanation of certain of the categories of permitted business activities is set out below. 
Permitted business activities – (a) providing mortgage credit and dealing in and holding mortgage credit 
assets and providing group mortgage trust services 
The ACS Act defines “mortgage credit” as any kind of financial obligation in respect of money borrowed or 
raised that is secured by a mortgage, charge or other security on residential property or commercial property, but 
only if the property is located in: 
(a) 
Ireland; 
(b) 
any EEA country; 
(c) 
Australia, Canada, Japan, New Zealand, the Swiss Confederation, the United States of America, or a 
country specified in an order made by the Minister; or 
(d) 
a country, other than a country to which paragraph (a), (b) or (c) relates, that is a full member of the 
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, but only if it has not rescheduled its external 
debt during the immediately preceding 5 years. 
The ACS Act provides that for the purposes of the mortgage credit definition, “other security” in relation to 
residential or commercial property located outside Ireland, means a kind of security interest over that property 
that is recognised as a valid security interest under the lex situs of that property. 
Under the ACS Act, mortgage credit also includes any kind of credit for the time being designated by an order of 
the Minister under the ACS Act. The ACS Act authorises the Minister by order to declare credit of a specified 
kind to be no longer mortgage credit for those purposes. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, no orders have 
been made by the Minister under the ACS Act adding to or reducing the class of mortgage credits.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
A “residential property” means a building or part of a building that is used or is suitable for use as a dwelling, 
and includes the land on which the building is constructed and premises that are used in connection with a 
dwelling, such as a garden, patio, garage or shed. 
A “commercial property” means: 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (b) below:  
(i) 
a building or part of a building fixed on land that is used, or is set aside to be used, primarily for 
the purpose of any industry, trade or other business undertaking, and 
(ii) 
includes the land on which such building or such part of a building, as the case may be, is 
located, and the fixtures that are used in conjunction with such building or such part of a 
building, as the case may be, 
(b) 
but does not include: 
(i) 
a building or part of a building that is fixed on land that is used, or is set aside to be used, 
primarily for the purpose of any mine, quarry or agriculture, or 
(ii) 
subject to the exception referred to below, a building or part of a building that is residential 
property. 
The exception referred to at paragraph (b) (ii) above is where a mortgage credit asset is secured on a single property 
asset that would otherwise constitute commercial property in part and residential property in part, then that 
mortgage credit asset is to be regarded for the purposes of the ACS Act as secured only on commercial property. 
A “mortgage credit asset” is defined in the ACS Act with respect to Institutions as an asset or a property held or 
to be held by an Institution that comprises one or more mortgage credits and does not include Pool Hedge 
Collateral. 
Under the ACS Act “group mortgage trust services” are, with respect to Institutions, services provided by an 
Institution to one or more of its other corporate group members: 
(a) 
which involve the Institution holding mortgage security or if applicable, collateral security on trust for 
one or more of such members, and 
(b) 
where, under that trust, the Institution holds an interest in that security for one or more such members 
and for its own behalf. 
A “mortgage security” means a mortgage, charge or other security (for the purposes of the definition of mortgage 
credit) which secure assets that comprise one or more mortgage credits and “collateral security” means any 
security, guarantee, indemnity or insurance which secures, in addition to mortgage security, assets that comprise 
mortgage credit. 
Where an Institution holds mortgage security and, if applicable, collateral security subject to a trust as a 
consequence of providing group mortgage trust services to other corporate group members, under the ACS Act: 
(a) 
mortgage credit assets do not include group entity assets, 
(b) 
for the purpose of determining what security held by the Institution is protected under Part 7 of the ACS 
Act as part of the Pool, only mortgage security and, if applicable, collateral security to the extent such 
security secures mortgage credit assets held by the Institution are protected as part of the Pool; and 
(c) 
as regards recourse by the Institution or other group members to such security to satisfy their respective 
claims: 
(i) 
such claims held by the Institution for its own benefit until they are discharged in full rank in 
priority to claims held by other group members; and

--- Page 155 ---
155 
(ii) 
any terms of the trust or any agreement between the Institution or other group members 
purporting to provide for a different priority as between such claims is void. 
For the purposes of the above, “group entity assets” means any assets that comprise one or more mortgage credits 
held by other group members where those assets are secured by mortgage security and if applicable, collateral 
security and that security is comprised in a trust constituted for the purposes of group mortgage trust services. 
Permitted business activities – (b) dealing in and holding substitution assets 
The ACS Act defines substitution assets as: 
(a) 
exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1, credit quality step 2 or credit quality 
step 3 (within the meaning of CRD IV), where those exposures are in the form of short-term deposits 
with an original maturity not exceeding 100 days, where used to meet the cover pool liquidity buffer 
requirement of Article 16 of the Covered Bonds Directive (see Cover Assets Pool – Liquidity buffer); 
and 
(b) 
any asset designated a substitution asset in an order made by the Minister under the ACS Act, 
in each case excluding any such assets that comprise any Pool Hedge Collateral. 
The ACS Act provides that any assets of the type referred to at (b) above must be an exposure to a credit institution 
within the meaning of CRD IV. The Minister under the ACS Act may by order designate a specified kind of 
property to be a substitution asset for the purposes of the ACS Act or declare a specified kind of property to be no 
longer a substitution asset for those purposes. At the date of this Base Prospectus, no such order has been made 
by the Minister. 
The ACS Act provides that an Institution shall not include in a Pool maintained by it a substitution asset, unless 
the asset is an exposure to a credit institution that qualifies for credit quality step 1 or credit quality step 2, or 
credit quality step 3 (in each case within the meaning of CRD IV) where the exposure is in the form of a short-
term deposit with an original maturity not exceeding 100 days, where used to meet the Pool liquidity buffer 
requirement of Article 16 of the Covered Bonds Directive, and 
(a) 
in the case of an exposure to a credit institution that qualifies for credit quality step 1, all such exposures 
shall not exceed 15 percent of the nominal amount of outstanding Mortgage Covered Securities of the 
issuing Institution; 
(b) 
in the case of an exposure to a credit institution that qualifies for credit quality step 2, all such exposures 
shall not exceed 10 percent of the nominal amount of outstanding Mortgage Covered Securities of the 
issuing Institution; 
(c) 
in the case of an exposure to a credit institution that qualifies for credit quality step 3 that take the form 
of a short‐term deposit, the total of all such exposures shall not exceed 8 percent of the nominal amount 
of outstanding Mortgage Covered Securities of the issuing Institution; and 
(d) 
provided that the Institution’s total exposure to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1, 
2 or 3 shall not exceed 15 percent of the nominal amount of outstanding Mortgage Covered Securities 
of the issuing Institution and the Institution’s total exposure to credit institutions that qualify for credit 
quality step 2 or 3 shall not exceed 10 percent of the nominal amount of outstanding Mortgage Covered 
Securities of the issuing Institution. 
Permitted business activities – (d) dealing in and holding credit transaction assets 
The ACS Act defines a “credit transaction asset” as an asset derived from having engaged in a credit transaction 
(not being a cover assets hedge contract (see Cover Assets Pool – Cover assets hedge contracts and Pool Hedge 
Collateral and Collateral Register), but does not include a mortgage credit asset, substitution asset, an asset 
required to be held for regulatory purposes or an asset arising from financing or refinancing activities. A “credit 
transaction” is defined in the ACS Act as:

--- Page 156 ---
156 
(a) 
placing a deposit with a financial institution which has been or is of a class which has been designated 
as eligible for such purposes by regulations made by the Central Bank; 
(b) 
dealing with or holding a financial asset; or 
(c) 
any other kind of transaction designated as such by the Minister by order made under the ACS Act. 
A “financial asset” for the purposes of (b) above is defined in section 3 of the ACS Act by reference to section 
496 of the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997 and includes shares, gilts, bonds, derivatives and debt portfolios. 
The CTA Eligible Financial Institutions Regulations made by the Central Bank (which came into operation on 31 
August 2007) designate the type of eligible financial institutions deposits with which qualify as credit transaction 
assets.  
An eligible financial institution for this purpose is: 
(i) 
any credit institution which is authorised within the State or any other EEA member state, or 
(ii) 
a bank which is authorised to receive deposits or other repayable funds from the public and is located in 
Australia, Canada, Japan, New Zealand, the Swiss Confederation or the United States of America, and 
which has a credit quality assessment of credit quality step 3 (within the meaning of CRD IV). 
Permitted business activities – (e) engaging in activities connected with financing or refinancing of assets 
and other activities referred to in (a) to (f) 
The ACS Act provides that these financing or refinancing activities include (but are not limited to): 
(a) 
taking deposits or other repayable funds from the public; and 
(b) 
issuing asset covered securities (which include Mortgage Covered Securities in the case of an Institution). 
The ACS Act provides that an Institution may issue Mortgage Covered Securities, but only in accordance with 
the ACS Act. 
An Institution that issues a Mortgage Covered Security must ensure that the relevant security documentation 
states: 
(a) 
that the Mortgage Covered Security is a mortgage covered security; and 
(b) 
that the financial obligations of the Institution under the Mortgage Covered Security are secured on the 
cover assets that comprise a cover assets pool maintained by the Institution in accordance with the ACS 
Act. 
With effect from 8 July 2022 and other than with respect to ACS which have been Grandfathered, a DCI is required 
to apply to the Central Bank for permission to establish or maintain a programme for the issue of ACS authorised 
under the ACS Act (a “Covered Bond Programme”).  The Central Bank may grant permission to a DCI for a 
Covered Bond Programme only if it is satisfied that the DCI has in place the following:  
(a) 
an adequate programme of operations setting out the issue of ACS; 
(b) 
adequate policies, processes and methodologies aimed at investor protection for the approval, 
amendment, renewal and refinancing of loans included in the Pool;  
(c) 
management and staff dedicated to the Covered Bond Programme who have adequate qualifications and 
knowledge regarding the issue of ACS and the administration of the Covered Bond Programme; and 
(d) 
an administrative set-up of the Pool and the monitoring thereof that meets the applicable requirements 
under the ACS Act.

--- Page 157 ---
157 
With effect from 8 July 2022, a DCI shall not issue ACS under a Covered Bond Programme unless it has been 
granted permission for that programme by the Central Bank under the ACS Act.  A DCI will be required to 
maintain a separate Pool in respect of each Covered Bond Programme for which it has been granted permission 
under the ACS Act.  The ACS Act will require DCIs to have in place adequate and appropriate documentation, 
systems and processes relating to their Covered Bond Programmes. 
The Central Bank is required to publish on its website a list of the Covered Bond Programmes for which 
permission has been granted under the ACS Act and a list of Covered Bond Programmes for which permission 
has been withdrawn under the ACS Act. The Central Bank may review a Covered Bond Programme on a regular 
basis to assess compliance with the ACS Act. 
Permitted business activities – (f) entering into certain hedging contracts for the purpose of hedging risks 
associated with the foregoing activities/dealing in and holding Pool Hedge Collateral 
An Institution may enter into one or more contracts (“Hedging Contracts”) the purpose or effect of which is to 
reduce or minimise the risk of financial loss or exposure liable to arise from: 
(a) 
fluctuations in interest rates or currency exchange rates; 
(b) 
credit risks; or 
(c) 
other risk factors that may adversely affect its permitted business activities. 
The Central Bank may, by regulatory notice, specify requirements as to: 
(a) 
the kind of Hedging Contracts that an Institution may enter into; and 
(b) 
the terms and conditions under which those Hedging Contracts, or any class of those Hedging Contracts, 
may be entered into (including those relating to Pool Hedge Collateral). 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, no such regulatory notice has been published by the Central Bank. 
The ACS Act makes special provision for Hedging Contracts which relate to the mortgage credit assets or 
substitution assets that are comprised in a Pool maintained, and Mortgage Covered Securities issued, by an 
Institution (for a description of the provisions of the ACS Act relating to the obligation of an Institution to maintain 
a Pool, see further below). Those hedging contracts when recorded in the Business Register (as to which see Cover 
Assets Pool – Register of mortgage covered securities business) are referred to in the ACS Act as cover assets 
hedge contracts. As to the provisions of the ACS Act relating to cover assets hedge contracts see Cover Assets 
Pool – Cover assets hedge contracts and Insolvency of Institutions – Effect under the ACS Act of insolvency, 
potential insolvency or insolvency process with respect to an Institution. For a description of the Hedging 
Contracts entered into by the Issuer at the date of this Base Prospectus with respect to interest rate exposure 
relating to the Issuer’s Irish residential lending denominated in euro, see Cover Assets Pool - The Pool maintained 
by the Issuer – Cover assets hedge contracts. 
In relation to Pool Hedge Collateral, see Cover Assets Pool – Pool Hedge Collateral and Collateral Register. 
Location of assets for the purposes of the ACS Act 
For the purposes of the ACS Act: 
(a) 
the country in which a mortgage credit asset is located is the country in which the property asset that 
secures the relevant mortgage credit related to the mortgage credit asset is situated; and 
(b) 
the country in which a substitution asset that is an exposure for the purposes of CRD IV (i.e. an asset or 
off-balance sheet item) is located is the country in which the place of business of the financial institution 
that is the subject of the exposure is situated. 
In respect of (a) above, if the mortgage credit asset is an RMBS or CMBS, its location is to be determined by 
reference to the location of the property assets related to the mortgage credit assets which are securitised.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
General restrictions on certain types of permitted business activities 
The ACS Act and the Asset Covered Securities Act 2001 (Section 31(1)) Regulations 2012 provide that an 
Institution must ensure that the ratio of the total principal amounts of all mortgage credit assets that it holds to the 
total prudent market value of the related property assets does not exceed 100 percent (or such other percentage as 
may be prescribed by regulations made by the Central Bank). Those regulations increased the applicable 
percentage from 80 percent to 100 percent with effect from 12 April 2012. Under the ACS Act, securitised 
mortgage credit assets are not subject to the above restriction. For a description of the method of determination 
under the ACS Act of the prudent market value of a property asset which is related to a mortgage credit asset, see 
Cover Assets Pool – Valuation of assets held by an Institution. 
The ACS Act specifies limitations on the level of mortgage credit assets or substitution assets held by an Institution 
in the course of its general business activities which may be located in category B countries. The total prudent 
market value of mortgage credit assets or substitution assets located in category B countries held by the Institution, 
expressed as a percentage of the total prudent market value of all the mortgage credit assets and substitution assets 
held by the Institution, may not exceed 10 percent (or such other percentage as may be specified by an order of 
the Minister) of the total prudent market value of all of the mortgage credit assets and substitution assets held by 
the Institution. For a description of the method of determination under the ACS Act of the prudent market value 
of a mortgage credit asset or a substitution asset held by an Institution, see Cover Assets Pool – Valuation of assets 
held by an Institution. The ACS Act provides that mortgage credit assets and substitution assets located in category 
B countries may not be included in the Pool. 
An Institution is required to ensure that the total value of the credit transaction assets that it holds, expressed as a 
percentage of the total value of all of the Institution’s assets, does not at any time exceed 10 percent (or such other 
percentage as may be specified by an order of the Minister) of the total value of all of the Institution’s assets. For 
a description of the method of determination under the ACS Act of the value of credit transaction assets held by 
an Institution, see Cover Assets Pool – Valuation of assets held by an Institution. 
The ACS Act empowers the Central Bank, by giving notice in writing to an Institution, to impose on such 
Institution or on any class of Institutions, requirements or restrictions as to the kinds of credit transaction assets 
that the Institution or Institutions may hold. At the date of this Base Prospectus, no such requirements or 
restrictions have been imposed on the Issuer.

--- Page 159 ---
159 
COVER ASSETS POOL 
Institutions Required to Maintain Cover Assets Pool 
An Institution may issue Mortgage Covered Securities only if it maintains a related Pool in compliance with the 
ACS Act. 
After an Institution is registered under the ACS Act, the Institution may, for the purpose of establishing a Pool 
and enabling it to make an initial issue of Mortgage Covered Securities, include in its register of mortgage covered 
securities business, mortgage credit assets or substitution assets in accordance with the ACS Act (for a description 
of the provisions of the ACS Act relating to the requirement for an Institution to maintain a register of mortgage 
covered securities business, see – Register of mortgage covered securities business). 
If an Institution wishes at any time to issue further Mortgage Covered Securities, it may include in the relevant 
Pool mortgage credit assets or substitution assets as security for those Securities in accordance with relevant 
provisions of the ACS Act, as to which see below. 
A mortgage credit asset or a substitution asset forms part of the relevant Pool only if its inclusion has been 
approved by the Monitor (for a description of the role of the Monitor, see – The Cover-Assets Monitor). 
An Institution must, as soon as practicable after becoming aware that it has contravened the provisions of the ACS 
Act summarised in the first and fourth paragraphs under this heading, take all possible steps to prevent the 
contravention from continuing or being repeated. Under the ACS Act, an Institution is required as soon as 
practicable after becoming aware that a mortgage credit asset or substitution asset comprised in the Pool no longer 
meets any creditworthiness criteria specified by the Central Bank, to remove the relevant asset from the Pool and 
where required by the ACS Act, replace the asset in accordance with the ACS Act. Until those steps have been 
taken, the Institution may not issue further Mortgage Covered Securities. 
Circumstances in which an asset may not be included in a Pool 
The ACS Act provides that an Institution, when issuing Mortgage Covered Securities, may not include a mortgage 
credit asset or substitution asset in a Pool if: 
(a) 
the mortgage credit asset or substitution asset is currently included in a different Pool maintained by the 
Institution; 
(b) 
the mortgage credit asset or substitution asset is non-performing; 
(c) 
the Institution is insolvent within the meaning of the ACS Act; 
(d) 
the Central Bank has given the Institution a direction under certain provisions of legislation relevant to 
financial institutions, the effect of which is to prohibit the asset from being recorded in the Institution’s 
register of mortgage covered securities business; 
(e) 
the Central Bank has given the Institution a notice under the ACS Act informing the Institution that the 
Central Bank intends to seek the consent of the Minister to the revocation of the registration of the 
Institution as a designated mortgage credit institution (for a description of the circumstances in which 
the Central Bank may revoke the registration of an Institution as an Institution, see Registration of 
Institutions/Revocation of Registration – Revocation of Registration); or 
(f) 
the Central Bank has given a direction under certain provisions of the ACS Act, the effect of which is to 
prohibit the asset from being recorded in the Institution’s register of mortgage covered securities business 
(for a description of the circumstances in which the Central Bank may make such an order, see 
Registration of Institutions/Revocation of Registration – Direction of the Central Bank requiring an 
Institution to suspend its business).

--- Page 160 ---
160 
In relation to (b) above, “non-performing” is defined under the ACS Act in the context of an Institution to mean 
that the relevant asset: 
(i) 
is in the course of being foreclosed or otherwise enforced; or 
(ii) 
in the case of mortgage credit assets for which the related mortgage credit is of a kind referred 
to in section 4(1) of the ACS Act, but excluding securitised mortgage credit assets, (see the first 
paragraph of Restrictions on the Activities of an Institution – Permitted business activities in 
which an Institution may engage (a) providing mortgage credit and dealing in and holding 
mortgage credit assets and providing group mortgage trust services), has one or more payments 
of principal or interest payable on the related credit in arrears and those payments are referable 
to a period of 3 months or more; or 
(iii) 
in relation to kinds of assets other than those referred to at (ii) above, has one or more payments 
of principal or interest payable on the related credit in arrears for 10 days or more. 
The ACS Act provides that an Institution may not, without the consent of the Central Bank, include a mortgage 
credit asset or substitution asset in a Pool maintained by the Institution if: 
(a) 
the Institution is potentially insolvent (within the meaning of the ACS Act); or 
(b) 
there is currently no Monitor appointed in respect of the Institution. 
The Central Bank has under the Substitution Asset Pool Eligibility Notice imposed creditworthiness standards 
and criteria in respect of substitution assets which may be comprised in the Pool. The Substitution Asset Pool 
Eligibility Notice distinguishes between substitution assets which have a maximum maturity of 100 days and 
those which do not. See Restrictions on inclusion of substitution assets in the Pool. 
The Central Bank has under the Asset Covered Securities Act 2001 Regulatory Notice (Section 41A(4), (5) and 
(7) 2011 imposed creditworthiness standards and criteria in respect of securitised mortgage credit assets which 
may be comprised in the Pool. See Restrictions on inclusion of securitised mortgage credit assets in the Pool. 
An Institution must, as soon as practicable after becoming aware that it has contravened the provisions of the ACS 
Act summarised under this heading, take all possible steps to prevent the contravention from continuing or being 
repeated or, as applicable, remove from the Pool and where required, replace the relevant asset. Until those steps 
have been taken, the Institution may not issue further Mortgage Covered Securities. 
With effect from 8 July 2022 and other than with respect to any Grandfathered ACS, an Institution may not include 
in a Pool maintained by it a mortgage credit asset, unless the asset: 
(a) 
is eligible pursuant to Article 129(1)(d) or (f) of CRR (which impose LTV limits of 80 percent for 
residential mortgages and 60 percent for commercial mortgages (or 70 percent if certain conditions are 
satisfied)); and 
(b) 
meets the requirements specified in Article 129(1c) and (3) of CRR. With effect from 8 July 2022, 
Article 129(1c) of CRR will provide that the 80 percent LTV limit for residential mortgages applies on 
a loan-by-loan basis, determines the portion of the loan contributing to the coverage of liabilities 
attached to the Mortgage Covered Security and applies throughout the entire maturity of the loan.  With 
effect from 8 July 2022, Article 129(3) of CRR will require that the requirements of Article 208 of 
CRR relating to immovable property collateral will be met.  
With effect from 8 July 2022 and other than with respect to any Grandfathered ACS, an Institution may not include 
in a Pool maintained by it a substitution asset unless the asset: 
(a) 
is eligible pursuant to Article 129(1)(c) of CRR; and 
(b) 
meets the requirements specified in Article 129(1a) of CRR.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
The effect of this is that the substitution asset must be an exposure to a credit institution that qualifies for credit 
quality step 1 or credit quality step 2, or credit quality step 3 (in each case within the meaning of CRD IV) where 
the exposure is in the form of a short-term deposit with an original maturity not exceeding 100 days, where used 
to meet the Pool liquidity buffer requirement of Article 16 of the Covered Bonds Directive, and 
(a) 
in the case of an exposure to a credit institution that qualifies for credit quality step 1, all such exposures 
shall not exceed 15 percent of the nominal amount of outstanding Mortgage Covered Securities of the 
issuing Institution; 
(b) 
in the case of an exposure to a credit institution that qualifies for credit quality step 2, all such exposures 
shall not exceed 10 percent of the nominal amount of outstanding Mortgage Covered Securities of the 
issuing Institution; 
(c) 
in the case of an exposure to a credit institution that qualifies for credit quality step 3 that take the form 
of a short‐term deposit, the total of all such exposures shall not exceed 8 percent of the nominal amount 
of outstanding Mortgage Covered Securities of the issuing Institution; and 
(d) 
provided that the Institution’s total exposure to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1, 
2 or 3 shall not exceed 15 percent of the nominal amount of outstanding Mortgage Covered Securities 
of the issuing Institution and the Institution’s total exposure to credit institutions that qualify for credit 
quality step 2 or 3 shall not exceed 10 percent of the nominal amount of outstanding Mortgage Covered 
Securities of the issuing Institution. 
With effect from 8 July 2022 and other than with respect to any Grandfathered ACS, an Institution may use, as 
Cover Assets, assets originated by another credit institution which have been purchased from that other credit 
institution for the purpose of using them as Cover Assets.  From that date and other than with respect to any 
Grandfathered ACS, where an Institution uses, as Cover Assets, assets originated by an undertaking that is not a 
credit institution, the Institution will be required either to assess the credit-granting standards of the undertaking 
which originated the Cover Assets, or to perform a thorough assessment of the creditworthiness of the borrower 
concerned. 
Location of assets that may be included in a Pool 
The ACS Act provides that any mortgage credit asset or substitution asset located within an EEA country or within 
one or more category A countries (see below) may be included in a Pool maintained by an Institution. In relation 
to the meaning of located for the purposes of the ACS Act, see Restrictions on the Activities of an Institution — 
Location of assets for the purposes of the ACS Act. However, in relation to substitution assets, see further — 
Restrictions on inclusion of substitution assets in a Pool. 
Mortgage credit assets or substitution assets that are located in one or more category B countries (see below) may 
not be included in a Pool maintained by an Institution under the ACS Act. 
A “category A” country is Australia, Canada, Japan, New Zealand, the Swiss Confederation, the United States of 
America, or a country specified in an order made by the Minister. 
A “category B” country is a country, other than a category A country or a member of the EEA, that is a full 
member of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, but only if it has not re-scheduled its 
external debt during the immediately preceding 5 years. 
With effect from 8 July 2022 and other than with respect to any Grandfathered ACS, where an Institution includes 
in a Pool a mortgage credit asset or substitution asset that is located within one or more category A countries, it is 
required to verify that the asset complies with certain requirements of the ACS Act, ensure that the asset offers a 
level of security similar to that of collateral assets located in the EU, and ensure that the realisation of the asset is 
legally enforceable in a way which is equivalent in effect to the realisation of collateral assets located in the EU. 
An Institution must, as soon as practicable after becoming aware that it has contravened the provisions of the ACS 
Act summarised above under this heading, take all possible steps to prevent the contravention from continuing or 
being repeated. Until those steps have been taken, the Institution may not issue any further Mortgage Covered 
Securities.

--- Page 162 ---
162 
The Monitor must monitor the Institution’s compliance with the requirements summarised under this heading and 
take reasonable steps to verify that the Institution will not be in contravention of the above restrictions before the 
Institution issues Mortgage Covered Securities or enters into a cover assets hedge contract. 
Restrictions on inclusion of certain types of mortgage credit assets in a Pool 
An Institution may not include in a Pool maintained by it a mortgage credit asset that is secured on commercial 
property if, after inclusion of the asset in the Pool, the total prudent market value of all mortgage credit assets so 
secured would exceed 10 percent (or such other percentage as may be prescribed by regulations made by the 
Central Bank) of the total prudent market value of all mortgage credit assets and substitution assets then comprised 
in the Pool. 
The Monitor must monitor the Institution’s compliance with this requirement and take reasonable steps to verify 
that the Institution will not be in contravention of the above restriction before the Institution issues Mortgage 
Covered Securities or enters into a cover assets hedge contract. 
Under the ACS Act, an Institution may not include a mortgage credit asset in a Pool maintained by it if a building 
related to that mortgage credit asset is being or is to be constructed until the building is ready for occupation as a 
commercial or residential property (development property). Under the ACS Act, mortgage credit assets secured 
on development property can be included in the Pool if the relevant mortgage credit asset is attributed a nil value 
for relevant Cover Asset – Mortgage Covered Securities financial matching requirements, the Regulatory 
Overcollateralisation requirement and Contractual Overcollateralisation purposes or if the mortgage credit asset 
concerned is not required to satisfy those requirements because sufficient cover assets are comprised in the Pool 
which meet the requirements of the ACS Act. With respect to Regulatory Overcollateralisation and Contractual 
Overcollateralisation, see The Pool maintained by the Issuer – Overcollateralisation. 
An Institution must, as soon as practicable after becoming aware that it has contravened the provisions of the ACS 
Act summarised above under this heading, take all possible steps to prevent the contravention from continuing or 
being repeated. Until those steps have been taken, the Institution may not issue any further Mortgage Covered 
Securities.  
Restrictions on inclusion of securitised mortgage credit assets in the Pool 
Under the ACS Act, other than in the case of Grandfathered ACS (and then only provided certain conditions are 
satisfied), securitised mortgage credit assets may not be included in a Pool. 
Financial matching criteria for a Pool and related Mortgage Covered Securities/Regulatory 
Overcollateralisation 
The ACS Act sets out certain financial matching criteria which are required to be met by an Institution in respect 
of its Pool and Mortgage Covered Securities. These criteria are that: 
(a) 
the Pool maintained by an Institution has a duration of not less than that of the Mortgage Covered 
Securities that relate to the Pool; 
(b) 
the prudent market value of the Pool is greater than the total of the principal amounts of those Mortgage 
Covered Securities; 
(c) 
the total amount of interest payable in a given period of 12 months in respect of the Pool is during that 
12 month period not less than the total amount of interest payable in respect of that period on those 
Mortgage Covered Securities; and 
(d) 
the currency in which each mortgage credit asset and each substitution asset included in the Pool is 
denominated is the same as the currency in which those Mortgage Covered Securities are denominated, 
after taking into account, in the case of paragraphs (b), (c) and (d) above, the effect of any cover assets hedge 
contract that the Institution has entered into in relation to the Pool and those Mortgage Covered Securities (but 
disregarding for these purposes the effect of any Pool Hedge Collateral) and in the case of (b) above, certain LTV 
restrictions and, with effect from 8 July 2022 and other than with respect to any Mortgage Covered Securities that

--- Page 163 ---
163 
are Grandfathered, the expected costs (which may be calculated as a lump sum) related to maintenance and 
administration for the winding-down of the Covered Bond Programme. 
Under the ACS Act, for the purposes of (b) above, an Institution is required to maintain a minimum level of 
Regulatory Overcollateralisation of its Pool with respect to the Mortgage Covered Securities in issue which are 
secured on the Pool. The ACS Act confirms that the Regulatory Overcollateralisation requirement does not affect 
any Contractual Overcollateralisation undertakings made by an Institution requiring higher levels of 
overcollateralisation to be maintained. With respect to Regulatory Overcollateralisation and Contractual 
Overcollateralisation, see The Pool maintained by the Issuer - Overcollateralisation. 
The Monitor must monitor the Institution’s compliance with the above requirements and take reasonable steps to 
verify that the Institution will not be in contravention of the above requirements before the Institution issues 
Mortgage Covered Securities or enters into a cover assets hedge contract. 
An Institution must, as soon as practicable after becoming aware that it has failed to comply with the provisions 
of the ACS Act summarised above under this heading, take all possible steps to comply with that provision. Until 
those steps have been taken, the Institution may not issue any further Mortgage Covered Securities. 
From 8 July 2022 and other than with respect to any Mortgage Covered Securities that are Grandfathered, for the 
purposes of determining the prudent market value of a Pool and the total amount of interest payable in a given 
period of 12 months in respect of a Pool, an Institution shall not take into account uncollateralised claims where 
a default is considered to have occurred pursuant to Article 178 of CRR.  In addition, from that date and other 
than with respect to any Mortgage Covered Securities that are Grandfathered, Institutions are required to calculate 
interest payable in respect of outstanding Mortgage Covered Securities, and interest receivable in respect of Cover 
Assets, in a manner which reflects sound prudential principles in accordance with applicable accounting standards. 
Also from 8 July 2022 and other than with respect to any Mortgage Covered Securities that are Grandfathered, 
Institutions are required to have in place procedures to monitor that a residential property used as collateral for a 
mortgage credit asset is adequately insured against the risk of damage, and the segregation of a mortgage credit 
asset encompasses any financial obligation to the Institution consequent upon an insurance claim in respect of the 
residential property concerned. 
Meaning of “duration” of a Pool or Mortgage Covered Securities 
For the purposes of paragraph (a) under – Financial matching criteria for a Pool and related Mortgage Covered 
Securities/Regulatory Overcollateralisation, “duration” in the ACS Act means, in relation to a Pool or Mortgage 
Covered Securities secured on the Pool, a weighted average term to maturity of the relevant principal amount of 
the mortgage credit assets and substitution assets comprised in the Pool or those securities, as the case may be, 
determined in accordance with a formula or criteria specified in a regulatory notice by the Central Bank and taking 
into account the effect of any cover asset hedge contract entered into by the Institution in relation to the Pool or 
those securities, or both, as the case may be. 
The Central Bank has made the Duration Regulatory Notice. The Duration Regulatory Notice sets out the formulae 
and criteria for the purpose of the definition of “duration” contained in ACS Act. The Duration Regulatory Notice 
repeals the Assets Covered Securities Act 2001 Regulatory Notice (section 32(10)) 2004. 
Loan-to-value restrictions on the valuation of mortgage credit assets and related property assets 
For the purpose of paragraph (b) under – Financial matching criteria for a Pool and related Mortgage Covered 
Securities/Regulatory Overcollateralisation, if the principal amount of a mortgage credit asset comprised in a 
Pool represents more than the percentage specified below of the prudent market value of the related property 
assets, the amount by which the principal amount of the asset exceeds such percentage is to be disregarded. 
The relevant LTV percentage is: 
(a) 
75 percent in the case of a mortgage credit asset that comprises residential property; and 
(b) 
60 percent in the case of a mortgage credit asset that comprises commercial property,

--- Page 164 ---
164 
or, in each case, such other percentage as may be specified in an order made by the Minister. As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, no other percentage has been specified in an order made by the Minister. 
The “prudent market value” requirements for securitised mortgage credit assets under the ACS Act reflect the 
above valuation limits under CRD IV for securitised mortgage credit assets which collateralise covered bonds. 
Under the ACS Act, when determining the LTV related property values or amount of the liens, an aggregate basis 
is to be used and regard is to be had to the proportion of the tranche of the Relevant Securitised Mortgage Credit 
Assets held by an Institution and the seniority of such securitised mortgage credit assets. Under the ACS Act, the 
prudent market value of a property asset, which relates to mortgage credit assets (where relevant) is required to 
be calculated at such times as the Central Bank specifies in a regulatory notice (which at the date of this Base 
Prospectus is the MCA Valuation Notice), after having regard to the valuation requirements applicable to covered 
bonds under CRD IV. See Valuation of assets held by an Institution – Valuation of Relevant Securitised Mortgage 
Credit Assets. 
Valuation of assets held by an Institution 
The ACS Act empowers the Central Bank to specify, by regulatory notice, requirements in relation to the valuation 
basis and methodology, time of valuation and any other matter that it considers relevant for determining the 
prudent market value of mortgage credit assets or related property assets for the purposes of the ACS Act. The 
ACS Act also empowers the Central Bank to specify, by regulatory notice, requirements in relation to the valuation 
basis and methodology, time of valuation and any other matter that it considers relevant for determining the 
prudent market value of substitution assets, credit transaction assets, or the total assets held by an Institution for 
the purposes of the ACS Act. 
Prudent Market Valuation of Irish Residential Property Assets, Irish Residential Loans and Relevant Securitised 
Mortgage Credit Assets 
For the purposes of calculating prudent market value, the Central Bank has made the MCA Valuation Notice 
which came into operation on 9 December 2011 and lays down requirements in relation to the valuation basis and 
methodology, time of valuation and other matters related to determining the prudent market value of: 
(a) 
an Irish Residential Property Asset; 
(b) 
an Irish Residential Loan; and  
(c) 
a Relevant Securitised Mortgage Credit Asset, 
and also specifies requirements and criteria with respect to certain matters required when determining the prudent 
market value of Relevant Securitised Mortgage Credit Assets. 
The MCA Valuation notice repealed and replaced the 2007 Irish Residential Loan/Property Valuation Notice with 
effect from 9 December 2011. 
The Monitor is required to monitor the Institution’s compliance with the MCA Valuation Notice under the Asset 
Covered Securities Act 2001 (Section 61(3)) Irish Residential Property Loan/Valuation Regulation 2004 (S.I. No. 
418 of 2004) (see The Cover-Assets Monitor — Continuing duties of a Monitor). 
The MCA Valuation Notice is only applicable to the valuation of Irish Residential Property Assets, Irish 
Residential Loans and Relevant Securitised Mortgage Credit Assets. The MCA Valuation Notice is not applicable 
to (and the Central Bank on the date of this Base Prospectus has not published any regulatory notice providing 
for) the valuation of property assets comprising residential property located outside Ireland or mortgage credit 
assets located in Ireland for the purposes of the ACS Act and secured on commercial property or, with the 
exception of Relevant Securitised Mortgage Credit Assets, mortgage credit assets (whether secured on residential 
property or commercial property) which are located outside Ireland for the purposes of the ACS Act. See Risk 
Factors. 
Prudent Market Discount 
The “Prudent Market Discount” for the purposes of certain calculations which are to be made by an Institution 
in respect of Irish Residential Property Assets and Irish Residential Loans under the MCA Valuation Notice is

--- Page 165 ---
165 
that published by the Institution and monitored by the Monitor in accordance with the Prudent Market Discount 
Regulation (see The Cover-Assets Monitor – Continuing duties of a Monitor). The Prudent Market Discount 
Regulation prescribes that a Monitor appointed in respect of any Institution when performing its responsibilities 
under the ACS Act must have regard to any contractual undertakings given by the Institution to apply a level of 
prudent market discount to certain calculations which are to be made by the Institution in respect of the MCA 
Valuation Notice. The Issuer adopted on 3 February 2006 a Prudent Market Discount for the purposes of the 2004 
Irish Residential Loan/Property Valuation Notice of 0.150 (or in percentage terms, 15 percent) and this Prudent 
Market Discount continued to apply for the purposes of the 2007 Irish Residential Loan/Property Valuation 
Notice.  
The Prudent Market Discount continues to apply for the purposes of the MCA Valuation Notice (which repealed 
and replaced the 2007 Irish Residential Loan/Property Valuation Notice) and is published on the Group’s Investor 
Relations webpage covering AIB Mortgage Bank u.c.:  
(https://aib.ie/content/dam/aib/investorrelations/docs/mortgagebank/pmd.pdf). 
Valuation of Irish Residential Property Assets 
Under the MCA Valuation Notice, in order to value an Irish Residential Property Asset, an Institution is first 
required to determine the Origination Market Value of that Irish Residential Property Asset. In general, an Irish 
Residential Property Asset for the purposes of the MCA Valuation Notice has an Origination Market Value equal 
to the amount determined or accepted by the originator of that mortgage credit asset to have been the market value 
of that Irish Residential Property Asset at or about that time. Under the MCA Valuation Notice an Institution is 
also required to calculate the prudent market value of each Irish Residential Property Asset taking account of 
certain changes to the Origination Market Value by reference to changes under the applicable Irish residential 
property index specified in the MCA Valuation Notice (and in the case of an increase in value as reduced by 
reference to the Prudent Market Discount): 
(a) 
where the related Irish Residential Loan is comprised in a Pool maintained by that Institution, at the time 
that the Institution includes that Irish Residential Loan in the Pool; 
(b) 
where the related Irish Residential Loan is comprised in the Pool, at such intervals as are required to 
ensure that the Institution complies with the requirements of CRD IV with respect to collateral for 
covered bonds in the form of loans secured by residential real estate; and 
(c) 
whether the related Irish Residential Loan is comprised in the Pool or not, at such intervals as may be 
specified by the Central Bank to that Institution from time to time so as to ensure that the Institution can 
demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Central Bank compliance by the Institution with the requirements 
of section 31(1) of the ACS Act and, if not so specified, then at intervals not exceeding 12 months. 
In September 2016, the applicable index referred to above was revised by the CSO in order to cover all market 
transactions (including cash purchases) in the residential property market. Previously that index was determined 
by reference to mortgage and lending levels.  
See also, Valuation of Irish Residential Property Assets – Valuation of Irish Residential Loans and Prudent Market 
Discount. 
Valuation of Irish Residential Loans 
The MCA Valuation Notice also contains requirements for determining the prudent market value of mortgage 
credit assets secured on Irish Residential Property Assets. 
For the purposes of the principal matching requirements in respect of a Pool and Mortgage Covered Securities 
under the ACS Act (see - Cover Assets Pool – Financial matching criteria for a Pool and related Mortgage 
Covered Securities/Regulatory Overcollateralisation), the prudent market value at any time of an Irish Residential 
Loan which is included in the Pool of an Institution is an amount, denominated in the currency in which the related 
mortgage credit is denominated, equal to the lesser of (i) 100 percent of the principal or nominal amount of that 
Irish Residential Loan that is outstanding at that time and (ii) 75 percent (or such other percentage as may apply 
at the relevant time for the purposes of relevant provisions of the ACS Act) of the prudent market value of the

--- Page 166 ---
166 
related Irish Residential Property Asset(s) at that time, and in each case rounded to the nearest whole number (0.5 
or above being rounded upwards and any number strictly less than 0.5 being rounded downwards). 
Under the MCA Valuation Notice, an Institution is required to calculate the prudent market value of each Irish 
Residential Loan at such intervals as may be specified by the Monitor from time to time so as to ensure that the 
Institution can demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Monitor compliance by the Institution with the principal 
matching requirements with respect to the Pool and Mortgage Covered Securities, Regulatory 
Overcollateralisation requirements under the ACS Act and the Overcollateralisation Regulation (see - Financial 
matching criteria for a Pool and related Mortgage Covered Securities/ Regulatory Overcollateralisation) and, if 
not so specified by the Monitor, then at intervals not exceeding 3 months (see The Cover-Assets Monitor – 
Continuing duties of a Monitor). With respect to Regulatory Overcollateralisation, see The Pool maintained by 
the Issuer – Overcollateralisation. 
The Asset Covered Securities Act 2001 (Section 61(1), (2) and (3)) (Overcollateralisation) (Amendment) 
Regulations 2007 (S.I. No. 604 of 2007) made by the Central Bank (which came into operation on 31 August 
2007) provide for technical amendments to the Overcollateralisation Regulation in relation to the meaning of 
prudent market value for the purposes of Overcollateralisation Regulation.  
With effect from 8 July 2022 and other than with respect to Grandfathered ACS, the ACS Act requires Institutions 
to ensure that: 
(a) 
at the moment of inclusion of a mortgage credit asset in a Pool, a current valuation at or at less than 
market value or mortgage lending value exists for each residential property which secures the mortgage 
credit asset; 
(b) 
a valuation of the residential property has been carried out by a valuer who possesses the necessary 
qualifications, ability and experience; and 
(c) 
the valuer is independent from the credit decision process, does not take into account speculative 
elements in the assessment of the value of the residential property, and documents the value of the 
residential property in a transparent and clear manner. 
Valuation of Relevant Securitised Mortgage Credit Assets 
The MCA Valuation Notice provides that the prudent market value of Relevant Securitised Mortgage Credit 
Assets is an amount equal to the lesser of the three amounts which are summarised below: 
(i) 
the principal or nominal amount of the Relevant Securitised Mortgage Credit Assets, 
(ii) 
the principal or nominal amount of the underlying liens (or loans) less any liens secured on the relevant 
property assets and which rank senior to that held by the securitisation entity which has issued the 
Relevant Securitised Mortgage Credit Assets, 
(iii) 
a maximum LTV of 80 percent with respect to the loans underlying the Relevant Securitised Mortgage 
Credit Assets, 
in the case of (ii) and (iii) above: 
(a) 
determined on an aggregate basis having regard to the proportion which the nominal or principal amount 
of the Relevant Securitised Mortgage Credit Assets bear to the nominal or principal amount of the 
securitisation securities issued by the securitisation entity and secured on the same property assets as the 
Relevant Securitised Mortgage Credit Assets;  
(b) 
the ranking in terms of seniority of the Relevant Securitised Mortgage Credit Assets as against all such 
securitisation securities;  
(c) 
regard may be had to contracts, to which such securitisation entity is a party, the effect or purpose of 
which is to reduce the exposure of that securitisation entity in respect of the Relevant Securitised 
Mortgage Assets to fluctuations in the values of currencies concerned.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
Under the MCA Valuation Notice, when determining the prudent market value of a Relevant Securitised Mortgage 
Credit Asset: 
(a) 
the amount referred to at (i) above is the principal or nominal amount outstanding of the Relevant 
Securitised Mortgage Credit Assets concerned on the date such prudent market value is determined or to 
be determined under the MCA Valuation Notice; and 
(b) 
the amounts referred to at (ii) and (iii) above are to be determined by reference to the most recent 
information available to the Institution provided by or on behalf of the securitisation entity which is the 
issuer of the Relevant Securitised Mortgage Credit Asset and the most recent publicly available 
information relating to certain relevant matters. 
An Institution is required under the MCA Valuation Notice to calculate the prudent market value of each Relevant 
Securitised Mortgage Credit Asset and the other relevant amounts for that purpose referred to at (i) to (iii) above 
at such intervals as may be specified by the Monitor from time to time so as to ensure that the Institution can 
demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Monitor compliance with the principal matching requirements with respect 
to the Pool and Mortgage Covered Securities, Regulatory Overcollateralisation requirements under the ACS Act 
and the Overcollateralisation Regulation (see - Financial matching criteria for a Pool and related Mortgage 
Covered Securities/Regulatory Overcollateralisation) and if not so specified by the Monitor, then at intervals not 
exceeding 3 months (see The Cover-Assets Monitor – Continuing duties of a Monitor). With respect to Regulatory 
Overcollateralisation, see The Pool maintained by the Issuer – Overcollateralisation. 
Under the MCA Valuation Notice where any sum is to be converted from one currency to another currency, the 
Institution is required to base such conversion on an applicable rate available on the relevant date to the Institution 
in the interbank market for the sum concerned. 
Under the MCA Valuation Notice, when determining: 
(a) 
the prudent market value of Irish Residential Loans or Irish Residential Property Assets; or 
(b) 
the prudent market value of Relevant Securitisation Mortgage Credit Assets or the other related amounts 
referred to at (i) to (iii) above. 
An Institution is required to act in a manner consistent with requirements under CRD IV applicable to collateral 
for covered bonds in the form of loans secured on residential real estate and that Institution. 
Valuations of substitution assets, credit transaction assets and total assets 
The Section 41(3)/(5) Valuation Notice made by the Central Bank (which came into effect on 31 August 2007) 
specifies requirements in relation to the prudent market valuation of substitution assets and the value of credit 
transaction assets and total assets. The Section 41(3)/(5) Valuation Notice repealed the Asset Covered Securities 
Act 2001 Regulatory Notice (Section 41(3) and Section 41(5)) 2004. 
In relation to substitution assets, the Section 41(3)/(5) Valuation Notice provides that where the relevant 
substitution assets constitute deposits with eligible financial institutions, the prudent market value of such deposits 
comprised in the Pool maintained by the Institution is equal to 100 percent of the principal or nominal amount of 
the deposit with the eligible financial institution. 
In relation to credit transaction assets and total assets, the Section 41(3)/(5) Valuation Notice provides that the 
value of such credit transaction assets and total assets shall be determined in accordance with Irish GAAP as 
applied to banks. 
Restrictions on replacement of underlying assets included in a Pool 
A mortgage credit asset or substitution asset replaces an “underlying asset” (meaning, in relation to a Pool, a 
mortgage credit asset or substitution asset that is then comprised in a Pool) only if such replacement has been 
approved by the Monitor. The Monitor is required to monitor an Institution’s compliance with this requirement. 
The ACS Act requires an Institution to replace an underlying asset with a mortgage credit asset or substitution 
asset if the underlying asset when included in the Pool contravenes or fails to comply with a provision of the ACS

--- Page 168 ---
168 
Act, the regulations made by the Central Bank under the ACS Act or a requirement of the Central Bank or the 
Monitor made under the ACS Act. 
The ACS Act permits an Institution in any other case to replace an underlying asset with a mortgage credit asset 
or substitution asset, provided that the replacement is not prohibited by a provision of the ACS Act, the regulations 
made by the Central Bank under the ACS Act or a requirement of the Central Bank or the Monitor made under 
the ACS Act. 
The ACS Act provides that an Institution may not replace an underlying asset with a mortgage credit asset or a 
substitution asset if: 
(a) 
the mortgage credit asset or substitution asset is currently contained in a different Pool maintained by the 
Institution; 
(b) 
the mortgage credit asset or substitution asset is non-performing; 
(c) 
the Institution is insolvent; 
(d) 
the Central Bank has given to the Institution direction under certain provisions of legislation relevant to 
financial institutions, the effect of which is to prohibit the replacement from being made; 
(e) 
a notice has been given to the Institution by the Central Bank under the ACS Act informing the Institution 
that it intends to seek the consent of the Minister to the revocation of the registration of the Institution as 
an Institution; or 
(f) 
the Central Bank has given a direction under the ACS Act that prevents the replacement from being 
made. 
An Institution may not, without the consent of the Central Bank, replace an underlying asset with a mortgage 
credit asset or a substitution asset if: 
(a) 
the Institution is potentially insolvent; or 
(b) 
there is currently no Monitor appointed in respect of the Institution. 
Restrictions on inclusion of substitution assets in a Pool 
The ACS Act prescribes that an Institution may not at any time include a substitution asset in the Pool maintained 
by the Institution: 
(a) 
unless the substitution asset concerned meets any creditworthiness standards or criteria which may be 
specified by the Central Bank in a regulatory notice; or 
(b) 
if, after including the substitution asset concerned in the Pool, the total prudent market value of all 
substitution assets then comprised in the Pool would exceed 15 percent of the aggregate nominal or 
principal amount of outstanding Mortgage Covered Securities secured on the Pool. 
For the purpose of (a) above, the Central Bank may have regard to creditworthiness standards or criteria applicable 
to substitution assets as eligible collateral for covered bonds under CRD IV and may differentiate between 
substitution assets which have a maximum maturity of 100 days and those which have a longer maturity. The 
Substitution Asset Pool Eligibility Notice made by the Central Bank provides that the creditworthiness standards 
and criteria for inclusion of a substitution asset in a Pool are that the substitution asset concerned must have from 
an ECAI: 
(a) 
a credit quality assessment of credit quality step 1 (within the meaning of CRD IV); or 
(b) 
for exposures within the EEA with a maturity not exceeding 100 days, a minimum long or short term 
credit quality assessment of credit quality step 2 (within the meaning of CRD IV).

--- Page 169 ---
169 
The Substitution Assets Pool Eligibility Notice also provides that the Central Bank may, after consulting the EBA, 
allow credit quality step 2 for up to 10 percent of the total exposure of the nominal value of outstanding covered 
bonds, provided that significant potential concentration problems have been identified in the State due to the 
application of the credit quality step 1 requirement referred to in (a) above.  
In relation to (b) above, the restriction does not apply to any further substitution assets comprised or to be 
comprised from time to time in the Pool for so long as the Pool is comprised of Cover Assets which meet, with 
respect to the Pool and Mortgage Covered Securities, the financial matching and Regulatory Overcollateralisation 
requirements under the ACS Act, any Contractual Overcollateralisation undertaking and all other requirements of 
Part 4 of the ACS Act. With respect to Regulatory Overcollateralisation and Contractual Overcollateralisation, 
see The Pool maintained by the Issuer – Overcollateralisation. 
The Issuer has entered into an agreement with Barclays Bank Ireland PLC in June 2019. Pursuant to this agreement 
the Issuer may from time to time deposit monies into accounts maintained by the Issuer with Barclays Bank 
Ireland PLC. Such deposits may constitute substitution assets (whether or not comprised in the Issuer’s Pool) 
and/or Pool Hedge Collateral.  
At the date of this Base Prospectus, all deposits held by the Issuer with Barclays Bank Ireland PLC are substitution 
assets comprised in the Issuer’s Pool and the Issuer may appoint an additional counterparty to hold substitution 
assets subject to the restrictions in the ACS Act. 
When determining for the purposes of the ACS Act the total prudent value of substitution assets comprised in the 
Pool, any substitution assets represented by exposures caused by the transmission and management of payments 
of the obligors under, or liquidation proceeds in respect of, mortgage credit assets comprised in the Pool, are to 
be disregarded. Under the ACS Act, the Central Bank may, however, suspend the ratio requirement if it is satisfied 
that to do so would facilitate the discharge of secured claims (claims in respect of which the rights of a tier 1 
creditor are secured under Part 7 of the ACS Act – see further Insolvency of Institutions – Effect under the ACS 
Act of insolvency, potential insolvency or insolvency process with respect to an Institution) against the Institution. 
The Monitor must monitor compliance by the Institution with the above requirements and take reasonable steps 
to verify that the Institution will not be in contravention of the above requirements before the Institution issues 
Mortgage Covered Securities or enters into a cover assets hedge contract. 
The ACS Act empowers the Central Bank to make regulations for or with respect to any matter that by the ACS 
Act is required or permitted to be prescribed, or that is necessary or expedient to be prescribed, for the carrying 
out or giving effect to the ACS Act. The ACS Act provides that the regulations made by the Central Bank under 
this provision may prescribe kinds of substitution assets which may be included in a Pool. As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, no such regulations have been made by the Central Bank in relation to Institutions. 
Use of realised proceeds of Cover Assets 
The ACS Act provides that money received by an Institution as the proceeds of realising a Cover Asset forms part 
of the relevant Pool, until it is used to create or acquire permitted mortgage credit assets or substitution assets for 
inclusion in the Pool, to discharge secured claims under the ACS Act (see further Insolvency of Institutions – 
Effect under the ACS Act of insolvency, potential insolvency or insolvency process with respect to an Institution), 
is released from the Pool as an underlying asset and is replaced by other mortgage credit assets or substitution 
assets, or is released from the Pool in accordance with the ACS Act as summarised in the next paragraph below. 
The Monitor is responsible for monitoring the Institution’s compliance with this requirement. 
Release of underlying assets from a Pool 
An Institution may, with the prior consent of the Monitor concerned, release underlying assets (including money 
received by the Institution as the proceeds of a relevant Cover Asset) from the Pool if the assets are not required 
to be included in the Pool to secure secured claims. The Monitor is responsible for monitoring the Institution’s 
compliance with this requirement.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
Register of mortgage covered securities business 
The ACS Act provides that for the purposes of the ACS Act an asset is, except as described under – Use of realised 
proceeds of Cover Assets, included in, or removed from, a Pool when the appropriate particulars are recorded in 
the register of mortgage covered securities business (Business Register) maintained by the Institution. 
An Institution is required to establish and keep a Business Register in respect of: 
(a) 
the Mortgage Covered Securities it has issued; 
(b) 
the cover assets hedge contracts that it has entered into; and 
(c) 
the mortgage credit assets and substitution assets that it holds as security for those Mortgage Covered 
Securities and contracts. 
The Monitor must monitor compliance by the Institution with the above requirement and take reasonable steps to 
verify that the Institution will not be in contravention of the above requirement before the Institution issues 
Mortgage Covered Securities or enters into a cover assets hedge contract. The Central Bank may make regulations 
specifying other particulars which must be recorded by an Institution in its Business Register. As at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, no such regulations have been made by the Central Bank. 
An Institution may make, delete or amend an entry in the Business Register only with the consent of the Monitor 
or the Central Bank, unless regulations made by the Central Bank provide otherwise (as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, no regulations made by the Central Bank provide otherwise). The Monitor must monitor compliance 
by the Institution with the above requirement and take reasonable steps to verify that the Institution will not be in 
contravention of the above requirement before the Institution issues Mortgage Covered Securities or enters into a 
cover assets hedge contract. 
An Institution is required to keep the Business Register in such place as may be prescribed by the regulations 
made by the Central Bank. In the Asset Covered Securities Act, 2001 (Sections 38(6) and 53(6)) Regulations 2002 
(S.I. No. 382 of 2002), the Central Bank prescribed the registered or head office of the Institution, or such other 
office as may be notified in writing to the Central Bank for such purposes, and which in each case must be in 
Ireland, as the place at which such Institution’s Business Register must be kept. 
The ACS Act provides that an Institution is required to at all times provide access to the Institution’s Business 
Register to the Central Bank and the Monitor appointed in respect of such Institution, and to permit each such 
person to take copies of the Business Register or any entry in the Business Register at the Institution’s expense. 
Cover assets hedge contracts 
The ACS Act provides that a cover assets hedge contract entered into by an Institution may relate only to: 
(a) 
Mortgage Covered Securities issued by the Institution; and/or 
(b) 
mortgage credit assets and/or substitution assets that are comprised in a Pool maintained by that 
Institution. 
The ACS Act provides that a cover assets hedge contract must state, among other things, that it is a cover assets 
hedge contract entered into in accordance with the ACS Act and that the financial obligations of the Institution 
under the contract are secured on the Cover Assets comprised in the Pool. A cover assets hedge contract must 
comply with the requirements (if any) specified in any relevant regulatory notice published by the Central Bank. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Central Bank has not published a regulatory notice specifying any such 
requirements.  
The ACS Act provides that as soon as practicable after entering into a cover assets hedge contract, an Institution 
is required to ensure that particulars of the contract are entered into its Business Register. An Institution must 
remove from its Business Register a cover assets hedge contract if the contract has been discharged or the 
counterparty has so agreed.

--- Page 171 ---
171 
With effect from 8 July 2022 and other than with respect to Mortgage Covered Securities which are Grandfathered, 
an Institution may only include a cover assets hedge contract in its Pool where: 
(a) 
it is included exclusively for hedging purposes; 
(b) 
its volume is adjusted in the case of a reduction in the risk being hedged;  
(c) 
it is removed when the risk being hedged ceases to exist; 
(d) 
it cannot be terminated upon the Institution becoming subject to an insolvency process or resolution; 
and 
(e) 
the counterparty is a credit institution that qualifies for credit quality step 1 or credit quality step 2 (each 
within the meaning of CRD IV), or credit quality step 3 (within the meaning of CRD IV) if permitted 
by the Central Bank and subject to the cover assets hedge contract meeting the requirements of Article 
11(1) of the Covered Bonds Directive and subject further to the following limitations: 
(i) 
where the cover assets hedge contract gives rise to an exposure to a credit institution that 
qualifies for credit quality step 1, all such exposures shall not exceed 15 percent of the nominal 
amount of outstanding Mortgage Covered Securities of the issuing Institution; 
(ii) 
where the cover assets hedge contract gives rise to an exposure to a credit institution that 
qualifies for credit quality step 2, all such exposures shall not exceed 10 percent of the nominal 
amount of outstanding Mortgage Covered Securities of the issuing Institution; 
(iii) 
where the cover assets hedge contract gives rise to an exposure to a credit institution that 
qualifies for credit quality step 3 (if the Central Bank, after consultation with the EBA, has 
allowed exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 3 in the form of 
derivative contracts), the total of all such exposures shall not exceed 8 percent of the nominal 
amount of outstanding Mortgage Covered Securities of the issuing Institution; and 
(iv) 
provided that the Institution’s total exposure to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality 
step 1, 2 or 3 shall not exceed 15 percent of the nominal amount of outstanding Mortgage 
Covered Securities of the issuing Institution and the Institution’s total exposure to credit 
institutions that qualify for credit quality step 2 or 3 shall not exceed 10 percent of the nominal 
amount of outstanding Mortgage Covered Securities of the issuing Institution. 
Pool Hedge Collateral and Collateral Register 
The ACS Act recognises a new category of assets called Pool Hedge Collateral distinct from mortgage credit 
assets, substitution assets and other categories of assets under the ACS Act which an Institution may deal in or 
hold. Pool Hedge Collateral means assets or property provided to an Institution by or on behalf of any other 
contracting party to a cover assets hedge contract where the terms of the cover assets hedge contract: 
(a) 
provide for the absolute transfer by way of collateral of the asset or property to the Institution (as opposed 
to by way of security); or 
(b) 
provide for the transfer of the asset or property by way of security and gives the Institution the right to 
deal with the asset or property under the security as if the Institution were the absolute owner of that 
asset or property. 
An Institution is required under the ACS Act to establish and maintain a register in respect of any Pool Hedge 
Collateral that it holds from time to time, called the Collateral Register, which is to be kept separate from the 
Business Register. An Institution is required to include in the Collateral Register, among other things particulars 
of the Pool Hedge Collateral it holds from each counterparty to a cover assets hedge contract and particulars of 
the cover assets hedge contracts that relate to the Pool Hedge Collateral. Unless the Central Bank otherwise 
requires (whether generally in respect of all Institutions or individually in respect of any given Institution) or the 
Institution is potentially insolvent or insolvent, the consent of the Monitor is not required for an Institution to 
make, amend or delete an entry in its Collateral Register.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
The Central Bank may, by regulatory notice, specify requirements in relation to: 
(a) 
the type of assets or property that qualify as Pool Hedge Collateral; 
(b) 
the maintenance and operation of the Collateral Register; 
(c) 
particulars that an Institution shall include in its Collateral Register; and 
(d) 
the circumstances in which the consent of the Monitor is required for an Institution to make, amend or 
delete an entry in the Collateral Register. 
The Asset Covered Securities Act 2001 Regulatory Notice (Section 30(15) and 45(15)) 2007 made by the Central 
Bank (which came into operation on 31 August 2007) provides that: 
(a) 
the Collateral Register must contain particulars detailing, in respect of any Pool Hedge Collateral, the 
cover assets hedge contract(s) for which such Pool Hedge Collateral has been provided; and  
(b) 
an Institution must maintain the Collateral Register at the registered office or head office of the Institution 
or at such other office as has been notified to the Central Bank in writing, and in any event must maintain 
such register at an office located in Ireland. 
Financial statements 
The ACS Act provides that an Institution shall include the following information in its annual financial statement, 
or in a document accompanying the statement, in respect of mortgage credit assets that are recorded in the 
Institution’s Business Register (and, accordingly, it’s Pool): 
(a) 
the number of mortgage credit assets, as at the date to which the statement is made up, with the amounts 
of principal outstanding in respect of the related credits being specified in tranches of: 
(i) 
€100,000 or less; 
(ii) 
more than €100,000 but not more than €200,000; 
(iii) 
more than €200,000 but not more than €500,000; and 
(iv) 
more than €500,000; 
(b) 
the geographical areas in which the related property assets are located, and the number and percentage 
of those assets held in each of those areas; 
(c) 
whether or not such mortgage credit assets are non-performing as at that date, and if they are: 
(i) 
the number of those assets as at that date; and 
(ii) 
the total amount of principal outstanding in respect of those assets at that date; 
(d) 
whether or not any persons who owed money under mortgage credit assets had, during the immediately 
preceding financial year of the Institution (if any), defaulted in making payments in respect of those 
assets in excess of €1,000 (so as to render them non-performing for the purposes of the ACS Act) at any 
time during that year, and if any such persons had defaulted, the number of those assets that were held 
in the Pool at the date to which the financial statement for that year was made up; 
(e) 
the number of cases in which the Institution has replaced mortgage credit assets with other assets because 
those mortgage credit assets were non-performing; 
(f) 
the total amount of interest in arrears in respect of mortgage credit assets that has not been written off at 
that date;

--- Page 173 ---
173 
(g) 
the total amount of payments of principal repaid and the total amount of interest paid in respect of 
mortgage credit assets; 
(h) 
in relation to any related mortgage credits that are secured on commercial property (and not on residential 
property), the number and the total amounts of principal of those credits that are outstanding at that date; 
and 
(i) 
any other information prescribed by the regulations made by the Central Bank. 
In relation to (i) above, at the date of this Base Prospectus no such other information has been prescribed by 
regulations made by the Central Bank. 
If an Institution has a parent entity, the parent entity is required under the ACS Act to include the following 
information in its annual consolidated financial statement or in a document accompanying the statement: 
(a) 
the name of the Institution and any other particulars required by regulations made by the Central Bank 
with respect to the Institution; 
(b) 
the total amounts of principal outstanding in respect of Mortgage Covered Securities issued by the 
Institution; 
(c) 
the total amounts of principal outstanding in respect of mortgage credit assets and substitution assets 
comprised in the Pool that relates to those Mortgage Covered Securities issued by the Institution; and 
(d) 
any other particulars prescribed by regulations made by the Central Bank. 
In relation to (d) above, at the date of this Base Prospectus no such other particulars have been prescribed by 
regulations made by the Central Bank. 
Additional reporting 
With effect from 8 July 2022, Institutions are required under the ACS Act to report on a quarterly basis and, when 
requested by the Central Bank, to provide a range of information to the Central Bank regarding compliance with 
many of the requirements of the ACS Act regarding the composition of the Institution’s Pool and the functioning 
of the Monitor appointed to the Institution.  Such reporting requirements will continue to apply in the event of the 
insolvency or resolution of an Institution. 
Additionally, with effect from 8 July 2022, each Institution is required by the ACS Act to provide information, 
on a website maintained by it, on its Covered Bond Programme. Such information must be provided on at least a 
quarterly basis to investors and must be sufficiently detailed to allow investors to assess the profile and risks of 
the Covered Bond Programme and to carry out their due diligence. Such information shall include at least the 
following: 
(a) 
the value of the Pool and outstanding ACS; 
(b) 
a list of the ISINs for all ACS issued under that Covered Bond Programme, to which an ISIN has been 
attributed;  
(c) 
the geographical distribution and type of Cover Assets, their loan size and valuation method; 
(d) 
details in relation to market risk, including interest rate risk and currency risk, and credit and liquidity 
risks;  
(e) 
the maturity structure of Cover Assets and ACS, including an overview of the maturity extension 
triggers if applicable;  
(f) 
the levels of required and available coverage, and the levels of statutory, contractual and voluntary 
overcollateralisation;

--- Page 174 ---
174 
(g) 
the percentage of loans where a default is considered to have occurred pursuant to Article 178 of CRR; 
and 
(h) 
the percentage of loans which are more than 90 days past due. 
The information referenced at paragraphs (a) to (h) above is published on the Group’s website (and available at 
https://aib.ie/investorrelations/debt-investor/mortgage-bank).  
Surplus Cover Assets need not meet certain requirements of the ACS Act 
Under the ACS Act, for as long as: 
(a) 
the Pool is comprised in part of Cover Assets which meet the financial matching requirements and 
Regulatory Overcollateralisation requirement under the ACS Act and any contractual undertaking made 
by the Institution in respect of Contractual Overcollateralisation; and 
(b) 
those Cover Assets meet the other provisions of Part 4 of the ACS Act, 
then any provision of Part 4 of the ACS Act which restricts the proportion or percentage of the Pool which may 
be comprised of certain Cover Assets or criteria or standards applicable to Cover Assets does not apply to any 
further such Cover Assets comprised or to be comprised from time to time in the Pool. With respect to Regulatory 
Overcollateralisation and Contractual Overcollateralisation, see The Pool maintained by the Issuer – 
Overcollateralisation. 
Liquidity buffer 
With effect from 8 July 2022 and other than with respect to ACS which have been Grandfathered, an Institution 
is required to include in a Pool, at all times, a liquidity buffer composed of liquid assets available on each day to 
cover the maximum cumulative net liquidity outflow of its Covered Bond Programme for the following 180 days.  
The liquid assets must comprise short-term deposits with credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1, 
2 or 3 (each within the meaning of CRD IV). Uncollateralised claims from exposures considered in default 
pursuant to Article 178 of CRR shall not be used to contribute to a Pool liquidity buffer. An Institution may 
calculate the principal for extendable maturity structures on the basis of the final maturity date in accordance with 
the contractual terms and conditions of the ACS concerned. 
The Pool maintained by the Issuer 
The Issuer is required to maintain a Pool in relation to any Mortgage Covered Securities issued under the ACS 
Act. The Issuer has established and maintains a register of mortgage covered business and a Pool for the purposes 
of the ACS Act and to enable it to issue Mortgage Covered Securities.  
Introduction 
The Issuer’s Pool contains on the date of this Base Prospectus mortgage credit assets, substitution assets and cover 
assets hedge contracts subject to the limitations provided for in the ACS Act. The ACS Act permits the 
composition of the Pool to be dynamic and does not require it to be static. Accordingly, the composition of 
mortgage credit assets (and other permitted assets) comprised and to be comprised in the Issuer’s Pool will change 
from time to time after the date hereof in accordance with the ACS Act. A mortgage credit asset or substitution 
asset may only be included in or removed from the Issuer’s Pool if the Monitor agrees to its inclusion or removal 
and it is permitted by the ACS Act. Accordingly, any alterations to the composition of the Issuer’s Pool as 
described above will require the Monitor’s approval. A mortgage credit asset includes a loan secured over 
commercial property as well as one secured over residential property. Subject to the limits set out in the ACS Act, 
the Pool may include mortgage credit assets the related loans under which are secured over commercial property.  
The Issuer at the date of this Base Prospectus has included and intends to include in its Pool mortgage credit assets 
the related loans under which have their primary security located in Ireland and are secured primarily on residential 
property for the purposes of the ACS Act. Subject to further regulatory and legal approvals, consents and 
provisions of the ACS Act, the Issuer may include mortgage credit assets or substitution assets located for the 
purposes of the ACS Act in other jurisdictions permitted by the ACS Act, and mortgage credit assets secured on 
commercial property for the purposes of the ACS Act.

--- Page 175 ---
175 
The Issuer does not intend to include in the Pool maintained by the Issuer either (i) mortgage credit assets the 
related loans under which have their primary security over commercial property, (ii) mortgage credit assets the 
related loans under which have their primary security located for the purposes of the ACS Act outside Ireland, or 
(iii) mortgage credit assets the related loans under which are not denominated in euro, without, in each case, first 
obtaining from Moody’s and S&P (in each case, for so long as such rating agency is appointed by the Issuer to 
rate the Securities) a confirmation that any such action will not result in a downgrade of the rating then ascribed 
by such rating agency to the Securities. 
The Issuer issues from time to time Mortgage Covered Securities and will include in the relevant Pool, additional 
mortgage credit assets or substitution assets as security for those securities in accordance with relevant provisions 
of the ACS Act. (See Risk Factors, Restrictions on the Activities of an Institution and Cover Assets Pool – 
Restrictions on inclusion of certain types of mortgage credit assets in a Pool and Location of assets that may be 
included in a Pool). 
Substitution Assets 
The Issuer at the date of this Base Prospectus has included and intends to include in its Pool substitution assets 
which are located in Ireland. 
It is the policy of the Issuer in respect of the maintenance of substitution assets comprised in its Pool that, in each 
case for so long as S&P or, as applicable, Moody’s is appointed by the Issuer to provide credit ratings in respect 
of outstanding Securities issued by the Issuer under the Programme, at least one of the below criteria must remain 
accurate with respect to the credit institution with which the Issuer holds those substitution assets: 
(i) 
the credit institution has a Minimum SA Rating from S&P or, as applicable, Moody’s; or 
(ii) 
the obligations of the credit institution in respect of each relevant deposit are guaranteed by a guarantor 
who has a Minimum SA Rating from S&P or, as applicable, Moody’s; or  
(iii) 
if none of (i) or (ii) above apply, the credit institution has such other rating, or whose obligations in 
respect of each relevant deposit are guaranteed by a guarantor who has such other rating, as may be 
confirmed by S&P or, as applicable, Moody’s will not result in any credit rating then applying at the 
relevant time to the Issuer’s outstanding Securities being reduced, removed, suspended or placed on 
credit watch. 
It is the policy of the Issuer that, if the Issuer becomes aware at any time that the relevant criteria set out in (i), (ii) 
or (iii) above are no longer satisfied in relation to the credit institution and the Issuer continues, at the relevant 
time, to appoint S&P or, as applicable, Moody’s to rate any of its outstanding Securities, the Issuer will give notice 
thereof to S&P or, as applicable, Moody’s and, unless otherwise confirmed by S&P or, as applicable, Moody’s, 
the Issuer will, as soon as practicable, but in any event within 21 calendar days of such notice (in the case of a 
notice to S&P) or, as applicable, 30 calendar days (in the case of a notice to Moody’s) procure a suitable 
replacement credit institution. For such purpose, it is the policy of the Issuer to select a replacement credit 
institution in respect of which at least one of the criteria set out in (i), (ii) or (iii) above is satisfied or, in the event 
that such criteria are not satisfied by any available credit institution, in respect of which such criteria (in the 
opinion of S&P or, as applicable, Moody’s, failing which the Issuer) are closest to being satisfied. 
For the purposes of the above description of the Issuer’s policy in respect of the maintenance of substitution assets 
comprised in its Pool, the term “Minimum SA Rating”, with respect to a person, means that the short term 
unsecured, unguaranteed and non-subordinated securities or debt of that person have a credit rating of at least:  
• 
in the case of a rating from S&P, A-1 (short term) or, in the absence of any short term rating from S&P, 
A+ (long term); 
• 
in the case of a rating from Moody’s, P-1 (short term) or, in the absence of any short term rating from 
Moody’s, A3 long term.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
It is the Issuer’s intention that for so long as Securities remain outstanding the Issuer will at all times maintain 
substitution assets in the Pool maintained by the Issuer in accordance with the terms of the ACS Act at a level not 
less than the total amount, for the immediately following three months, of: 
(a) 
interest payable by the Issuer in respect of those Securities (after taking into account the effect of the 
cover assets hedge contract comprised in the Pool); and  
(b) 
amounts payable (if any) by the Issuer in respect of the cover assets hedge contract comprised in the 
Pool, which relate to residential loans comprised in the Pool from time to time.  
Deposits / cover assets hedge contract counterparties 
The ACS Act permits the inclusion in a Pool of substitution assets and cover assets hedge contracts subject to 
certain restrictions under the ACS Act. In addition, the Issuer may from time to time hold Pool related deposits 
other than substitution assets comprised in the Pool, including any Pool Hedge Collateral posted in cash with the 
Issuer pursuant to a cover assets hedge contract. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, deposits comprised in its Pool are held by the Issuer with Barclays Bank 
Ireland PLC and the Pool Hedge has been entered into by the Issuer with AIB Bank (see Cover Assets Pool – 
Restrictions on inclusion of substitution assets in a Pool). Where required in accordance with the terms of the 
Pool Hedge, AIB Bank may from time to time post Pool Hedge Collateral to the Issuer in the form of cash. 
However, that position may change and Pool related deposits or cover assets hedge contracts may be made by the 
Issuer with other counterparties, subject to the restrictions in the ACS Act (see Restrictions on the Activities of an 
Institution and Cover Assets Pool). 
The Issuer may from time to time enter into arrangements (including banking and standby banking arrangements) 
with one or more counterparties (which may or may not be current counterparties) for the transfer of deposits to, 
and/or the making of deposits with, such counterparties, including in circumstances where a counterparty with 
which the Issuer holds deposits would no longer (i) be a suitable counterparty in respect of deposits having regard 
to the requirements of the ACS Act (see Cover Assets Pool - The Pool maintained by the Issuer- Substitution 
Assets) and/or (ii) meet the rating criteria of any rating agency appointed at the relevant time to provide credit 
ratings in respect of any of the Issuer’s then outstanding Securities. 
Maturity of Mortgage Covered Securities 
It is the Issuer’s intention that for so long as the Securities remain outstanding no more than €3 billion in aggregate 
principal amount of Mortgage Covered Securities issued by it should mature within any given period of six 
months, unless Moody’s and/or S&P (in each case, for as long as the Securities are rated by such rating agency) 
confirm that a deviation from this policy will not result in a downgrade of the rating then ascribed by such rating 
agency to the Securities. 
Cover assets hedge contracts 
The interest rate exposure of the Issuer relating to its mortgage credit assets located in Ireland and secured over 
residential property for the purposes of the ACS Act which are comprised in the Issuer’s Pool is managed is under 
the Pool Hedge. The Pool Hedge is a cover assets hedge contract for the purposes of the ACS Act (see Cover 
Assets Pool – Cover assets hedge contracts). Under the Pool Hedge, on a monthly basis the Issuer pays to AIB 
Bank an amount related to a weighted average basket interest rate, determined by reference to interest rates 
payable on the residential loans held by the Issuer and which are included in its Pool on the relevant date, on a 
notional amount equal to the principal amount outstanding of those loans on the relevant date. In turn, on a monthly 
basis, AIB Bank pays to the Issuer an amount related to one month EURIBOR on that notional amount. With 
respect to Mortgage Covered Securities, on an annual basis or such other basis referable to the relevant coupon 
period, AIB Bank pays under the Pool Hedge an amount related to the interest rate payable on the relevant 
Mortgage Covered Securities on a notional amount equal to the principal amount outstanding of the relevant 
Mortgage Covered Securities and the Issuer pays to AIB Bank an amount related to one month EURIBOR on that 
notional amount. 
Under the terms of the Pool Hedge with AIB Bank, in the event that the relevant rating of AIB Bank is downgraded 
by a rating agency appointed by the Issuer in respect of the Securities below the rating(s) specified in the Pool 
Hedge, AIB Bank is required, in accordance with the Pool Hedge, to take certain remedial measures which may

--- Page 177 ---
177 
include providing collateral for its obligations under the Pool Hedge, arranging for its obligations under the Pool 
Hedge to be transferred to an entity with the ratings required by the relevant rating agency, procuring another 
entity with the ratings required by the relevant rating agency to become co-obligor in respect of its obligations 
under the Pool Hedge, or taking such other action as it may agree with the relevant rating agency. A failure to take 
such steps allows the Issuer to terminate the Pool Hedge. 
If the Issuer includes in its Pool mortgage credit assets, located for the purposes of the ACS Act in Ireland and 
secured on commercial property, or mortgage credit assets (whether secured on residential property or commercial 
property) which are located outside of Ireland for the purposes of the ACS Act, or mortgage credit assets or 
Mortgage Covered Securities which are not denominated in euro, the Pool Hedge referred to above does not hedge 
any interest rate or currency risks associated with those mortgage credit assets or, as applicable, Mortgage Covered 
Securities and any such risks would have to be addressed by amending the above hedging arrangements or putting 
in place new hedging arrangements which may be with counterparties other than AIB Bank. See further Risk 
Factors. 
Overcollateralisation 
Condition 11 of the Securities requires the Issuer to maintain Contractual Overcollateralisation of its Pool with 
respect to a Series of Securities in issue at any time for so long as the Securities are outstanding at the minimum 
level specified as the Overcollateralisation Percentage in the Final Terms as applying to that Series of Securities 
(see Terms and Conditions of the Securities). The Monitor appointed in respect of the Issuer, has agreed in the 
Cover-Assets Monitor Agreement to monitor compliance by the Issuer with its undertaking regarding the level of 
Contractual Overcollateralisation. See The Cover-Assets Monitor – Monitor to the Issuer. The Monitor is also 
required by regulations made by the Central Bank under the ACS Act to have regard to contractually agreed levels 
of Contractual Overcollateralisation in relation to the Securities and to monitor the relevant Institution’s 
observance of those levels. 
In this context, “Contractual Overcollateralisation” of a Pool with respect to Mortgage Covered Securities 
means the proportion (expressed as a percentage) of the prudent market value of the Pool (see Cover Assets Pool 
– Valuation of Assets Held by an Institution) to the total principal amount outstanding of Mortgage Covered 
Securities issued by the Issuer which are secured on the Pool. See Cover Assets Pool – Financial matching criteria 
for a Pool and related Mortgage Covered Securities/Regulatory Overcollateralisation. 
Since the Monitor must have regard to contractual undertakings with respect to Contractual Overcollateralisation 
when performing its functions under the ACS Act, the Monitor could not agree to the removal or substitution of 
mortgage credit assets or substitution assets from the Pool if the result of such removal or substitution was that 
the then required level of Contractual Overcollateralisation would not be satisfied. In addition, the Monitor is 
required to take reasonable steps to verify compliance by the Issuer with contractual undertakings in respect of 
Contractual Overcollateralisation before the issue of any Mortgage Covered Securities, including the Securities. 
For further information regarding the Monitor, see The Cover-Assets Monitor. 
In addition, having regard to the criteria of the rating agencies, it is the Issuer’s intention to maintain Contractual 
Overcollateralisation of its Pool with respect to Mortgage Covered Securities in issue at any time for so long as 
the Securities are outstanding (to the extent that the level of Contractual Overcollateralisation referred to above 
or otherwise required by the Conditions is not sufficient for this purpose) at a level sufficient to ensure that the 
Securities maintain the current ratings assigned to them by each of S&P and/or, as applicable, Moody’s (in each 
case for so long as such rating agency is appointed by the Issuer to rate the Securities), such level being that as 
determined by those rating agencies from time to time. 
Under the ACS Act, an Institution is required to maintain a minimum level of Regulatory Overcollateralisation of 
its Pool with respect to Mortgage Covered Securities secured on the Pool. The ACS Act confirms that the 
Regulatory Overcollateralisation requirement does not affect undertakings made by an Institution in respect of 
Contractual Overcollateralisation requiring higher levels of overcollateralisation to be maintained. 
The Issuer may from time to time maintain a higher level of overcollateralisation in its Pool in excess of the 
minimum levels required to satisfy the Issuer’s obligations in respect of Regulatory Overcollateralisation or 
Contractual Overcollateralisation. In determining the level of any such overcollateralisation at the relevant time, 
the Issuer may, in particular, have regard to the criteria of the rating agencies and the level of overcollateralisation 
necessary to ensure that the outstanding Mortgage Covered Securities maintain the current ratings then assigned

--- Page 178 ---
178 
to them by each of S&P and/or, as applicable, Moody’s (in each case, for so long as such rating agency is appointed 
by the Issuer to rate the Mortgage Covered Securities). The Issuer may from time to time publish statements, in 
the form of a voluntary public commitment, on the Group website (https://aib.ie/investorrelations/debt-
investor/mortgage-bank) in respect of any such overcollateralisation. 
For the purposes of the LCR Commission Regulation, the Issuer will ensure that, in accordance with the principles 
set out in section 32(17) of the ACS Act, the prudent market value (determined in accordance with the ACS Act) 
of mortgage credit assets and substitution assets comprised at any time in the Pool (maintained by the Issuer and 
on which Securities will be secured under the ACS Act) expressed as a percentage of the total nominal or principal 
amounts of the Mortgage Covered Securities in issue and secured under the ACS Act on that Pool at the relevant 
time, will not be less than the applicable LCR Overcollateralisation Percentage after taking into account the effect 
of any cover assets hedge contract comprised in that Pool. The commitment of the Issuer set out in this paragraph 
(including the definitions set out below) may at the Issuer’s sole initiative be amended, varied or replaced at any 
time to take account of any amendment to, or variation or replacement of, the provisions of the CRR or the LCR 
Commission Regulation applicable to level 1 assets or level 2A assets for the purposes of the LCR Commission 
Regulation or any amendment thereof or replacement thereto. Any such amendment to or variation or replacement 
of, such commitment will be published in a supplement to this Base Prospectus or in another prospectus in respect 
of the Programme. 
For the above purposes: 
“LCR Commission Regulation” means Commission Delegated Regulation (2015/62/EU) of 10 October 2014 to 
supplement Regulation (EU) 575/2013 with regard to liquidity coverage requirement of Credit Institutions; 
“LCR Overcollateralisation Percentage” means, subject to any higher percentage specified in section 32(17) of 
the ACS Act: 
(a) 
for so long as Mortgage Covered Securities issued under the Programme have a credit quality step 2 for 
the purposes of article 129(4) of the CRR (or the equivalent credit quality step in the event of a short 
term credit commitment), 107 percent; or 
(b) 
if Mortgage Covered Securities issued under the Programme have a credit quality step 1 for the purposes 
of article 129(4) of the CRR (or the equivalent credit quality step in the event of a short term assessment), 
102 percent.

--- Page 179 ---
179 
THE COVER-ASSETS MONITOR 
Appointment of a cover-assets monitor 
The ACS Act requires every Institution to appoint a qualified person to be a Monitor in respect of the Institution. 
The ACS Act provides that an appointment of a Monitor by an Institution does not take effect until it is approved 
in writing by the Central Bank. The Institution is responsible for paying any remuneration or other money payable 
to its Monitor in connection with the Monitor’s responsibilities in respect of the Institution. 
The ACS Act provides that if at any time an Institution has no Monitor appointed in respect of a Pool and the 
Central Bank reasonably believes that the Institution is unlikely to appoint such a Monitor, the Central Bank may 
appoint a suitably qualified person to be a Monitor in respect of such Institution. (For a general description of the 
obligation of an Institution to establish a Pool, see Cover Assets Pool). The appointment by the Central Bank in 
those circumstances may be on such terms and subject to such conditions as the Central Bank thinks fit. If the 
Central Bank has appointed a Monitor in accordance with the ACS Act, the Institution concerned is responsible 
for paying any remuneration or other money payable to the Monitor in connection with the performance of the 
Monitor’s responsibilities in respect of the Institution. 
Monitor to the Issuer 
The Monitor appointed in respect of the Issuer at the date of this Base Prospectus is Forvis Mazars. The Central 
Bank has approved the appointment of Forvis Mazars as Monitor in respect of the Issuer. The terms on which 
Forvis Mazars has been appointed and acts as Monitor in respect of the Issuer are set out in the Cover-Assets 
Monitor Agreement. The Cover-Assets Monitor Agreement reflects the requirements of the ACS Act and 
associated secondary legislation (as referred to in this Base Prospectus) in relation to the appointment and 
functions of a Monitor in respect of an Institution and provides for certain matters such as overcollateralisation 
(see Cover Assets Pool- The Pool maintained by the Issuer – Overcollateralisation), Prudent Market Discount 
(see Cover Assets Pool – Valuation of assets held by an Institution – Prudent Market Discount), the payment of 
fees and expenses by the Issuer to Forvis Mazars, the resignation of Forvis Mazars as Monitor to the Issuer (see 
Resignation of a Monitor) and the replacement by the Issuer of Forvis Mazars as its Monitor. 
Forvis Mazars is a large international integrated partnership, with offices across 100 countries, a total headcount 
of 40,000 employees and a global turnover of approximately €4 billion. The Forvis Mazars Group is currently 
engaged as auditors / advisers to over 15 percent of top European companies together with a large number of 
publicly funded and semi state organisations. 
Forvis Mazars in Ireland is a full member of the Forvis Mazars Group with over 30 years’ experience in the 
provision of professional services to local and international clients in the financial services, institutional and 
corporate sectors. Its professional services include audit and assurance, tax, corporate finance, insolvency, 
consulting and corporate recovery. Based in Dublin, Galway and Limerick, the firm has 37 partners and over 800 
staff. 
The above information on Forvis Mazars has been sourced from Forvis Mazars. Such information has been 
accurately reproduced and so far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from that information, no facts have 
been omitted which would render the above information inaccurate or misleading. 
Qualifications of a Monitor 
With effect from 8 July 2022, the ACS Act requires that a body corporate or partnership will be qualified to be 
appointed as a Monitor to a DCI where that body corporate or partnership: 
(a) 
has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Central Bank: 
(i) 
that it has experience and competence in the following: 
(A) 
financial risk management techniques; and 
(B) 
regulatory compliance reporting,

--- Page 180 ---
180 
(ii) 
that it has skills and experience relevant to trading on capital markets and the use of 
derivatives; 
(iii) 
that it has sufficient human, information technology and financial resources available to it to 
carry out the responsibilities of a Monitor in respect of the DCI concerned; and  
(iv) 
that its employees have sufficient:  
(A) 
academic or professional qualifications; and 
(B) 
experience,  
in financial services; and 
(b) 
has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the DCI concerned: 
(i) 
that its employees have sufficient: 
(A) 
academic or professional qualifications; and 
(B) 
experience,  
in financial services; and 
(ii) 
that it has adequate professional indemnity insurance in place; 
(c) 
is separate to and independent of the DCI concerned and any undertaking which is part of the same 
group as that DCI; 
(d) 
is not itself, nor are any of its affiliates, engaged as auditor or legal advisor to the DCI concerned or 
any undertaking which is part of the same group as that DCI; 
(e) 
does not itself, nor does any of its affiliates, provide any services (other than legal or auditing services), 
other than where it has been established to the satisfaction of the Central Bank that no conflict of 
interest will arise as a result of the provision of those services and the performance of the functions of 
a cover-assets monitor under the ACS Act; 
(f) 
does not hold any shares or similar interests in the DCI concerned or in any undertaking which is part 
of the same group as that DCI; and 
(g) 
other than as permitted under the ACS Act or the regulations, regulatory notices or orders made under 
the ACS Act, is not involved in any decision-making function or directional activity of the DCI 
concerned, or any undertaking which is part of the same group as that DCI, which could unduly 
influence the judgment of the management of the DCI concerned or any undertaking which is part of 
the same group as that DCI. 
Duties of a Monitor before an Institution issues Mortgage Covered Securities 
The ACS Act provides that before an Institution issues Mortgage Covered Securities, or enters into a cover assets 
hedge contract the Monitor appointed in respect of it must take reasonable steps to verify: 
(a) 
that the Institution will be in compliance with the financial matching requirements of the ACS Act with 
respect to its Pool and Mortgage Covered Securities (see Cover Assets Pool – Financial matching 
criteria for a Pool and related Mortgage Covered Securities/Regulatory Overcollateralisation) and 
will not be in contravention of certain provisions of the ACS Act restricting the location of assets that 
may be included in its Pool (see Cover Assets Pool – Restrictions on inclusion of certain types of 
mortgage credit assets in a Pool) and the level of substitution assets that may be included in its Pool 
(see Cover Assets Pool – Restrictions on inclusion of substitution assets in a Pool), as a result of issuing 
the Mortgage Covered Securities or entering into the cover asset hedge contract;

--- Page 181 ---
181 
(b) 
that the Institution will not be in contravention of certain provisions of the ACS Act relevant to the 
maintenance by the Institution of its Business Register (see Cover Assets Pool – Register of mortgage 
covered securities business); and 
(c) 
such other matters relating to the business of Institutions as may be prescribed by regulations made by 
the Central Bank. 
In regard to (a) above, the Central Bank has made the Asset Covered Securities Act 2001 (Section 61(2)) 
(Regulatory Overcollateralisation) Regulations 2007 (S.I. No. 606 of 2007) (which came into operation on 31 
August 2007), under which, a Monitor appointed in respect of an Institution is required to take reasonable steps 
to verify that the Institution will be in compliance with its obligation to maintain Regulatory Overcollateralisation 
before the Institution issues Mortgage Covered Securities or enters into a cover assets hedge contract. 
In regard to (c) above, the Central Bank has made the Overcollateralisation Regulation (see Cover Assets Pool – 
Valuation of assets held by an Institution – Valuation of Irish Residential Loans). Under the Overcollateralisation 
Regulation a Monitor appointed in respect of any Institution when performing its responsibilities under the ACS 
Act must have regard to any contractual undertakings given by the Institution to maintain a level of Contractual 
Overcollateralisation of Cover Assets as against Mortgage Covered Securities issued by that Institution and the 
Monitor is responsible for monitoring the Institution’s compliance with those undertakings. With respect to the 
Issuer and its contractual undertaking to maintain a specified level of Contractual Overcollateralisation, see further 
Cover Assets Pool - The Pool maintained by the Issuer – Overcollateralisation. The Central Bank has also made 
the Prudent Market Discount Regulation. The Prudent Market Discount Regulation provides that the Monitor 
when performing its responsibilities under the ACS Act must have regard to any contractual undertakings given 
by the Institution to apply a level of prudent market discount to certain calculations which are to be made by the 
Institution in respect of the MCA Valuation Notice and the Monitor is responsible for monitoring the Institution’s 
compliance with those undertakings. See further Cover Assets Pool – Valuation of assets held by an Institution. 
Continuing duties of a Monitor 
The ACS Act provides that the Monitor appointed in respect of an Institution is responsible for monitoring the 
Institution’s compliance with the following provisions of the ACS Act: 
(a) 
the matching requirements of the ACS Act with respect to the Pool and Mortgage Covered Securities 
(see Cover Assets Pool – Financial matching criteria for a Pool and related Mortgage Covered 
Securities/Regulatory Overcollateralisation) and certain provisions of the ACS Act restricting the 
location of assets that may be included in the Pool (see Cover Assets Pool – Location of assets that may 
be included in a Pool – Restrictions on inclusion of certain types of mortgage credit assets in a Pool); 
(b) 
the requirement that, except in certain cases specified in the ACS Act, a mortgage credit asset or 
substitution asset replacing another asset or a substitution asset replacing another asset in the Pool only 
forms part of the Pool if the replacement has been approved by the Monitor (see Cover Assets Pool – 
Restrictions on replacement of underlying assets included in a Pool); 
(c) 
restrictions under the ACS Act on the level of substitution assets that may be included in the Pool (see 
Cover Assets Pool – Restrictions on inclusion of substitution assets in a Pool); 
(d) 
the application by an Institution of realisations of mortgage credit assets or substitution assets 
comprised in the Pool under certain provisions of the ACS Act (see Cover Assets Pool – Use of realised 
proceeds of Cover Assets and – Release of underlying assets from a Pool); 
(e) 
certain provisions of the ACS Act relevant to the maintenance by the Institution of its Business Register 
(see Cover Assets Pool – Register of mortgage covered securities business); 
(f) 
the Regulatory Overcollateralisation requirement in respect of the Pool and Mortgage Covered 
Securities imposed under the ACS Act (see Cover Assets Pool - The Pool maintained by the Issuer- 
Overcollateralisation); 
(g) 
the requirements under the ACS Act in respect of securitised mortgage credit assets that can be included 
in the Pool (see Cover Assets Pool – Restrictions on inclusion of securitised mortgage credit assets in 
the Pool); and

--- Page 182 ---
182 
(h) 
such other matters as may be prescribed by regulations made by the Central Bank. 
The Asset Covered Securities Act 2001 (Section 61(1)) Regulations 2007 (S.I. No. 605 of 2007) made by the 
Central Bank (which came into operation on 31 August 2007) provide that a Monitor appointed in respect of an 
Institution is responsible for monitoring the Institution’s compliance with the obligation of the Institution under 
the ACS Act to include certain particulars in the Collateral Register. 
The ACS Act provides that the Monitor is also responsible for performing such other responsibilities (if any) as 
are prescribed by regulations made by the Central Bank. 
The Central Bank has made, on 2 July 2004, the Asset Covered Securities Act 2001 (Section 61(3)) Interest Rate 
Sensitivity Regulation 2004 (S.I. No. 415 of 2004) pursuant to which a Monitor appointed in respect of an 
Institution is made responsible for monitoring the Institution’s compliance with the Sensitivity to Interest Rate 
Changes Regulation. The Sensitivity to Interest Rate Changes Regulation provides that the net present value 
changes arising from any of the scenarios set forth in the regulation must not exceed 10 percent of an Institution’s 
total own funds at any time. The scenarios set forth in the regulation are: 
(a) 
one hundred basis point upward shift in the yield curve; 
(b) 
one hundred basis point downward shift in the yield curve;  
(c) 
one hundred basis point upward twist in the yield curve; and 
(d) 
one hundred basis point downward twist in the yield curve. 
All calculations of sensitivity to interest rate changes are to be carried out in accordance with formulae set out in 
the schedule to the Sensitivity to Interest Rate Changes Regulation.  
The Central Bank has made, on 2 July 2004, the Asset Covered Securities Act 2001 (Section 61(3)) Irish 
Residential Property Loan/Valuation Regulation 2004 (S.I. No. 418 of 2004). That regulation provides that the 
Monitor appointed in respect of an Institution is responsible for monitoring that Institution’s compliance with the 
MCA Valuation Notice. The MCA Valuation Notice makes provision for the prudent market valuation, valuation 
methodology and timing of valuation of Irish Residential Loans, Irish Residential Property Assets and Relevant 
Securitised Mortgage Credit Assets (together with related amounts) (see Cover Assets Pool – Valuation of assets 
held by an Institution). On 2 July 2004 the Central Bank also made the Prudent Market Discount Regulation. The 
Prudent Market Discount Regulation provides that the Monitor when performing its responsibilities under the 
ACS Act must have regard to any contractual undertakings given by the Institution to apply a level of prudent 
market discount to certain calculations which are to be made by the Institution in respect of the MCA Valuation 
Notice and the Monitor is responsible for monitoring the Institution’s compliance with those undertakings. 
On 2 July 2004 the Central Bank made the Overcollateralisation Regulation which was amended with effect from 
31 August 2007 (see Cover Assets Pool – Valuation of assets held by an Institution – Valuation of Irish Residential 
Loans). Under the Overcollateralisation Regulation, a Monitor appointed in respect of any Institution when 
performing its responsibilities under the ACS Act must have regard to any contractual undertakings given by the 
Institution to maintain a level of Contractual Overcollateralisation of Cover Assets as against Mortgage Covered 
Securities issued by that Institution and the Monitor is responsible for monitoring the Institution’s compliance 
with those undertakings (see Cover Assets Pool - The Pool maintained by the Issuer- Overcollateralisation). 
Duty of a Monitor to inform the Central Bank of certain matters 
As soon as practicable after the Monitor has become aware, or has formed a reasonable suspicion, that the 
Institution in respect of which it has been appointed has contravened or failed to comply with a provision of the 
ACS Act (which includes regulations made by the Central Bank under the ACS Act) that relates to the 
responsibilities of the Monitor, the Monitor is required to provide the Central Bank with a written report of the 
matter.

--- Page 183 ---
183 
The Monitor is also required to provide the Central Bank with such reports and provide such information as the 
Central Bank notifies to it in writing from time to time with respect to: 
(a) 
whether or not the Institution in respect of which it has been appointed is, in the opinion of the Monitor, 
complying with the provisions of the ACS Act that relate to the responsibilities of the Monitor; and 
(b) 
if in the Monitor’s opinion the Institution is not fully complying with any of those provisions, the extent 
of non-compliance. 
Additional duties which may be imposed on a Monitor by the Central Bank 
The Central Bank may, by notice in writing to the Monitor appointed in respect of an Institution, confer on that 
Monitor such additional responsibilities as it considers appropriate for the effective management of the affairs of 
the Institution if the relevant Institution: 
(a) 
has become subject to an insolvency process (within the meaning of the ACS Act); 
(b) 
is formerly a DCI (for a description of when an Institution may cease to be designated for the purposes 
of the ACS Act, see Registration of Institutions/Revocation of Registration – Revocation of 
Registration); 
(c) 
is an Institution to which the Central Bank, reasonably believing that there may be grounds for revoking 
the registration of the Institution under of the ACS Act, has given a direction under the ACS Act 
prohibiting the Institution from dealing in assets, engaging in transactions, or making payments, except 
with the Central Bank’s permission (for a description of the circumstances in which the Central Bank 
can give such a direction, see Registration of Institutions/Revocation of Registration – Direction of the 
Central Bank requiring an Institution to suspend its business); or 
(d) 
is an Institution in respect of which a manager has been appointed under the ACS Act (for a description 
of the circumstances in which a manager can be appointed to an Institution and the rights and powers 
of a manager, see Supervision and Regulation of Institutions/Managers – Power of the Central Bank to 
appoint the NTMA or a recommended person as manager of an Institution). 
The ACS Act provides that if a liquidator, examiner, receiver or manager is appointed in respect of any such 
Institution, the Monitor appointed in respect of the Institution may enter into arrangements with respect to the 
management of the Institution on such matters as may be specified in the notice from the Central Bank referred 
to above. Those arrangements must include arrangements relating to the payment of the remuneration of, and the 
costs incurred by, the Monitor, and will be subject to such conditions (if any) as are specified in the Central Bank’s 
notice, or as the Central Bank may subsequently notify to the Monitor in writing. 
The powers of Monitors with respect to security trustees 
The ACS Act makes provision for the holding by a security trustee of security (other than under the ACS Act) 
over assets comprised in a Pool which are located outside of Ireland in order to augment the security provided for 
under the ACS Act (see Insolvency of Institutions – Security Interests on the Pool). The Monitor may under the 
ACS Act enter into arrangements with the security trustee in connection with: 
(a) 
their respective functions under the ACS Act and operations relating to Cover Assets which are also 
subject to such additional security arrangements; and 
(b) 
their respective functions under the ACS Act and the enforcement or administration of Cover Assets 
which are also subject to such additional security arrangements. 
Duty of a Monitor to provide reports to the Central Bank 
If the Central Bank so directs by notice in writing, the Monitor appointed in respect of an Institution is required 
to: 
(a) 
prepare for the Central Bank, or any other person specified by the Central Bank, such reports; and

--- Page 184 ---
184 
(b) 
provide the Central Bank, or any such person, with such information, 
at such times or intervals, in relation to the exercise or performance of the Monitor’s responsibilities under the 
ACS Act and the performance by the relevant Institution of its obligations under the ACS Act in so far as the 
Monitor is responsible for monitoring the carrying out of those obligations, as the Central Bank specifies in the 
direction. 
Power of a Monitor to enter an Institution’s business premises 
A Monitor may, upon giving the Institution in respect of which it has been appointed reasonable notice, enter at 
any reasonable time during ordinary business hours any place at which the Institution carries on its business for 
the purpose of carrying out the Monitor’s responsibilities in relation to the Institution. 
A Monitor who exercises its power to enter an Institution’s place of business may do any of the following: 
(a) 
inspect the place and examine any record found in the place that the Monitor reasonably believes to be 
relevant to the performance of its responsibilities in respect of the Institution; 
(b) 
require the Institution or any person who is apparently a person concerned in the management of the 
Institution to answer any relevant questions or provide the Monitor with such assistance and facilities 
as is or are reasonably necessary to enable the Monitor to exercise or perform the Monitor’s 
responsibilities; 
(c) 
require any person in the place to produce for inspection records in so far as they relate to the 
responsibilities of the Monitor; and 
(d) 
make copies of all or any part of those records. 
Power of a Monitor to obtain information from an Institution 
A Monitor may, by notice in writing to the relevant Institution, require it to give to the Monitor, within such period 
as may be specified in the notice, any specified information or record that relates to the responsibilities of the 
Monitor in respect of the Institution, but only if the information or record is in the possession, or under the control, 
of the Institution. 
Duties of an Institution to inform its Monitor of certain matters 
The ACS Act provides that an Institution is required to keep its Monitor informed of the following matters: 
(a) 
such particulars of payments received by the Institution in respect of Cover Assets included in the 
relevant Pool, and at such times or intervals, as the Monitor requires; 
(b) 
any failure of any person who has a financial obligation in respect of those assets to perform the 
obligation within a period of 10 or 60 days depending on the type of asset (or such other period as may 
be specified in a regulatory notice published by the Central Bank) after it was due to be performed; and 
(c) 
any proceedings brought in relation to those assets against any such person by or on behalf of the 
Institution. 
An Institution that, without reasonable excuse, fails to provide its Monitor with the above information commits 
an offence and is liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding €1,000. 
Central Bank powers to require information regarding Pool Hedge Collateral to be given to the Monitor 
Under the ACS Act, the Central Bank may require an Institution to provide the Monitor such information in 
relation to Pool Hedge Collateral held by the Institution and at such intervals as may be specified to the Institution 
by the Central Bank.

--- Page 185 ---
185 
Remuneration of a Monitor 
The appointing Institution is responsible for paying any remuneration to the Monitor in connection with the 
performance of the Monitor’s duties. 
Priority of a Monitor on an insolvency of the Institution 
From 8 July 2022 and other than with respect to Grandfathered ACS, the Monitor of an Institution, along with 
any manager (and under the ACS Act, a Pool security trustee) that has been appointed to the Institution will 
constitute “tier 2” creditors of the Institution.  Prior to 8 July 2022 (and this remains the case with respect to any 
Grandfathered ACS), the Monitor of an Institution, along with any manager (and under the ACS Act, a Pool 
security trustee) that has been appointed to the Institution, constituted “super-preferred” creditors of the 
Institution, whose claims ranked ahead of those of any other preferred creditors, including the holders of Mortgage 
Covered Securities. From 8 July 2022 (except with respect to any Grandfathered ACS), the ACS Act provides 
that the claims of “tier 1” creditors rank ahead of those of any other preferred creditors.  For a description of the 
priority afforded to the claims of preferred creditors of an Institution on the insolvency of such Institution, see 
Insolvency of Institutions – Effect under the ACS Act of insolvency, potential insolvency or insolvency process 
with respect to an Institution. 
Termination of appointment of a Monitor 
An Institution may terminate the appointment of its Monitor only with the written consent of the Central Bank. 
The Central Bank may direct an Institution to terminate the appointment of its Monitor and to appoint another 
qualified person in place of that Monitor. The notice issued by the Central Bank making that direction must specify 
the Central Bank’s reasons. 
Resignation of a Monitor 
A Monitor may resign by giving at least 30 days’ notice in writing to the Central Bank (unless the Central Bank 
agrees to a shorter notice period) and must include in such notice a statement of the reasons for its resignation. In 
the Cover-Assets Monitor Agreement, Forvis Mazars has agreed that it will not resign as Monitor in respect of 
the Issuer unless another entity has agreed to act as Monitor in respect of the Issuer and the Central Bank has 
approved the appointment of such other entity as Monitor in respect of the Issuer in place of Forvis Mazars; 
provided that if a replacement Monitor has not been appointed within six months of Forvis Mazars having given 
notice of its intention to resign as Monitor, then Forvis Mazars will be entitled to resign as Monitor 
notwithstanding that no replacement Monitor has been appointed. 
Effect of the insolvency of an Institution on the appointment of its Monitor 
The fact that an Institution, or its parent entity or any company related to the Institution, has become insolvent or 
potentially insolvent does not affect the appointment of the Monitor appointed in respect of it and the claims and 
rights of the Monitor in so far as those claims or rights relate to the appointment or arise under the ACS Act. For 
a description of the circumstances in which an Institution is regarded as insolvent or potentially insolvent for the 
purposes of the ACS Act, see Insolvency of Institutions – Meanings of “insolvent”, “potentially insolvent” and 
“insolvency process” for the purposes of the ACS Act. 
The ACS Act provides that the obligations of the Institution towards the Monitor continue to have effect in relation 
to the Institution, and be enforceable, despite the Institution, or its parent entity or a company related to the 
Institution, becoming subject to an insolvency process. 
If an Institution, or where the Institution has a parent entity or a company is related to the Institution, the parent 
entity or related company, becomes subject to an insolvency process, the obligation of the Institution to appoint 
and maintain a Monitor continues to have effect until the claims of all preferred creditors have been fully satisfied 
and the functions of each Monitor and manager appointed in respect of the Institution have been fully discharged. 
In such circumstances, the Monitor continues to hold office in accordance with the terms and conditions applicable 
to the appointment. For a description of the circumstances in which an Institution is regarded as subject to an 
insolvency process for the purpose of the ACS Act, (see Insolvency of Institutions – Meanings of “insolvent”, 
“potentially insolvent” and “insolvency process” for the purposes of the ACS Act).

--- Page 186 ---
186 
Powers of the Central Bank in relation to a Monitor 
Section 26 of the Central Bank Act 2013 provides for a general power for an authorised officer of the Central 
Bank to enter any premises other than, save with the consent of the occupier or a court warrant, a dwelling- 
(a) 
which he or she has reasonable grounds to believe are or have been used for, or in relation to, the 
business of a person to whom Part 3 of the Central Bank Act 2013 applies; or  
(b) 
at, on or in which the authorised officer has reasonable grounds to believe that records relating to the 
business of a person to whom Part 3 of the Central Bank Act 2013 applies are kept.  
Part 3 of the Central Bank Act 2013 applies to, amongst others, a “regulated financial service provider” (which 
would include the Issuer) and “any person whom the Central Bank reasonably believes may possess information 
about a financial product or investment or investment admitted to trading under the rules and systems of a 
regulated market” (which would appear to include a person possessing information in relation to Securities, 
including a Monitor).  
Section 27 of the Central Bank Act 2013 empowers an authorised officer to, amongst other things, inspect and 
take copies of records found in the course of searching and inspecting premises. 
Limitation on the civil liability of a Monitor 
The ACS Act provides that the Monitor, officers and employees of the Monitor, and persons acting under the 
direction of the Monitor are not liable in any civil proceedings for any act done, or omitted to be done, by the 
person for the purposes of, or in connection with, performing or exercising any function or power imposed or 
conferred on the Monitor by or under the ACS Act if the act was done, or was omitted, in good faith for the 
purposes of the ACS Act.

--- Page 187 ---
187 
INSOLVENCY OF INSTITUTIONS 
Effect under the ACS Act of insolvency, potential insolvency or insolvency process with respect to an 
Institution 
Part 7 of the ACS Act contains provisions dealing with the effect of an insolvency, potential insolvency or 
insolvency process on the rights and obligations of an Institution and other persons connected with an Institution. 
Under the ACS Act, a reference in Part 7 of the ACS Act to Cover Assets or a Pool includes: 
(a) 
in the case of mortgage credit assets and substitution assets which constitute Cover Assets, any security, 
guarantee, indemnity and insurance held by the Institution in respect of such assets; and 
(b) 
in the case of cover assets hedge contracts, any security, guarantee, indemnity and insurance held by the 
Institution for, or Pool Hedge Collateral provided to the Institution under, such contracts. 
In addition, under the ACS Act, any reference in Part 7 of the ACS Act to a cover assets hedge contract includes 
Pool Hedge Collateral or security provided to the Institution under or for that contract. 
Part 7 of the ACS Act disapplies with respect to Institutions, the Companies Act, the Bankruptcy Acts 1988 and 
2001, the Taxes Act (within the meaning of section 811(1) (a) of the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997), legislation 
relating to the regulation of credit institutions in Ireland and any other enactments or rules of law relating to an 
insolvency process, except insofar as they are specified in relation to laws relevant to fraud and misrepresentation. 
Certain insolvency provisions relating to fraud continue to have effect with respect to Part 7 of the ACS Act, in 
addition to any enactment or rule of law that would render the security or contract void or unenforceable on the 
grounds of fraud or misrepresentation. 
The ACS Act provides that the fact that an Institution or its parent entity or any company related to the Institution 
has become insolvent or potentially insolvent does not affect: 
(a) 
the claims and rights of holders of Mortgage Covered Securities issued by the Institution; 
(b) 
the claims and rights of a person (other than the holder of a Mortgage Covered Security issued by the 
Institution) who has rights under or in respect of any such Mortgage Covered Security by virtue of any 
legal relationship with the holder; 
(c) 
the claims and rights that the other contracting party has under any cover assets hedge contract entered 
into by the Institution; 
(d) 
the appointment of a Monitor and the relevant claims and rights of such Monitor in so far as those 
claims and rights relate to the appointment or arise under the ACS Act (for a description of the role of 
a Monitor see The Cover-Assets Monitor); 
(e) 
the appointment of a manager in respect of the Institution and the relevant claims and rights of such 
manager in so far as those claims and rights relate to the appointment or arise under the ACS Act (for 
a description of the circumstances in which a manager may be appointed to an Institution, see 
Supervision and Regulation of Institutions/Managers); or 
(f) 
the functions of the NTMA under Part 6 of the ACS Act and the relevant claims and rights of the 
NTMA in so far as those claims and rights relate to those functions (for a description of the role of the 
NTMA under Part 6 of the ACS Act, see Supervision and Regulation of Institutions/Managers). 
Where an Institution, or its parent entity or any company related to the Institution becomes subject to an insolvency 
or resolution process, preferred creditors (see below) are, for the purpose of satisfying their claims and rights 
under Part 7 of the ACS Act, entitled to have recourse to the cover assets that are comprised in the Pool maintained 
by the Institution ahead of members of, and contributories to, the Institution and all other creditors of the 
Institution, its parent entity or company related to the Institution. This provision applies irrespective of whether 
the claims of creditors other than preferred creditors are preferred under any other enactment or any rule of law 
and whether those claims are secured or unsecured.

--- Page 188 ---
188 
“Preferred creditors” means, in respect of an Institution, all or any of the following persons: 
(a) 
a tier 1 creditor; and 
(b) 
a tier 2 creditor. 
“Tier 1 creditors” means, in respect of an Institution, all or any of the following persons: 
(a) 
the holder of an outstanding Mortgage Covered Security issued by the Institution; 
(b) 
a person (other than the holder) who has rights under or in respect of any such Mortgage Covered 
Security by virtue of any legal relationship with the holder; and 
(c) 
a person with whom the Institution has entered into a cover assets hedge contract, but only if the person 
is in compliance with the financial obligations imposed under the contract. 
“Tier 2 creditors” means, in respect of an Institution, all or any of the following persons appointed to the 
Institution: 
(a) 
a Monitor; 
(b) 
a manager.  
From 8 July 2022 (other than with respect to Grandfathered ACS), the claims of tier 1 creditors rank ahead of 
those of the other preferred creditors (being tier 2 creditors). 
Prior to 8 July 2022 (and this remains the case with respect to Grandfathered ACS), the claims of tier 2 creditors 
ranked ahead of those of tier 1 creditors. 
The ACS Act provides that the claims of the preferred creditors have effect irrespective of when the Mortgage 
Covered Security, contract or appointment of the Monitor or manager giving rise to a claim was issued or made, 
of when a claim of a preferred creditor arose and of the terms of that security, contract or appointment. 
To the extent that the claims of all preferred creditors are not fully satisfied from the proceeds of the disposal of 
the Cover Assets comprised in the Pool maintained by the relevant Institution, such creditors become unsecured 
creditors in the insolvency or resolution process relating to the Institution. 
The following obligations of an Institution continue under Part 7 of the ACS Act to have effect in relation to the 
Institution, and are enforceable, despite the Institution, or its parent entity or a company related to the Institution, 
becoming subject to an insolvency process: 
(a) 
obligations arising under or in respect of a Mortgage Covered Security issued by the Institution; 
(b) 
obligations arising under or in respect of any cover assets hedge contract entered into by the Institution; 
(c) 
obligations towards the Monitor appointed in respect of the Institution; 
(d) 
obligations towards any manager appointed to manage affairs of the Institution; or 
(e) 
obligations towards the NTMA under Part 6 of the ACS Act. 
The ACS Act provides that in the event that an Institution or its parent or a related company becomes subject to 
an insolvency process, the obligation of the Institution to appoint a Monitor, and the powers of the Central Bank 
and the NTMA with respect to the appointment of a manager, continue to have effect until the claims of all 
preferred creditors have been fully satisfied and the functions of each Monitor and manager appointed in respect 
of the Institution have been fully discharged.

--- Page 189 ---
189 
Part 7 of the ACS Act provides that if an Institution, or where the Institution has a parent entity or a company is 
related to the Institution, the parent entity or related company, becomes subject to an insolvency or a resolution 
process: 
(a) 
all Mortgage Covered Securities issued by the Institution remain outstanding, subject to the terms and 
conditions specified in the security documents under which those Mortgage Covered Securities are 
created; 
(b) 
every cover assets hedge contract relating to those Mortgage Covered Securities continues to have 
effect, subject to the terms and conditions of the contract; 
(c) 
each Monitor or manager appointed by or in respect of the Institution continues to hold office as such 
in accordance with the terms and conditions applicable to the appointment; and 
(d) 
the Institution’s obligations under those Mortgage Covered Securities, or any such contract or 
appointment, continue to be enforceable. 
The ACS Act expressly excludes Cover Assets that are included in a Pool from forming part of the assets of an 
Institution, its parent or a related company, for the purposes of any insolvency or resolution process until the 
claims secured by Part 7 of the ACS Act are fully discharged. 
The ACS Act provides that Cover Assets that are included in a Pool are not liable to attachment, sequestration or 
other form of seizure, or to set-off by any persons, that would otherwise be permitted by law so long as claims 
secured under Part 7 of the ACS Act remain unsatisfied. 
The ACS Act provides that an Institution may not be dissolved under an insolvency process until the claims and 
rights of all preferred creditors have been fully satisfied. However, if the High Court is satisfied that the Institution 
has no assets capable of meeting the claims and rights of those creditors, it may make an order dissolving the 
Institution. 
Security interests on the Pool 
An Institution may not create a security interest in respect of any Cover Assets in a Pool if Mortgage Covered 
Securities are outstanding or if a cover assets hedge contract is in existence and if such security interest would, 
but for Part 7 of the ACS Act, adversely affect the priority conferred by Part 7 of the ACS Act on preferred 
creditors. If an Institution creates any such security interest, the interest is void and any money secured by it is 
repayable immediately. The ACS Act provides that, if a cover asset included in a Pool is subject to a security 
interest which would contravene the above provisions of the ACS Act, the relevant Institution is required to 
replace such cover asset in accordance with the relevant provisions of the ACS Act. 
The ACS Act permits an Institution to create a security interest in respect of its Cover Assets if: 
(a) 
the relevant assets are located outside of Ireland; and 
(b) 
the person who (directly or indirectly) has the benefit of the interest is the same person as the person 
who is entitled to security over those assets in accordance with the order of priority prescribed by Part 
7 of the ACS Act. 
Under the ACS Act, for the purposes of (b) above, there may be disregarded claims over the relevant assets arising 
from mandatory laws in the relevant jurisdictions and any costs associated with administering the security interest 
and realising assets under the security interest. 
With effect from 8 July 2022, the ACS Act provides that where an Institution which has issued Mortgage Covered 
Securities is subject to resolution, the Central Bank shall ensure that the rights and interests of investors in those 
securities are preserved, including by verifying the continuous and sound management of the Covered Bond 
Programme during the period of the resolution process.

--- Page 190 ---
190 
European and Irish Insolvency Law relevant to Institutions 
CIWUD Directive 
The CIWUD Directive was required to be implemented into the national law of the Member States on 5 May 
2004. It was first implemented in Ireland by the 2004 Regulations with effect from 5 May 2004. With effect from 
4 February 2011, the 2004 Regulations were revoked by the 2011 Regulations which are now the implementing 
regulations for the CIWUD Directive in Ireland. 
The purpose of the CIWUD Directive is to create unified proceedings for EU credit institutions that are subject to 
the imposition of reorganisation measures or the commencement of winding-up proceedings (as such terms are 
defined in the CIWUD Directive and the 2011 Regulations). The CIWUD Directive provides that, with some 
exceptions and exclusions, the application of reorganisation measures to, or the winding-up of, a credit institution 
(including in respect of its branches in other Member States) will be effected in accordance with the national law 
of its home Member State. It also provides that only the administrative or judicial authorities in that home Member 
State can authorise the implementation of reorganisation measures or the opening of winding up proceedings in 
respect of the credit institution, including branches in other Member States. 
To this end, the 2011 Regulations provide, among other things, that the “relevant applicable enactment” applies 
to and in relation to a reorganisation measure imposed, or to be imposed, in respect of an “authorised credit 
institution” (except as otherwise provided by the 2011 Regulations) and also applies to proceedings to wind up an 
“authorised credit institution”. 
An “authorised credit institution” is defined in the 2011 Regulations as including the holder of a licence under 
section 9 of the Irish Central Bank Act 1971 (now an ECB banking authorisation) which would include an 
Institution. The term “relevant applicable enactment” would in the context of an Institution include the ACS Act. 
Therefore, the 2011 Regulations confirm, subject as described below, that the ACS Act will apply to any 
reorganisation measure imposed or to be imposed, or any proceedings to wind up, an Institution. 
Reflecting the provisions of the CIWUD Directive, the 2011 Regulations recognise that reorganisation measures 
or winding-up proceedings in respect of an Irish authorised credit institution should not affect certain rights in 
rem of its creditors to assets of the credit institution located in another Member State when the reorganisation 
measure is imposed or the winding-up proceedings commenced. 
Again reflecting the provisions of the CIWUD Directive, the 2011 Regulations provide that reorganisation 
measures or winding-up proceedings, in respect of an Irish authorised credit institution should not affect certain 
set-off rights of its creditors where such set-off is permitted by the law that applies to the institution’s claims. To 
the extent that such law is Irish law, a creditor of an Irish authorised credit institution which is subject to 
reorganisation measures or winding-up proceedings could only assert a right of set-off to the extent that Irish law 
would otherwise permit. With regard to the prohibition under the ACS Act of set-off against Cover Assets 
comprised in the Pool maintained by an Institution, see Effect under the ACS Act of insolvency, potential 
insolvency or insolvency process with respect to an Institution above.  
However, to the extent that the law that applies to any claim of a relevant credit institution, within the meaning of 
the 2011 Regulations, is a law other than Irish law, the 2011 Regulations, together with that law, may operate to 
displace provisions of Irish law prohibiting the exercise of a right of set-off by a creditor against the relevant credit 
institution, including, in the context of Cover Assets comprised in a Pool maintained by an Institution, the 
provisions of the ACS Act referred to above. It should be noted in this regard that neither the CIWUD Directive 
nor the 2011 Regulations provide any guidance on the meaning of the terms “the law applicable to the institution’s 
claim” (CIWUD Directive) or “the law that applies to the institution’s claim” (2011 Regulations) and so, in the 
absence of any Irish or EU judicial authority on the point, it is not possible to confirm, for example, whether this 
would comprise the governing law of the claim or, if different, the lex situs of the claim.

--- Page 191 ---
191 
Single Resolution Mechanism 
The European institutions have also established the SRM under the SRM Regulation. The SRM applies to banks 
covered by the SSM.  
Recovery and Resolution Directive  
The BRRD establishes a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms.  
Consequences of Issuer’s Status as an Unlimited Company 
The Issuer is an unlimited company. Under the Companies Act, there is no limit on the liability of a then-current 
member (i.e., a registered shareholder of record) of an unlimited company to contribute to that company in an 
insolvent liquidation of the company to the extent that the company’s assets are insufficient to meet its liabilities. 
In that event, the liquidator of the unlimited company or the court seeks the contributions from each of the 
members. A company’s unlimited status does not confer on the creditors of the company the right to seek payment 
of the company’s liabilities from the company’s members or to seek contributions for the company from the 
members in the event of the unlimited company becoming insolvent or otherwise. This right rests with the 
liquidator or the court on an insolvent winding-up. If the persons who are the members of an unlimited company 
at the date of commencement of the winding-up cannot contribute sufficiently to the assets of the company, the 
liquidator or court may have recourse to persons who were members within one year before the winding up 
commenced, although these former members will only be liable to contribute in respect of liabilities contracted 
by the company while they were members. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, AIB Bank is the sole member of the Issuer. AIB Bank beneficially owns the 
entire issued share capital of the Issuer. The Issuer is thus a wholly-owned subsidiary of AIB Bank which is a 
wholly-owned subsidiary of AIB Group plc. The Issuer’s liabilities under the Securities will be contracted by the 
Issuer on the date when the Securities are issued and their issue price is paid up in full. The members of the Issuer 
on the date on which the Securities are issued and the issue price is paid up in full will be liable to contribute in 
respect of the Issuer’s liabilities in respect of the Securities on an insolvent winding-up of the Issuer (if the Issuer 
does not have sufficient resources to discharge its liabilities in respect of the Securities in full) if they are still 
members of the Issuer at the date of the commencement of such winding up, or if they were members of the Issuer 
within one year before such winding-up commenced. 
Neither AIB Bank nor AIB Group plc is a guarantor of the Securities.

--- Page 192 ---
192 
SUPERVISION AND REGULATION OF INSTITUTIONS/MANAGERS 
Introduction 
The Central Bank is primarily responsible for the supervision and regulation of Institutions. In certain 
circumstances (summarised below) the Central Bank may under the ACS Act appoint the NTMA or a person 
recommended by the NTMA as manager of an Institution. 
In addition, each Institution is required by the ACS Act to appoint a Monitor. For a description of the obligations 
of an Institution towards the Monitor appointed by it, and the rights and duties of a Monitor, see The Cover-Assets 
Monitor. 
Regulation of Institutions under banking legislation other than the ACS Act 
As Irish incorporated credit institutions authorised by the Central Bank under legislation relating to banking 
activities in Ireland, Institutions are subject to regulation under the Irish banking legislation applicable to Irish 
banks generally in addition to regulation under the ACS Act in respect of the activities regulated thereby. 
As regards the relationship between the Central Bank’s powers and functions under the Irish Banking Code and 
those under the ACS Act, the ACS Act provides that the Central Bank has, in relation to Institutions and other 
persons to whom the ACS Act relates, the functions imposed and powers conferred on the Central Bank by or 
under the Irish Banking Code in relation to credit institutions within the scope of the Irish Banking Code, except 
as required or provided by the ACS Act and subject to such modifications to those functions and powers as are 
necessary in order to adopt those functions and powers for the purposes of the ACS Act. 
General functions of the Central Bank under the ACS Act 
The ACS Act provides that the functions of the Central Bank are as follows: 
(a) 
to designate credit institutions for the purposes of the ACS Act; 
(b) 
to administer the system of supervision and regulation of DCIs in accordance with the ACS Act in order 
to promote the maintenance of the proper and orderly regulation and supervision of those institutions; 
and 
(c) 
to perform such other functions as are prescribed by or under the ACS Act. 
The ACS Act provides that the Minister may, by order, impose on the Central Bank functions additional to those 
specified above. At the date of this Base Prospectus, no such order has been made by the Minister. 
In addition, the Central Bank is given a general power pursuant to the ACS Act to do all things necessary or 
expedient to be done for or in connection with, or incidental to, the performance of its functions. 
Various provisions of the ACS Act oblige, or confer on the Central Bank the power, to make regulations or publish 
regulatory notices to make provision for a range of matters arising from the operation of the ACS Act. In addition, 
the ACS Act confers on the Central Bank a general power to make regulations, not inconsistent with the ACS Act, 
for or with respect to any matter that by the ACS Act is required or permitted to be prescribed, or that is necessary 
or expedient to be prescribed, for carrying out or giving effect to the ACS Act. 
Under the ACS Act, where the Central Bank makes an order, regulation, regulatory notice or other notice under 
the ACS Act, the Central Bank is required to have regard to the following principles and policies to the extent 
applicable: 
(a) 
the facilitation of the establishment and operation in Ireland of DCIs (which include Institutions); 
(b) 
the facilitation of the establishment and operation of a market in asset covered securities (which include 
Mortgage Covered Securities) so as to make available further sources of funds to those Institutions;

--- Page 193 ---
193 
(c) 
the need to develop the business of one or more types of DCIs having regard to domestic or international 
markets in which the institutions operate or may propose to operate; 
(d) 
the need to protect the interests of preferred creditors or other creditors of one or more types of DCIs; 
(e) 
the need for proper and proportionate regulation of one or more types of DCIs; and 
(f) 
CRD IV and any regulations and directives made by competent organs of the EU which have been 
implemented in Irish law relevant to among other types of securities, asset covered securities. 
Role of the Central Bank as competent authority under the Covered Bonds Directive 
With effect from 8 July 2022, the Central Bank is designated as the competent authority for the purposes of public 
supervision of asset covered securities referred to in Article 18(1) of the Covered Bonds Directive.  From that 
date, the Central Bank is required to cooperate closely with competent authorities in other Member States for the 
purposes of Article 18(2) of the Covered Bonds Directive and with the EBA and ESMA for the purposes of the 
Covered Bonds Directive.  The Central Bank is required to communicate all relevant information at the request 
of such a competent authority and, on its own initiative, communicate any essential information to such a 
competent authority. ‘Essential information’ in this context means any information which could materially 
influence the assessment of the issue of covered bonds in another Member State. 
The Central Bank is also required from that date to publish, and update when necessary, the following information 
on its official website: 
(a) 
the text of the ACS Act and any other Act relating to the issue of ACS; 
(b) 
the text of statutory instruments, if any, relating to the issue of ACS; 
(c) 
the text of administrative rules and general guidance, if any, adopted in relation to the issue of ACS; 
(d) 
a list of DCIs; 
(e) 
a list of ACS that are entitled to use the label ‘European Covered Bond’; 
(f) 
a list of ACS that are entitled to use the label ‘European Covered Bond (Premium)’. 
The above information published by the Central Bank is required to be sufficient to enable a meaningful 
comparison of the approach adopted by the Central Bank and the approach adopted by competent authorities 
designated pursuant to Article 18(2) of the Covered Bonds Directive by Member States other than Ireland. 
Additionally, the Central Bank is empowered to apply any of the following sanctions to an Institution in relation 
to a list of prescribed contraventions of the ACS Act: 
(a) 
withdrawal of a permission for a Covered Bond Programme;  
(b) 
a public statement which indicates the identity of the natural or legal person and the nature of the 
contravention concerned; 
(c) 
an order requiring a natural or legal person responsible for the contravention to cease, and desist from 
a repetition of, the conduct concerned. 
The ACS Act provides that the Central Bank may adopt and implement supervisory guidelines relating to the issue 
of asset covered securities which is shall publish on its website. 
Use of ‘European Covered Bond’ and ‘European Covered Bond (Premium)’ Labels 
From 8 July 2022, subject to the following paragraph, a DCI shall not use the label ‘European Covered Bond’ or 
an official translation of that phrase in any of the official languages of the EU for ACS unless those ACS are 
issued in compliance with the ACS Act (as amended by the Irish Covered Bond Directive Implementing

--- Page 194 ---
194 
Regulations).  A DCI shall not use the label ‘European Covered Bond (Premium)’ or an official translation of that 
phrase in any of the official languages of the EU for ACS unless those ACS are issued in compliance with the 
ACS Act (as so amended) and Article 129 of CRR (as amended with effect from 8 July 2022 by the EU Covered 
Bonds Regulation).  
From 8 July 2022, a DCI may use the label ‘European Covered Bond’ or an official translation of that phrase in 
any of the official languages of the EU for ACS which are issued before 8 July 2022 and which meet the criteria 
for bonds under Regulation 70(3)(a) of the European Communities (Undertakings for Collective Investment in 
Transferable Securities) Regulations 2011 as it applied on the date of their issue. 
From 8 July 2022, a DCI shall, when it issues ACS entitled to use the label ‘European Covered Bond’ or the label 
‘European Covered Bond (Premium)’, notify the Central Bank as soon as practicable after such issue that it has 
issued such ACS.  
From 8 July 2022, the Central Bank is required to notify the EBA on an annual basis of the list of DCIs and the 
lists of ACS that are entitled to use the labels ‘European Covered Bond’ and ‘European Covered Bond (Premium)’ 
published by it. 
Power of the Central Bank to appoint the NTMA or a recommended person as manager of an Institution 
The ACS Act sets out the circumstances in which the Central Bank may appoint the NTMA or a person 
recommended by the NTMA as manager of an Institution and the role and functions of the NTMA and a manager 
appointed under the ACS Act. 
The ACS Act provides that the Central Bank may request the NTMA to attempt to locate persons who are suitably 
qualified for appointment to manage asset covered securities business activities (described below), or specified 
asset covered securities business activities, of an Institution in any of the following circumstances: 
(a) 
if the Institution has become insolvent or potentially insolvent (for a description of the circumstances 
in which an Institution is regarded as insolvent or potentially insolvent for the purposes of the ACS 
Act, see Insolvency of Institutions – Meanings of “insolvent”, “potentially insolvent” and “insolvency 
process” for the purposes of the ACS Act); 
(b) 
if as a result of becoming aware of information provided to the Central Bank, it is of the opinion that a 
manager should be appointed in respect of the Institution in order to safeguard the interests of: 
(i) 
holders of Mortgage Covered Securities issued by the Institution; or 
(ii) 
persons who have rights under cover assets hedge contracts entered into by the Institution 
(for a general description of the circumstances in which an Institution may enter into cover 
assets hedge contracts and the rights and obligations attaching thereto, see Restrictions on 
the Activities of an Institution – Permitted business activities in which an Institution may 
engage – (f) entering into certain hedging contracts for the purpose of hedging risks 
associated with the foregoing activities/dealing in and holding Pool Hedge Collateral); or 
(iii) 
other creditors of the Institution; or 
(c) 
the Institution has been determined to be failing or likely to fail pursuant to Article 32(1) of BRRD; 
(d) 
in exceptional circumstances, if the Central Bank determines that the proper functioning of the 
Institution is seriously at risk; or 
(e) 
if the registration of the Institution as a DCI is revoked under the ACS Act or the Institution is subject 
to a direction given under certain provisions of the ACS Act (for a description of the relevant provisions 
see Registration of Institutions/Revocation of Registration – Revocation of registration and – Direction 
of the Central Bank requiring an Institution to suspend its business).

--- Page 195 ---
195 
The ACS Act defines “asset covered securities business activities” in relation to an Institution or former 
Institution, for the purposes of Part 6 of the ACS Act, as: 
(a) 
issuing Mortgage Covered Securities and otherwise financing or refinancing the activities referred to 
in (b) to (d) below; 
(b) 
entering into cover assets hedge contracts; 
(c) 
dealing with mortgage credit assets or substitution assets; 
(d) 
holding Cover Assets and maintaining the related Pool; 
(e) 
the keeping of the Business Register (for a description of the provisions of the ACS Act requiring an 
Institution to maintain a Business Register, see Cover Assets Pool – Register of mortgage covered 
securities business); and 
(f) 
administering and servicing those activities. 
Under the ACS Act, the Central Bank may by notice in writing given to a manager appointed in respect of an 
Institution, confer on that manager such additional responsibilities or powers as it considers appropriate for the 
effective management of the asset covered securities business activities of the Institution. 
Under the ACS Act, if a liquidator, examiner or receiver is appointed in respect of an Institution to which a 
manager has been appointed, the manager may enter into arrangements with respect to the management of the 
Institution, including such matters as may be specified in a notice of the kind referred to in the paragraph 
immediately above. Those arrangements must include payment of the manager’s costs and remuneration and are 
subject to any conditions specified in such a notice or as the Central Bank may notify the manager in writing. 
Where an Institution, in respect of which a manager has been appointed, has property or assets located for the 
purposes of the ACS Act outside Ireland and those assets or property are relevant to the manager’s functions under 
the ACS Act, under the ACS Act, the manager may, with the prior written consent of the Central Bank, appoint 
agents with such powers of the manager and on such terms as the manager considers are required to enable the 
manager to carry out the manager’s functions under the ACS Act and the claims of any such agent are deemed to 
be claims of the manager for the purposes of the ACS Act. 
The ACS Act also contains provisions in relation to nominations by the NTMA to the Central Bank of prospective 
candidates for manager to an Institution, selection and appointment of the manager by the Central Bank and 
publication of that appointment. 
In the event that such a person cannot be located, the NTMA will then attempt to find an appropriate body 
corporate to become the parent entity of the Institution concerned in place of the existing parent (if any). 
The ACS Act provides that in the event that the NTMA cannot locate a suitable appointee as manager or 
replacement parent entity, the Central Bank is required to appoint the NTMA as manager to manage the asset 
covered securities business activities of the Institution concerned, or such of those activities as are specified by 
the Central Bank. 
The ACS Act provides that the Central Bank may, while the NTMA is attempting to locate a suitably qualified 
person for appointment as manager or an appropriate body corporate to become the parent entity of the Institution 
concerned, appoint the NTMA as a temporary manager to manage the asset covered securities business activities 
of the Institution concerned, or such of those activities as are specified by the Central Bank. 
The ACS Act provides that, on appointment, a manager becomes responsible for managing the asset covered 
securities business of the relevant Institution, or such of those activities as are specified in the manager’s notice 
of appointment, and performing the functions, and exercising the powers, of the relevant Institution insofar as 
they relate to those activities.  A manager is also responsible under the ACS Act for the initiation of proceedings 
in order to bring assets back into the Cover Pool of the Institution and for the transferral of the remaining assets 
to the insolvency estate of the Institution which issued the ACS after all liabilities in relation to those securities 
have been discharged.

--- Page 196 ---
196 
The ACS Act provides that the manager is required to assume control of the assets of the Institution that relate to 
the Institution’s asset covered securities business activities, or such of those assets that relate to the asset covered 
securities business activities specified in the manager’s notice of appointment. The manager is required to carry 
on that business in such manner as appears to the manager to be in the commercial interest of the holders of 
Mortgage Covered Securities issued by the relevant Institution and of persons with whom the Institution has 
entered into cover assets hedge contracts, subject to and in accordance with any directions of the Central Bank.  
The manager will also be required to verify the continuous and sound management of the Institution’s Covered 
Bond Programme during the period of the manager’s appointment. 
The ACS Act provides that the provisions set out in schedule 1 to the ACS Act are applicable to a manager 
appointed in respect of an Institution. Schedule 1 includes provisions relating to the replacement of managers in 
certain circumstances, the vacation of the office of manager in certain circumstances and the fees and expenses 
payable to a manager. 
The ACS Act requires the Central Bank and a manager that has been appointed in respect of an Institution which 
is subject to an insolvency or resolution process to co-ordinate their activities and exchange information for the 
purposes of the insolvency or resolution process. 
Limitations on the civil liability of the Central Bank/the NTMA/any manager 
The ACS Act provides that the Central Bank, members and employees of the Central Bank, and persons acting 
under the direction of the Central Bank are not liable in any civil proceedings for any act done, or omitted to be 
done, by the person for the purposes of, or in connection with, performing or exercising any function or power 
imposed or conferred on the Central Bank by or under the ACS Act if the act was done, or was omitted, in good 
faith for the purposes of the ACS Act. 
The NTMA and any manager, the chief executive of the NTMA, officers of a manager and employees of the 
NTMA or a manager, and persons acting under the direction of the NTMA or a manager are not liable in any civil 
proceedings for any act done, or omitted to be done, by the person for the purposes of, or in connection with, 
performing or exercising any function or power imposed or conferred on the NTMA or, as applicable, the manager 
by or under the ACS Act if the act was done, or was omitted, in good faith for the purposes of the ACS Act. 
The powers of managers with respect to security trustees 
The ACS Act makes provisions for the holding by a security trustee of security (other than under the ACS Act) 
over assets comprised in the Pool which are located outside of Ireland in order to augment the security provided 
for under the ACS Act (see Insolvency of Institutions – Security interests on the Pool). A manager may under the 
ACS Act enter into arrangements with the security trustee in connection with: 
(a) 
their respective functions under the ACS Act and operations relating to Cover Assets which are also 
subject to such additional security arrangements; and 
(b) 
their respective functions under the ACS Act and the enforcement or administration of Cover Assets 
which are also subject to such additional security arrangements.

--- Page 197 ---
197 
TRANSFERS OF A BUSINESS OR ASSETS UNDER THE ACS ACT INVOLVING AN INSTITUTION 
Transfer to be effected by means of a statutory scheme 
The ACS Act contains a statutory mechanism for effecting a transfer of a business or assets from a credit institution 
which is not an Institution to a credit institution which is an Institution. The ACS Act also contains a statutory 
mechanism for effecting a transfer of a business or assets from an Institution to another credit institution (which 
may be another Institution). A transfer is effected by means of a scheme which must be approved by the 
appropriate relevant person. The ACS Act provides that the transferor credit institution and transferee credit 
institution are required to jointly submit to the relevant person (see - Approval of the Minister or the Central Bank 
required) for approval a scheme for the proposed transfer of the business or assets concerned. The scheme must 
contain such details as the relevant person may require with respect to that business or those assets and must 
specify the date or dates on which the transfer is to take place or how that date or those dates are to be ascertained. 
Transfer may be subject to conditions 
As a prerequisite to giving approval, the relevant person may impose on the parties to the proposed transfer such 
conditions relating to the scheme as that person thinks necessary for the purpose of: 
(a) 
safeguarding the interests of the parties to the transfer and of persons who have financial obligations in 
respect of the business or assets concerned; 
(b) 
ensuring an orderly transfer of that business or those assets; and 
(c) 
providing for publication of the proposed transfer. 
Transfer scheme to be approved by order 
On being satisfied that a scheme submitted to the relevant person will achieve the purpose referred to in Transfer 
may be subject to conditions above and that the conditions (if any) imposed by that person in respect of the scheme 
have been or will be complied with, the relevant person: 
(a) 
must, by order, approve a transfer of the business or assets concerned; and 
(b) 
must publish a notice giving particulars of the transfer in one or more daily newspapers circulating in 
Ireland. 
The relevant person may, by further order, vary an initial approval. If such an approval is varied, the relevant 
person must publish a notice giving particulars of the variation in one or more daily newspapers circulating in 
Ireland. 
Effect of a transfer scheme 
The ACS Act provides that a transfer of a business or assets under the ACS Act takes effect: 
(a) 
subject to any conditions imposed on the approval of the transfer; and 
(b) 
on the date or dates specified in the scheme. 
On the transfer of a business or assets under the ACS Act: 
(a) 
the transferee credit institution has the same rights (including priorities) and obligations in respect of 
that business or those assets from the date of the transfer as the transferor credit institution had 
immediately before the transfer took effect; and 
(b) 
the transferor ceases to have those rights and obligations. 
The ACS Act exempts a transfer of an asset under the ACS Act, whether specifically or as part of a transfer of a 
business, from any requirement to be registered under the Registration of Deeds Act 1707 (which has been

--- Page 198 ---
198 
repealed and replaced by the Registration of Deeds and Title Act 2006), the Bills of Sale (Ireland) Acts 1879 and 
1883, the Companies Act, the Registration of Title Act 1964, and any other Act that provides for the registration 
of assets or details of them. 
If legal proceedings are pending immediately before the time when a transfer under the ACS Act takes effect, 
those proceedings are to continue. At that time, the transferee credit institution: 
(a) 
replaces the transferor credit institution as a party to the proceedings; and 
(b) 
assumes the same rights and obligations in relation to those proceedings as the transferor credit 
institution had immediately before that time. 
Approval of the Minister or the Central Bank required 
For the purposes of the transfer mechanism under the ACS Act, the “relevant person” is the Minister, if the 
relevant credit institutions are not associated, or the Central Bank, if the relevant credit institutions are associated. 
If the approval of the Minister is required for a transfer of a business or assets under the relevant provision of the 
ACS Act (i.e. because the relevant credit institutions are not associated), the Minister is required to consult the 
Central Bank before approving the transfer. 
For the purposes of the relevant provision of the ACS Act, a transferor credit institution is “associated” with the 
transferee credit institution if: 
(a) 
either of the institutions is the beneficial owner of not less than 90 percent of the issued share capital 
of the other institution (whether directly or indirectly through any other person or persons); or 
(b) 
a body corporate (other than the transferor or transferee credit institution) is the beneficial owner of not 
less than 90 percent of the issued share capital of each of the institutions (whether directly or indirectly 
through any other person or persons). 
Transfer of AIB Bank’s Irish Residential Loan Book and Business to the Issuer 
On 13 February 2006, AIB Bank transferred to the Issuer the Irish residential loans and related security held by 
its home mortgage department and the home mortgage business related to that department of AIB Bank. The 
aggregate principal amount outstanding of and accrued but unpaid interest on, the Irish residential loans 
transferred by AIB Bank to the Issuer on 13 February 2006 was approximately €13.6 billion. The transfer was 
effected pursuant to the statutory transfer mechanism provided for in the ACS Act described above. This statutory 
mechanism involved the putting in place of a scheme in accordance with the ACS Act between AIB Bank and the 
Issuer on 8 February 2006 which permits the transfer of Irish residential loans and related security and/or Irish 
residential loan business between AIB Bank and the Issuer. Transfers under that scheme were approved by order 
of the Central Bank on 8 February 2006 as required by the ACS Act. The scheme permits further transfers from 
AIB Bank to the Issuer or from the Issuer to AIB Bank. 
On 25 February 2011, AIB Bank transferred substantially all of its mortgage intermediary originated Irish 
residential loans, related security and related business to the Issuer. The aggregate principal amount outstanding 
of, and accrued but unpaid interest on, the Irish residential loans transferred by AIB Bank to the Issuer on 25 
February 2011 was approximately €4.2 billion. The transfer was effected pursuant to the above mentioned 
statutory transfer mechanism provided for in the ACS Act. 
Case-law 
As a result of the High Court decision in AIB Mortgage Bank v Nadine Thompson [2016] IEHC 864, a concern 
was raised whether the scheme under the ACS Act between the Issuer and AIB Bank effected an equitable as 
opposed to legal transfer of a housing loan. However, in a subsequent High Court judgment on that case, AIB 
Mortgage Bank v Thompson (No.2) [2018] IEHC 306, the High Court stated the first judgment was not a precedent 
as to the legal effect of a statutory transfer made pursuant to section 58 of the ACS Act as no argument on that 
point was made to the High Court hearings for the first judgment.

--- Page 199 ---
199 
REGISTRATION OF INSTITUTIONS/REVOCATION OF REGISTRATION 
Registration of an eligible credit institution as an Institution 
A person may not purport to issue Mortgage Covered Securities in accordance with the ACS Act unless the person 
is registered as an Institution in accordance with the ACS Act. 
An eligible person may apply to the Central Bank to be registered as an Institution. A person is an eligible person 
for the purposes of the ACS Act only if it is a credit institution incorporated or formed in Ireland that holds an 
authorisation issued by the Central Bank authorising it to carry on business as a credit institution. 
A “credit institution” is defined in the ACS Act to include the holder of a banking licence under section 9 of the 
Central Bank Act 1971 (now an ECB banking authorisation). 
The ACS Act provides that the Central Bank may register an applicant as an Institution only if it is satisfied that 
the applicant: 
(a) 
is or will be able to carry out, in a proper manner, the responsibilities that an Institution is required by 
the ACS Act to carry out; and 
(b) 
complies with, or will be able to comply with, such requirements (if any) relating to an Institution as 
are prescribed by the regulations made and regulatory notices published by the Central Bank under the 
ACS Act. 
The ACS Act provides that in granting an application, the Central Bank may impose conditions on the applicant 
with respect to the orderly and proper regulation of the applicant’s business which it considers appropriate. 
The ACS Act provides for the recording of the particulars of successful applicants for registration in the Register 
of Institutions as an Institution (see further below) and the issuance of certificates of registration to registered 
Institutions. 
Registration authorises the Institution named in the certificate to carry on the business of an Institution. An 
Institution is required to comply with the conditions contained in its certificate of registration or in any document 
issued with the certificate. A registration of an Institution remains in force until it is revoked. 
The Central Bank may from time to time vary a condition of an Institution’s registration or impose on the 
Institution a new condition, but only after giving to the Institution concerned notice in writing of its intention to 
do so and after giving the Institution an opportunity to make written representations to the Central Bank in relation 
to the proposed variation or proposed new condition. 
Register of Institutions maintained by the Central Bank 
The Central Bank is required to establish and maintain the Register of Institutions. The Register of Institutions 
must contain the name and address of the principal place of business of each Institution and such other information 
as the Central Bank determines. The Issuer is registered in the Register of Institutions on the date of this Base 
Prospectus as an Institution. 
Members of the public are entitled, without charge, to inspect the Register of Institutions during the ordinary 
business hours of the Central Bank. The Central Bank must, not less frequently than once every 12 months, publish 
a list of Institutions. If regulations made by the Central Bank so require, the list must contain such other particulars 
as are prescribed by such regulations. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, no such regulations have been made 
by the Central Bank. 
Revocation of Registration 
The ACS Act provides for the revocation by the Central Bank of the registration of an Institution at the request of 
the Institution, but only if the Central Bank is of the opinion that the Institution has fully satisfied all claims and 
liabilities that are secured in respect of the Institution as provided by Part 7 of the ACS Act (see Insolvency of

--- Page 200 ---
200 
Institutions – Effect under the ACS Act of insolvency, potential insolvency or insolvency process with respect to 
an Institution). 
The Central Bank may, with the consent of the Minister, revoke the registration of an Institution in circumstances 
where the revocation is not requested by the Institution. These circumstances arise when the Central Bank is 
satisfied on reasonable grounds that: 
(a) 
the Institution has not begun to carry on any business of a designated mortgage credit institution within 
12 months after the date on which the registration was notified to the Institution; 
(b) 
the Institution has not carried on any of that business within the immediately preceding 6 months; 
(c) 
the registration was obtained by means of a false or misleading representation; 
(d) 
the Institution has contravened or is contravening, or has failed or is failing to comply, with a provision 
of the ACS Act or a regulatory notice published by the Central Bank; 
(e) 
the Institution has become subject to an insolvency process (for a description of the meaning of 
“insolvency process” for the purposes of the ACS Act, see Insolvency of Institutions – Meaning of 
`insolvent’, `potentially insolvent’ and `insolvency process’ for the purposes of the ACS Act); 
(f) 
the Institution no longer has sufficient ‘own funds’ (as referred to in CRD IV); 
(g) 
the Cover Assets comprised in a Pool maintained by the Institution do not comply with any provision 
of Part 4 of the ACS Act (for a description of the provisions of the ACS Act governing the composition 
of a Pool, see Cover Assets Pool); 
(h) 
the business of, or the corporate structure of, the Institution has been so organised to such an extent that 
the Institution can no longer be supervised to the satisfaction of the Central Bank; 
(i) 
the Institution has come under the control of any other entity that is not supervised by the Central Bank 
to such an extent that the Institution can no longer be supervised to the satisfaction of the Central Bank; 
(j) 
since the Institution was registered as a designated mortgage credit institution, the circumstances under 
which the registration was given have changed to the extent that an application for registration would 
be refused had it been made in the changed circumstances; or 
(k) 
the Institution, or any of its officers, is convicted on indictment of: 
(i) 
an offence under the ACS Act or under any other enactment prescribed by regulations made 
by the Central Bank for the purpose of section 19 of the ACS Act (as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, no such regulations have been made by the Central Bank); or 
(ii) 
an offence involving fraud, dishonesty or breach of trust. 
In the case of an Institution whose registration has been revoked under the ACS Act, but which is not a company 
or building society, or, being a company or building society, is not being wound up, the Institution is required to 
continue to carry out the financial obligations of the Institution that are secured under Part 7 of the ACS Act (see 
Insolvency of Institutions – Effect under the ACS Act of insolvency, potential insolvency or insolvency process 
with respect to an Institution below) until all those obligations have been fully discharged to the satisfaction of 
the Central Bank. In relation to such an Institution which is being wound up and the position of the liquidator 
under the ACS Act, see Position of a Liquidator below. 
Direction of the Central Bank requiring an Institution to suspend its business 
The ACS Act provides that if the Central Bank reasonably believes that there may be grounds for revoking the 
registration of an Institution under the ACS Act, it may, subject to Part 7 of the ACS Act (see Insolvency of 
Institutions – Effect under the ACS Act of insolvency, potential insolvency or insolvency process with respect to

--- Page 201 ---
201 
an Institution), give to the Institution a direction in writing prohibiting it from engaging in the following specified 
activities except with the permission of the Central Bank: 
(a) 
dealing with the Institution’s assets generally or dealing with any specified class of assets or any 
specified asset; 
(b) 
engaging in transactions generally or engaging in any specified class of transactions or any specified 
transaction; or 
(c) 
making payments generally or making any specified class of payments or any specified payment. 
If such a direction is in effect: 
(a) 
winding up or bankruptcy proceedings may be initiated in respect of the Institution concerned; 
(b) 
a receiver over the assets of that Institution may be appointed; and 
(c) 
the assets of that Institution may be attached, sequestered or otherwise distributed, 
only if the prior approval of the High Court has been obtained. 
The ACS Act also confers on the Central Bank a power in certain circumstances to give an Institution, whose 
registration has been revoked and which is not a company or a building society, or, being a company or a building 
society, is not being wound up, a direction to a similar effect as one described above. 
A direction given by the Central Bank under the ACS Act must include a statement of the Central Bank’s reason 
for giving the direction and its duration (not exceeding six months). The Central Bank may by notice in writing 
to the relevant Institution amend or revoke a direction and extend the duration of a direction by a further period 
not exceeding six months. 
Position of a liquidator 
In the case of an Institution whose registration is revoked under the ACS Act and that (being a company or a 
building society) is being wound up, the ACS Act provides that, except as otherwise provided by the ACS Act, 
the liquidator of the Institution has a duty to ensure that the Institution performs the obligations of an Institution 
under the ACS Act. The Central Bank may, by notice in writing given to the liquidator, substitute the liquidator’s 
obligations referred to above with other obligations referred to above of a similar nature as specified in that notice.

--- Page 202 ---
202 
TAXATION 
General 
The following summary of the anticipated tax treatment in Ireland in relation to the payments on the Securities is 
based on Irish taxation law and the practices of the Revenue Commissioners in force at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, each of which is subject to change, possibly with retrospective effect. It does not constitute tax or 
legal advice and it does not purport to be, and is not, a complete description of all of the tax considerations that 
may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, buy, hold, sell, redeem or dispose of the Securities. The summary 
relates only to the position of persons who are the absolute beneficial owners of the Securities and the interest 
payable on them and who are not associated with the Issuer (otherwise than by virtue of holding such Securities) 
(in this Taxation section referred to as “Security Holders”). Particular rules not discussed below may apply to 
certain classes of taxpayers holding Securities, such as dealers in securities, investment funds etc. Prospective 
investors should consult their own professional advisers on the implications of subscribing for, buying, holding, 
selling, redeeming or disposing of Securities and the receipt of interest or discount on the Securities under the 
laws of the jurisdictions in which they may be liable to taxation. 
Withholding tax on Interest 
In general, withholding tax at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 percent) must be deducted from Irish 
source yearly interest payments made by an Irish company. However, no withholding for or on account of Irish 
income tax is required to be made from such interest in certain circumstances, including those set out below. 
This withholding tax does not apply to interest payments made by a company in the ordinary course of an Irish 
banking business. The Revenue Commissioners have previously confirmed that interest payments made by an 
Institution on Mortgage Covered Securities issued by that Institution will be regarded as interest paid by such 
Institution in the ordinary course of its banking business in Ireland. In the case of the Issuer and the Securities, 
this exemption would cease to apply if the Issuer at any time ceased to be the holder of an ECB banking 
authorisation to be a DCI under the ACS Act, or to carry on banking business in Ireland. 
Separately, section 64 of the Taxes Act provides for the payment of interest on a quoted Eurobond (as defined by 
that section) without the deduction of tax in certain circumstances.  
Also, any requirement to operate Irish withholding tax on interest may be obviated or reduced pursuant to the 
terms of an applicable double taxation agreement. 
Withholding tax on Discount 
Discounts arising on the Securities will not be subject to the withholding tax on interest mentioned above. 
Deposit Interest Retention Tax  
A relevant deposit taker (as defined by section 256 of the Taxes Act) such as the Issuer is obliged to withhold tax 
currently at a rate of 33 percent from certain interest payments or other returns on a relevant deposit. The term 
‘deposit’ is widely defined and would include a Security. There are a number of exceptions to the requirement to 
withhold this tax, of which the most relevant to the Securities are set out below: 
(a) 
The interest or discount is paid on a debt on a security issued by a relevant deposit taker within the 
meaning of section 256 of the Taxes Act (which would include a Security) which is listed on a stock 
exchange (which includes Euronext Dublin). 
(b) 
The interest or discount is paid on a Wholesale Debt Instrument (as defined in section 246A of the Taxes 
Act) and either: 
(i) 
the Wholesale Debt Instrument has a minimum denomination of €500,000, or US$500,000 or 
if denominated in a currency other than euro or US dollars, the equivalent of €500,000 at the 
date that programme was first publicised, and is held in Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or any other clearing system recognised from time to time by the Revenue Commissioners; or 
(ii) 
(A) 
the person by whom the payment is made; or

--- Page 203 ---
203 
(B) 
the person through whom the payment is made,  
is Irish tax resident or the payment is made either by or through, a branch or agency in Ireland 
of a company that is not Irish tax resident;  
and 
(I) 
the person who is beneficially entitled to the interest is Irish tax resident and has 
provided their Irish tax reference number to the payer; or 
(II) 
the person who is the beneficial owner of the Security and who is beneficially entitled 
to the interest thereon is not Irish tax resident and has made a declaration to that effect 
in the prescribed form. 
(c) 
The person beneficially entitled to interest or discount on the Securities is not Irish tax resident and a 
declaration to that effect has been made to the Issuer by the payee of interest or discount in the form 
prescribed by the Revenue Commissioners for this purpose.  
(d) 
The person beneficially entitled to interest or discount on the Securities is a company within the charge 
to corporation tax on such interest or a pension scheme and has in each case provided an Irish tax 
reference number to the Issuer. 
Reporting Requirements 
The Issuer, in respect of interest payments made by it to a person who is Irish tax resident, is required by the 
Revenue Commissioners, to provide the names, addresses and tax reference numbers of the persons to whom 
interest was paid or credited and the amount of interest paid or credited. 
Encashment Tax 
A paying agent outside Ireland is not obliged to deduct Irish encashment tax from interest on the Securities. A 
collecting agent in Ireland acting on behalf of the holder of the Securities that obtains payment of interest in 
respect of a Security that is quoted on a recognised stock exchange (Euronext Dublin is recognised for this 
purpose) may be required to withhold tax from that payment (“Encashment Tax”) at a prescribed rate of 25 
percent. This is unless it is proved, on a claim made in the required manner to the Revenue Commissioners, that 
the person owning the Securities and beneficially entitled to such interest is not Irish tax resident (for this purpose, 
it is necessary that such interest is not deemed under the provisions of Irish tax legislation to be income of another 
person that is Irish tax resident). In addition, an exemption will apply where the payment is made to a company 
where that company is beneficially entitled to that income and is or will be within the charge to corporation tax 
in respect of that income. No encashment tax will apply where a bank’s only role is the clearing of a cheque, or 
the arranging for the clearing of a cheque, by the bank. 
Liability of Security Holders to Irish Income Tax 
In general, persons who are tax resident and domiciled in Ireland are liable to Irish taxation on their world-wide 
income whereas persons who are not resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland for tax purposes are only liable to 
Irish taxation on their Irish source income. All persons are under a statutory obligation to account for Irish tax on 
a self-assessment basis and there is no requirement for the Revenue Commissioners to issue or raise an assessment. 
Where a Security Holder is a company that is not Irish tax resident and the interest or discount, as the case may 
be, is not attributable to a branch or agency or other permanent establishment of that company in Ireland (in each 
case whereby Irish corporation tax would apply), then unless an exemption applies, Irish income tax applies to 
the interest or discount, as the case may be, at the standard rate of Irish income tax (currently 20 percent). 
Where a Security Holder is a natural person, unless an exemption applies, Irish income tax applies to the interest 
or discount, as the case may be, at the person’s marginal rate of Irish income tax (currently up to 40 percent) and 
PRSI and the universal social charge, if applicable.

--- Page 204 ---
204 
Credit is available for any Irish tax withheld from income on account of the related income tax liability. 
Notwithstanding that a Security Holder may receive interest payments or discount, as the case may be, on the 
Securities free of withholding tax, the Security Holder will technically be liable for Irish tax (and, if applicable, 
PRSI and universal social charge if an individual recipient) in respect of such interest payments or discount, as 
the case may be, unless an exemption applies. There is an exemption from Irish income tax on interest or discount, 
as the case may be, under section 198 of the Taxes Act that applies in certain circumstances. 
These circumstances include: 
(a) 
where the interest is paid on an asset covered security within the meaning of section 3 of the ACS Act 
(which includes the Securities) and the recipient is either: 
(i) 
a person who is regarded as being resident in an EU Member State (other than Ireland) under 
the law of that EU Member State, or is a resident of a territory with which Ireland has signed a 
double taxation agreement under the terms of that agreement; or 
(ii) 
a company which is not resident in Ireland and which is controlled, either directly or indirectly, 
by persons resident in an EU Member State (other than Ireland) under the law of that EU 
Member State, or resident in a territory with which Ireland has signed a double taxation 
agreement under the law of that territory, and who are not under the control, whether directly 
or indirectly, of a person who is, or persons who are not so resident; or 
(iii) 
a company the principal class of shares of which is substantially and regularly traded on a stock 
exchange in Ireland, on a recognised stock exchange in an EU Member State or in a territory 
with which Ireland has signed a double taxation agreement or on such other stock exchange as 
is approved by the Minister; or 
(b) 
where discount arises on Securities to a person that is not Irish tax resident and is regarded as being 
resident in an EU Member State (other than Ireland) under the law of that EU Member State, or is a 
resident of a territory with which Ireland has signed a double taxation agreement under the terms of 
that agreement.  
Security Holders receiving interest on the Securities that does not fall within the above exemptions may be liable 
to Irish income tax and, where applicable, PRSI and universal social charge on such interest.  
Capital Gains Tax 
Where the Securities are listed on a stock exchange (which would include Euronext Dublin) or do not derive the 
greater part of their value directly or indirectly from Irish land or certain Irish mineral rights or exploration rights, 
a Security Holder will not be subject to Irish tax on capital gains in respect of the Securities unless that Security 
Holder is either resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland for tax purposes or that Security Holder has an enterprise, 
or an interest in an enterprise, which carries on a trade in Ireland through a branch or agency, to which or to whom 
the Securities are or were attributable. 
The rate of capital gains tax is currently 33 percent. 
Capital Acquisitions Tax 
If the Securities are comprised in a gift or inheritance taken from a disponer that is resident or ordinarily resident 
in Ireland for tax purposes or, in the case of certain settlements, an Irish domiciled disponer, or if the recipient is 
resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland for tax purposes, or the Securities are regarded as property situate in 
Ireland, the recipient (or, in certain cases, the disponer) may be liable for Irish capital acquisitions tax. 
Bearer Securities would be regarded as property situate in Ireland if the Securities are physically kept or located 
in Ireland with a depository or otherwise at the relevant time. Accordingly, if Bearer Securities are comprised in 
a gift or inheritance, the recipient and the disponer may be liable to Irish capital acquisitions tax, even though the 
disponer may not be domiciled in Ireland, resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland for tax purposes, if the Bearer 
Securities are physically located in Ireland at the date of the gift or inheritance.

--- Page 205 ---
205 
Registered Securities would be regarded as property situate in Ireland if the register of the Securities is maintained 
in Ireland. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the register of Registered Securities is maintained outside of Ireland. 
It is possible that the location of the register of Securities may change. 
The rate of capital acquisitions tax is currently 33 percent. 
Stamp Duty 
No Irish stamp duty is payable on the issue or transfer of the Securities. 
Automatic Exchange of Information for Tax Purposes 
DAC2 provides for the implementation among Member States (and certain third countries that have entered into 
information exchange agreements with the relevant EU member state or the EC) of the automatic exchange of 
information in respect of various categories of income and capital and broadly encompasses the CRS regime 
proposed by the OECD as a new global standard for the automatic exchange of information between tax authorities 
in participating jurisdictions.  
Under the CRS, governments of participating jurisdictions are required to collect detailed information to be shared 
with other jurisdictions annually.  
The CRS is implemented in Ireland by the Returns of Certain Information by Reporting Financial Institutions 
Regulations 2015 of Ireland (S.I. 583 of 2015) made under section 891F of the Taxes Act.  
DAC2 was transposed into Irish law under the Mandatory Automatic Exchange of Information in the Field of 
Taxation Regulations 2015 (S.I. No. 609 of 2015) made under section 891G of the Taxes Act.  
Pursuant to the above referenced regulations, the Issuer will be required to obtain and report to the Revenue 
Commissioners of Ireland annually certain financial account and other information for all Security holders (other 
than Irish and US Security holders) in respect of their Securities. The returns must be submitted by 30 June 
annually with respect to the previous calendar year. The information must include amongst other things, details 
of the name, address, Tax Identification Number, place of residence and, in the case of Security holders who are 
individuals, the date and place of birth, together with details relating to payments made to Security holders and 
their holdings. This information may be shared with tax authorities in other Member States and jurisdictions which 
implement the CRS. 
FATCA 
Pursuant to FATCA, non-US financial institutions that become subject to provisions of local law intended to 
implement IGA legislation entered into pursuant to FATCA may be required to identify “financial accounts” 
held by US persons or entities with substantial US ownership, as well as accounts of other financial institutions 
that are not themselves participating in (or otherwise exempt from) the FATCA reporting regime. IGA legislation 
has been entered into between the US and Ireland and Irish domestic legislation, the Financial Accounts Reporting 
(United States of America) Regulations 2014, has been implemented to give effect to the Ireland-US IGA 
legislation. Failure by the Issuer to report certain information on its US account holders to the Revenue 
Commissioners could result in the Issuer becoming subject to FATCA withholdings on payments it receives. In 
certain limited circumstances, the Issuer could also be required to withhold 30 percent from all, or a portion, of 
certain payments.  
The Securities are expected to be held in bearer or registered global form and held within the Clearing Systems. 
It is generally expected by market participants that FATCA should not affect the amount of any payments made 
under, or in respect of, debt securities issued by regulated banks (such as the Securities) by the Issuer, any Paying 
Agent and the Common Depositary/Common Safekeeper, given that each of the entities in the payment chain 
beginning with the Issuer and ending with the Clearing Systems will generally be a major financial institution 
whose business is dependent on compliance with FATCA and that any alternative approach introduced under an 
intergovernmental agreement should be unlikely to negatively affect the FATCA treatment of such debt securities. 
However, the Conditions expressly contemplate the possibility that the Securities may go into definitive form and 
therefore that they may be taken out of the Clearing Systems. If this were to happen, then a non-FATCA compliant 
holder could be subject to withholding in limited circumstances. However, definitive Securities will only be issued 
in exchange for Securities held in global form in the event of an Exchange Event.

--- Page 206 ---
206 
FATCA may also affect payments made to custodians or intermediaries in the subsequent payment chain leading 
to the ultimate investor if any such custodian or intermediary generally is unable to receive payments free of 
FATCA withholding. It also may affect payment to any ultimate investor that is a financial institution that is not 
entitled to receive payments free of withholding under FATCA, or an ultimate investor that fails to provide its 
broker (or other custodian or intermediary from which it receives payment) with any information, forms, other 
documentation or consents that may be necessary for the payments to be made free of FATCA withholding. 
Investors should choose the custodians or intermediaries with care (to ensure each is compliant with FATCA or 
other laws or agreements related to FATCA), provide each custodian or intermediary with any information, forms, 
other documentation or consents that may be necessary for such custodian or intermediary to make a payment free 
of FATCA withholding. Investors should consult their own tax adviser to obtain a more detailed explanation of 
FATCA and how FATCA may affect them. The Issuer’s obligations under the Securities are discharged once it 
has paid the Common Depositary or Common Safekeeper for the Clearing Systems (as registered holder or, as 
applicable, bearer of the Securities) and the Issuer has therefore no responsibility for any amount thereafter 
transmitted through hands of the Clearing Systems and custodians or intermediaries.  
If an amount were to be deducted or withheld from interest, principal or other payments on the Securities as a 
result of FATCA, none of the Issuer, any Paying Agent or any other person would, pursuant to the Conditions of 
the Securities be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the deduction or withholding of such tax. As a 
result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected.

--- Page 207 ---
207 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE, TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS AND SECONDARY 
MARKET ARRANGEMENTS 
Subscription and Sale: Programme Agreement 
The Dealers have, in a programme agreement (as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, 
the “Programme Agreement”) dated 27 September 2024 agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any 
of them may from time to time agree to purchase Securities. Any such agreement will extend to those matters 
stated under Form of the Securities, Issue Procedures and Clearing Systems and Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities. In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their 
expenses in connection with the establishment of the Programme and the issue of Securities under the Programme 
and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. The Issuer may 
pay the Dealers commission from time to time in connection with the sale of Securities. The Issuer has also agreed 
to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with any future update of the Programme. The 
Dealers are entitled to be released and discharged from their obligations in relation to any agreement to issue and 
purchase Securities under the Programme Agreement in certain circumstances prior to payment to the Issuer. 
The names and addresses of the initial Dealers are set out at the end of this Base Prospectus. The name and address 
of any additional Dealer appointed after the date of this Base Prospectus will be disclosed in the applicable Final 
Terms and notified to Euronext Dublin/Central Bank. 
Transfer Restrictions 
Each purchaser of Registered Securities (other than a person purchasing an interest in a Registered Global Security 
with a view to holding it in the form of an interest in the same Global Security) or person wishing to transfer an 
interest from one Registered Global Security to another or from global to definitive form or vice versa, will be 
required to acknowledge, represent and agree as follows (terms used in this paragraph that are defined in 
Regulation S are used herein as defined therein): 
(i) 
that it is outside the US and is not a US person; 
(ii) 
that the Securities are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a public offering in the US 
within the meaning of the Securities Act, and that the Securities have not been and will not be registered 
under the Securities Act or any other applicable US State securities law and may not be offered or sold 
within the US or to, or for the account or benefit of, US persons except as set forth below; 
(iii) 
that, unless it holds an interest in a Registered Global Security and either is a person located outside the 
US or is not a US person, if in future it decides to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Securities or 
any beneficial interests in the Securities, it will do so, prior to the date which is two years after the later 
of the last issue date for the Series and the last date on which the Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer was 
the owner of such Securities, only (a) to the Issuer or any affiliate thereof; (b) outside the United States 
in compliance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 under the Securities Act, in each case in accordance with all 
applicable US State securities laws; 
(iv) 
it will, and will require each subsequent holder to, notify any purchaser of the Securities from it of the 
resale restriction referred to in paragraph (iii) above, as applicable; 
(v) 
if it is outside the US and is not a US person, that if it should resell or otherwise transfer the Securities 
prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period (defined as 40 days after the completion of 
the distribution of the Securities following the original issuance of the Securities, as certified by the 
Dealers in accordance with the Agency Agreement), it will do so only (a) outside the US in compliance 
with Rule 903 or 904 under the Securities Act or (b) in accordance with all applicable US States securities 
laws; and it acknowledges that the Registered Global Securities will bear a legend to the following effect 
unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer. 
“THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, 
AS AMENDED (the “SECURITIES ACT”) AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN 
THE UNITED STATES OR TO U.S. PERSONS (AS THOSE TERMS ARE DEFINED IN 
REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) UNLESS AN EXEMPTION FROM THE 
REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT IS AVAILABLE.”; and

--- Page 208 ---
208 
(vi) 
that the Issuer and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, 
representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such acknowledgements, representation or 
agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the Issuer; and if it is acquiring 
any Securities as a fiduciary or agent for one or more accounts it represents that it has sole investment 
discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full power to make the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such account. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, and may not be offered, sold or 
delivered, directly or indirectly, within the US or to, or for the account or benefit of, US persons except pursuant 
to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Securities are initially being offered 
and sold only outside the US in reliance on Regulation S. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.  
In addition, the Securities in bearer form are subject to US tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the US or its possessions or to a US person, except in certain transactions permitted by US 
Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the US Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 and regulations thereunder.  
Each Dealer has agreed (and each further Dealer named in a Final Terms will be required to agree) that it will not 
offer, sell or deliver Securities (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the 
completion of the distribution of the Tranche of which such Securities are part, as determined and certified to the 
Agent by such Dealer (in the case of a non-syndicated issue) or the relevant Lead Dealer (in the case of a 
syndicated issue) (the “Distribution Compliance Period”) within the US or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
US persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Securities during the Distribution Compliance 
Period a confirmation or other notice setting out the restrictions on offers and sales of the Securities within the 
US or to, or for the account or benefit of, US persons. Terms used in this paragraph have meanings given to them 
by Regulation S.  
In addition, until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Securities of the Tranche of which such 
Securities are a part, an offer or sale of the Securities within the US by any dealer whether or not participating in 
the offering of such Tranche may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale 
is made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Securities specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated 
by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision:  
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or  
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and  
(b)  
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Securities.

--- Page 209 ---
209 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Securities specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a “Relevant State”), each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Securities which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public 
in that Relevant State except that it may make an offer of such Securities to the public in that Relevant State:  
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;  
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or  
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Securities referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision:  
• 
the expression “an offer of Securities to the public” in relation to any Securities in any Relevant State 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Securities; and  
• 
the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision:  
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
the UK MiFIR or  
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Securities. 
UK 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that: 
(1) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of

--- Page 210 ---
210 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Securities in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA would not, if the Issuer was not an authorised person, 
apply to the Issuer; and 
(2) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Securities in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Japan 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law and, 
accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Securities in Japan or to, 
or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange 
and Foreign Trade Control Act (Law No. 228 of 1949), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, 
in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law and all other 
applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. As used in the paragraph, “resident of Japan” 
means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or entity organised under the laws of Japan.  
Republic of Italy 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that the offering of the Securities has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities 
legislation and, accordingly, the Securities may not be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Base 
Prospectus or any other document relating to the Securities be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except:  
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation and 
any applicable provision of the Financial Services Act and the relevant implementing regulations of the 
CONSOB; or 
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on solicitation of investments pursuant to 
Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 34, first paragraph, of Regulation No. 11991 and 
applicable Italian laws, each as amended from time to time. 
Furthermore, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that any offer, sale or delivery of the Securities or distribution of copies 
of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the Securities in the Republic of Italy under (a) or (b) 
above must be: 
(i) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities 
in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation 
No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the 
“Italian Banking Act”); 
 (ii) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Italian Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of 
the Bank of Italy from time to time, pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information 
on the issue or the offer of securities in the Republic of Italy; and  
(iii) 
in accordance with any other applicable laws and regulations including those imposed by 
CONSOB or other Italian authority. 
Ireland 
(1) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold, underwritten or placed and will not 
offer, sell, underwrite or place any Securities or do anything in Ireland otherwise than in conformity with 
the provisions of: 
(a) 
the Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 and any codes of conduct rules made under Section 117(1) 
of the Central Bank Act 1989 (as amended);

--- Page 211 ---
211 
(b) 
the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as amended) and any 
codes or rules of conduct applicable thereunder, Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 and any 
delegated or implementing acts adopted thereunder and the provisions of the Investor 
Compensation Act 1998 (as amended); 
(c) 
the Companies Act (as amended);  
(d) 
the Prospectus Regulation, the Irish Prospectus Regulations and any rules and guidance issued 
by the Central Bank under section 1363 of the Companies Act (as amended);  
(e) 
the Market Abuse Regulation (EU596/2014) (as amended), the European Union (Market Abuse) 
Regulations 2016 (as amended) and any rules and guidance issued under section 1370 of the 
Companies Act (as amended) by the Central Bank.  
(2) 
in respect of any Securities that are not listed on any recognised stock exchange and that do not mature 
within two years: 
(a) 
its action in any jurisdiction will comply with the then applicable laws and regulations of that 
jurisdiction; 
(b) 
it will not knowingly offer to sell such Securities to an Irish resident, or to persons whose usual 
place of abode is Ireland, and it will not knowingly distribute or cause to be distributed in Ireland 
any offering material in connection with such Securities; 
(c) 
it will not offer, sell or deliver any such Securities to any person in a denomination of less than 
€500,000 or its equivalent; and 
(d) 
such Securities will be held in a recognised clearing system; and 
(3) 
in respect of any Securities that are not listed on any recognised stock exchange and that mature within 
two years, it will not offer, sell or deliver any such Securities in Ireland or elsewhere to any person in a 
denomination of less than €500,000 if the relevant Securities are denominated in euro, US$500,000 if 
the relevant Securities are denominated in US dollars, or if the relevant Securities are denominated in a 
currency other than euro or US dollars, the equivalent of €500,000 at the date the Programme is first 
publicised and that such Securities will be held in a recognised clearing system. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been, and will not be, registered as a prospectus in Singapore with 
the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any 
Securities or caused the Securities to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will 
not offer or sell any Securities or cause the Securities to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other 
document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the 
Securities, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as 
defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended from 
time to time (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 
275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, 
and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in 
accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Securities are subscribed or purchased under section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or

--- Page 212 ---
212 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Securities pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-Based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise specified before an offer of 
Securities, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of 
the SFA), that the Securities are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) 
and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Switzerland  
 
No Securities may be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss 
Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) and no application has or will be made to admit any Securities to trading on 
any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
other offering or marketing material relating to any Securities constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to any Securities may be publicly 
distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it 
will comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, 
offers, sells or delivers Securities or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, 
approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Securities under the laws 
and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales 
or deliveries and none of the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor.  
None of the Issuer nor any of the Dealers has represented that Securities may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating any such sale.  
None of the Dealers will be liable to the Issuer or any other parties as a result of any breach by any other Dealer 
of the restrictions set out in the Programme Agreement. 
With regard to each Tranche, the Relevant Dealer(s) will be required to comply with such other restrictions as the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) shall agree as a term of the issue and purchase of the Securities as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Secondary Market Arrangements 
The Issuer may enter agreements with Dealers or other persons in relation to a Tranche or Series of Securities 
whereby such Dealers may agree to provide liquidity in those Securities through bid and offer rate arrangements.

--- Page 213 ---
213 
The relevant Dealers or relevant persons in such agreements may agree to quote bid and offer prices for the 
relevant Securities at such rates and in such sizes as are specified in the relevant agreement and the provision of 
such quotes may be subject to other conditions as set out in the relevant agreement. Not all issues of Securities 
under the Programme will necessarily benefit from such agreements. A description of the main terms of any such 
agreements and the names and addresses of the relevant Dealers or other persons who are party to such will be 
disclosed in the applicable Final Terms for the relevant Securities.

--- Page 214 ---
214 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
The board of directors of the Issuer authorised the establishment of the Programme and the creation and 
issue of Securities on 28 February 2006. The update of the Programme and the issue of Securities within 
a period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus have been duly authorised by resolutions of 
the board of directors of the Issuer on 18 September 2024. 
2. 
For so long as Securities are capable of being issued under the Programme, copies of the following 
documents may be inspected physically at the registered office of the Issuer during business hours: 
(a) 
the Constitution (Memorandum and Articles of Association) of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 
and the auditor’s report dated 5 March 2024 by PricewaterhouseCoopers thereon;  
(c) 
the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 
and the auditor’s report dated 6 March 2023 by Deloitte Ireland LLP thereon; and 
(d) 
terms and conditions of the Securities as contained in the base prospectuses dated 14 September 
2009, 20 December 2013, 18 December 2014, 17 July 2015, 8 July 2016, 6 July 2017, 25 
October 2018, 19 December 2019, 16 December 2020, 10 December 2021 and 19 May 2023 as 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus in respect of the Programme.  
Copies of those documents including any final terms issued in connection with this Base Prospectus will 
also be available on the website of the Issuer at https://aib.ie/investorrelations/debt-investor/mortgage-
bank. 
3. 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings which may have or have had a significant 
effect on the Issuer’s financial position or profitability have been held against the Issuer in the 12 months 
preceding the date of this Base Prospectus and the Issuer is not aware of any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened.  
4. 
Agency Agreement/Deed of Covenant 
The following provides a brief description of the contents of each of the Agency Agreement and the Deed 
of Covenant. A description of the contents of the Programme Agreement is set out in the first paragraph 
under Subscription and Sale, Transfer and Selling Restrictions and Secondary Market Arrangements 
above. A description of the hedging contractual arrangements entered into by the Issuer are set out at 
Cover Assets Pool – Cover assets hedge contracts above. 
(a) 
Agency Agreement 
In the Agency Agreement the Issuer has agreed the terms of the appointment of the principal 
paying agent, registrar and the other agents specified therein. In particular, the Agency 
Agreement sets out terms governing the issue of Securities, the duties of the agents, provisions 
relating to the payment of the agents’ commissions and expenses, an indemnity from the Issuer 
in favour of the agents and provisions governing changes to the identity of the agents. The 
Agency Agreement also contains in a number of schedules, the forms of the Securities and the 
form of the Deed of Covenant. 
(b) 
Deed of Covenant 
Under the Deed of Covenant the Issuer has agreed, subject to the terms thereof, to grant certain 
direct contractual rights to Relevant Account Holders (as defined in the Deed of Covenant) in 
respect of Securities that are issued initially in global form and where a Global Security becomes 
void in accordance with its terms provides for such contractual rights to arise. 
5. 
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position and no material adverse change 
in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2023, the date of the Issuer’s last published audited 
financial statements.

--- Page 215 ---
215 
6. 
The Bearer Securities have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. The appropriate common code and ISIN for each Tranche of Bearer Securities allocated 
by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the 
Securities are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
7. 
No website referred to in this Base Prospectus forms part of this Base Prospectus, other than those 
website links at which the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are stated to be 
available. 
8. 
Deloitte Ireland LLP were appointed as auditors of the Issuer on 20 June 2013 and ceased to be auditors 
in May 2023. PricewaterhouseCoopers were appointed in May 2023 as auditors of the Issuer. Both 
Deloitte Ireland LLP and PricewaterhouseCoopers are members of the Institute of Chartered Accountants 
in Ireland. 
9. 
Where information in this Base Prospectus is identified as having been sourced by the Issuer from a third 
party or otherwise attributed to a third party such information has been accurately reproduced and as far 
as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts 
have been omitted which would render the information reproduced in this Base Prospectus inaccurate or 
misleading. 
10. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
11. 
Credit ratings included or referred to in this Base Prospectus have been or, as applicable, may be, issued 
by Moody’s and/or S&P. S&P is established in the EU, registered under the EU CRA Regulation and 
appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies on the European Securities and 
Markets Authority website. Moody's is established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation. Moody's is not established in the EU and has not applied for registration under the EU CRA 
Regulation. The ratings issued by Moody's have been endorsed by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. Moody’s Deutschland GmbH is established in the EU and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation. As such, Moody’s Deutschland GmbH is included in the list 
of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority. Securities issued 
under the Programme may be rated by Moody’s, S&P and/or such other rating agency or agencies as 
may be appointed by the Issuer to rate the Securities, such ratings together with the relevant status of the 
relevant rating agency/agencies as may be appointed by the Issuer to rate the Securities, such rating(s) 
together with the relevant status of the relevant rating agency/agencies under the EU CRA Regulation or 
the UK CRA Regulation, as applicable, to be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms for the relevant 
Securities.  
12. 
The Issuer LEI is 549300CGO72ED3XVUZ04.

--- Page 216 ---
216 
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the context otherwise requires: 
a reference to (i) any enactment, statute, act, statutory instrument, regulation, order, decree, regulatory notice, 
code of conduct, directions or other legislative measure under the laws of Ireland or the laws of any other 
jurisdiction, (ii) an EU directive, EU regulation or any other legislative measure made under EU law or applying 
in respect of the EEA, (iii) any treaty, international agreement or other international legal act whether between 
Member States of the EU; the EEA or otherwise, or (iv) a provision of any of the foregoing measures referred to 
at or contemplated by (i) to (iii) above (in this paragraph, a (‘‘Legal Measure’’) is to that Legal Measure as 
extended, amended or replaced as of the date of this Base Prospectus or to any other date indicated and includes 
any other Legal Measure that is to be read as one therewith; 
references to “€” or “euro” are to the common currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, to “£” or “GBP” or 
“Sterling” are to pounds sterling, the lawful currency of the UK, to “$”, or “US dollars” are to United States 
dollars, the lawful currency of the United States of America;  
 “€STR” means the euro short- term rate published by the ECB; 
“2004 Regulations” means the European Communities (Reorganisation and Winding-up of Credit Institutions) 
Regulations 2004; 
“2007 Irish Residential Loan/Property Valuation Notice” means the Asset Covered Securities Act 2001 
Regulatory Notice ((Sections 41(1) and Section 41A (7)) 2007; 
“Error! Reference source not found.” means non-cumulative redeemable preference shares that AIB Bank 
issued to the State in 2009; 
 
“2011 Regulations” means the European Communities (Reorganisation and Winding-Up of Credit Institutions) 
Regulations 2011; 
“30/360” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the Securities of this Base 
Prospectus; 
“30E/360” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the Securities of this 
Base Prospectus; 
“30E/360 (ISDA)” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
of this Base Prospectus; 
“360/360” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the Securities of this 
Base Prospectus; 
“Accrual Period” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
of this Base Prospectus; 
“ACS” means the asset covered securities; 
“ACS Act” means the Asset Covered Securities Act 2001 (as amended);  
“Actual/360” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the Securities of this 
Base Prospectus; 
“Actual/365 (Fixed)” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
of this Base Prospectus; 
“Actual/Actual” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the Securities of 
this Base Prospectus;

--- Page 217 ---
217 
“Actual/Actual (ICMA)” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities of this Base Prospectus; 
“Additional Financial Centre” means the city or cities specified as such in the applicable Final Terms for a 
particular Tranche of Securities; 
“Adjustment Spread” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities of this Base Prospectus;  
 
“Agency Agreement” means the amended and restated agency agreement (such agency agreement as amended 
and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time) dated 19 May 2023 and made between the Issuer and the 
Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch as Principal Paying Agent and Transfer Agent and the Bank of New 
York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch as Registrar;  
“Agents” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the Securities of this 
Base Prospectus; 
“AIB Bank” means Allied Irish Banks, p.l.c.; 
“Error! Reference source not found.” means the offer and sale of 678,595,310 AIB Bank shares by the Minister 
to institutional and retail investors at the price at which AIB Bank shares were offered and sold under the AIB 
initial public offering, being €4.40) (which offer and sale increased to 780,384,606 AIB Bank shares on exercise 
of an over-allotment option), together with the AIB Bank admission to the Official Lists and to trading on the 
main markets for listed securities of Euronext Dublin and the London Stock Exchange; 
“AIB Board” means the board of directors of AIB Bank and/or AIB Group plc, as the context so requires; 
 “AIB Group ALCo” means the AIB Group asset and liability committee; 
“AIB (NI)” means AIB Northern Ireland; 
“AIB Group plc” or “AIB” means a company incorporated and registered in Ireland with registered number 
594283, whose registered office is at 10 Molesworth Street, Dublin 2, Ireland;  
 “AIB Relationship Framework” means the relationship framework specified by the Minister on 11 December 
2017 in relation to AIB Group plc, AIB Bank and the Group, amending and restating the relationship framework 
specified by the Minister in relation to the AIB Bank and the Group on 12 June 2017 with effect from a scheme 
of arrangement in relation to AIB Group plc and AIB Bank taking effect;  
“AIB UK” means AIB Group (UK) p.l.c.; 
“Alternative Rate” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
of this Base Prospectus; 
“American Depositary Shares” means equity shares of a non-US company that are held by a US depositary bank 
and are available for purchase by US investors; 
“AML” means anti-money laundering; 
“AML Acts” means the Criminal Justice (Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing) Acts 2010 to 2021; 
“AML/CFT” means anti-money laundering/counter-terrorist financing;  
“AMLD4” means Directive 2015/849 on the prevention of the use of the financial system for the purposes of 
money laundering or terrorist financing; 
“AMLD5” means the proposed Directive 2018/843 to amend AMLD4, commonly referred to as the Fifth EU 
AML Directive;

--- Page 218 ---
218 
“AMLD6” means Directive (EU) 2018/1673 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 23 October 2018 
on combating money laundering by criminal law; 
“an offer of Securities to the public” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Subscription and 
Sale, Transfer and Selling Restrictions and Secondary Market Arrangements – Selling Restrictions of this Base 
Prospectus; 
“applicable Final Terms” means the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on 
a Security; 
“asset covered securities business activities” in relation to the ACS Act has the meaning given to it under the 
section entitled Supervision and Regulation of Institutions/Managers - Power of the Central Bank to appoint the 
NTMA or a recommended person as manager of an Institution of this Base Prospectus; 
“associated” in the context of the section entitled Transfers of a Business or Assets under the ACS Act involving 
an Institution has the meaning given to it under the sub-section entitled Approval of the Minister or the Central 
Bank required of this Base Prospectus; 
“ASU” means an Arrears Support Unit for the purposes of the CCMA and the MARP; 
“ATAD” mean the EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directives; 
“authorised credit institution” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Insolvency Institutions - 
European and Irish Insolvency Law relevant to Institutions of this Base Prospectus; 
“Bankruptcy Act” means the Bankruptcy Act 1988; 
“Barclays Bank PLC” means Barclays Bank PLC, a credit institution whose registered office is at One Churchill 
Place, Canary Wharf, London, E14 5HP, UK and which for the purposes of this Base Prospectus is acting out of 
its office at 5 North Colonnade, Canary Wharf, London E14 4BB; 
“Barclays Bank Ireland PLC” means Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, a credit institution whose registered office is 
at One Molesworth Street, Dublin 2, DO2 RF29 and which for the purposes of this Base Prospectus is acting out 
of its office at One Molesworth Street, Dublin 2, DO2 RF29; 
“Base Prospectus.” means this document (including information incorporated by reference in this document) 
which is a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and relevant Irish laws, including the 
Prospectus Regulation, for giving information with regard to the issue of Securities of the Issuer under the 
Programme during the period of twelve months after the date of this document; 
“Bearer Securities” means the Securities in bearer form; 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities of this Base Prospectus; 
“Benchmark Event” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
of this Base Prospectus;  
  
“BEPS” means the project of the OECD known as Base Erosion and Profits Shifting; 
“Bond Basis” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the Securities of this 
Base Prospectus; 
“BPFI” means the Banking and Payments Federation of Ireland; 
“bps” means basis points (one basis point being one hundredth of one percent); 
“Brexit” means the referendum on the UK’s membership of the EU held on 23 June 2016 where a majority voted 
in favour of the UK’s exit from the EU following withdrawal from the EU;

--- Page 219 ---
219 
“BRRD” means the Banking Recovery and Resolution Directive (Directive 2014/59/EU), as amended; 
“BTL” means buy-to-let; 
“Business Day” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the Securities of 
this Base Prospectus; 
“Business Register” means the register of mortgage covered securities business maintained by the Institution; 
“Capital Markets” means AIB Capital Markets, a managed reporting segment within AIB Group plc; 
“category A” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Cover Assets Pool - Location of assets that 
may be included in a Pool of this Base Prospectus; 
“category B” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Cover Assets Pool - Location of assets that 
may be included in a Pool of this Base Prospectus; 
“CCA” means the Consumer Credit Act 1995; 
“CCB” means a capital conservation buffer for the purposes of the CRR; 
“CCMA” means the Code of Conduct on Mortgage Arrears (2013) and its addendums, issued by the Central 
Bank; 
“CCPC” means the Competition and Consumer Protection Commission of Ireland; 
“CCR” means the Central Credit Register established under the Credit Reporting Act and operated by the Central 
Bank; 
“CCR Regulations” means the regulations published by the Central Bank governing the operation of the CCR; 
“CCyB” means a countercyclical capital buffer for the purposes of the CRR; 
“CDD” means customer due diligence; 
“Central Bank” means: 
(a) 
subject to (b) below, the Central Bank of Ireland (which includes, where appropriate, and in the context 
of the Conditions, a reference to the former Central Bank and Financial Services Authority of Ireland 
and its constituent part, the Irish Financial Services Regulatory Authority, in respect of functions or 
actions carried out prior to the commencement of relevant parts of the Central Bank Reform Act 2010); 
and 
(b) 
the ECB, but only to the extent that the reference is in respect of functions conferred on the ECB by the 
SSM Regulation, Regulation 468/2014 of the European Central Bank establishing the framework for 
cooperation within the SSM between the European Central Bank and national competent authorities and 
with national designated authorities and the European Union (Single Supervisory Mechanism) 
Regulations 2014; 
“Central Bank Act 2013” means the Central Bank (Supervision and Enforcement) Act 2013; 
“Central Bank Act 2023” means the Central Bank (Individual Accountability Framework) Act 2023; 
“CET1” means common equity tier 1 for the purposes of the CRR; 
“CFI” means the classification of financial instruments code; 
“CFT” means countering the financing of terrorism;

--- Page 220 ---
220 
“Error! Reference source not found.” means the credit institutions financial support scheme introduced by 
the Government on 30 September 2008 pursuant to the Credit Institutions (Financial Support) Scheme 
2008 (S.I. No. 411 of 2008), which expired on 29 September 2010; 
“Circuit Court” means the Circuit Court of Ireland as established and for the time being maintained by the laws 
of Ireland; 
“CIWUD Directive” means Directive 2001/24/EC of the European Parliament and the Council of 4 April, 2001 
on the reorganisation and winding up of credit institutions which is implemented in Ireland by the 2011 
Regulations; 
“Clearing Systems” means Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; 
“Clearstream, Luxembourg” means Clearstream Banking, S.A. and whenever the context so permits includes a 
reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“CMBS” means commercial mortgage backed securities; 
“Collateral Register” in relation to the ACS Act, means the register of pool hedge collateral under the ACS Act; 
“collateral security” in relation to the ACS Act, has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Restrictions 
on the Activities of an Institution - Permitted Business Activities – (a) providing mortgage credit and dealing in 
and holding mortgage credit assets and providing group mortgage trust services of this Base Prospectus; 
“commercial property” in relation to the ACS Act, has the meaning given to it under the section entitled 
Restrictions on the Activities of an Institution - Permitted Business Activities – (a) providing mortgage credit and 
dealing in and holding mortgage credit assets and providing group mortgage trust services of this Base 
Prospectus; 
“Error! Reference source not found.” means a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; 
“Common Safekeeper” means a common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; 
“Companies Act” means the Companies Act 2014 and every enactment that is to be read or construed as one with 
that Act; 
“Condition” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the Securities of this 
Base Prospectus and “Conditions” shall be construed accordingly; 
“Error! Reference source not found.” means the Italian Securities Exchange Commission; 
“Consumer Credit Regulations” means the European Communities (Consumer Credit Agreements) Regulations 
2010, which gave effect to the Consumer Credit Directive in Irish law; 
“Consumer Credit Directive” means Directive 2008/48/EC on credit agreements for consumers; 
“Error! Reference source not found. 2007” means the Consumer Protection Acts 2007 to 2019 which implements 
the Unfair Commercial Practices Directive in Ireland;  
“contained in this Base Prospectus” means information as set out or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any supplement thereto;  
“Contractual Overcollateralisation” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Cover Assets Pool - 
The Pool maintained by the Issuer - Overcollateralisation of this Base Prospectus; 
“Couponholders” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
of this Base Prospectus; 
“Coupons” has the meaning given to it under the Terms and Conditions of the Securities of this Base Prospectus;

--- Page 221 ---
221 
“Cover Assets” in relation to the ACS Act and an Institution, means the permitted assets comprised in a Pool 
which secure Mortgage Covered Securities issued by that Institution and certain claims of its other preferred 
creditors, in accordance with the ACS Act; 
“Cover-Assets Monitor Agreement” means the agreement entered into between Forvis Mazars and the Issuer 
dated 10 February 2006 (as amended and restated on 10 October 2007) (as further amended) setting out the terms 
on which Mazers has been appointed and acts as Monitor in respect of the Issuer; 
“Covered Bonds Directive” means Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and the Council of 27 
November 2019 on the issue of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision and amending Directives 
2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU; 
“Covered Bond Programme” means, from 8 July 2022, a programme permitting issues of Mortgage Covered 
Securities authorised under the ACS Act which has been approved by the Central Bank; 
 “COVID-19” means an infectious disease caused by the coronavirus that was first discovered in 2019; 
"CGC Code” means the Corporate Governance Requirements for Credit Institutions 2015 issued by the Central 
Bank; 
“CPC” means the Consumer Protection Code 2012 which was published by the Central Bank and became 
effective on 1 January 2012 and the addendums thereto as issued by the Central Bank; 
“CRD” means CRD IV, as amended by CRD V; 
“CRD IV” means the CRR and the Capital Requirements Directive (2013/36/EU) (as amended by CRD V) 
together;  
“CRD V” means the Capital Requirements Directive V (Directive (EU) 2019/878); 
“credit institution” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Registration Of Institutions/Revocation 
Of Registration - Registration of an eligible credit institution as an Institution of this Base Prospectus; 
“Credit Reporting Act” means the Credit Reporting Act 2013 and the regulations issued thereunder; 
“credit transaction” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Restrictions on the Activities of an 
Institution - Permitted business activities – (d) dealing in and holding credit transaction assets of this Base 
Prospectus; 
“credit transaction asset” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Restrictions on the Activities of 
an Institution - Permitted business activities – (d) dealing in and holding credit transaction assets of this Base 
Prospectus; 
“CRA 2022” means the Consumer Rights Act 2022; 
“CRR” means the Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment 
firms (as amended); 
“CRR II” means Capital Requirements Regulation II (Regulation (EU) 2019/876); 
“CRS” means the regime known as the Common Reporting Standard proposed by the OECD as a new global 
standard for the automatic exchange of information between tax authorities in participating jurisdictions and is 
provided for in Directive 2011/16/EU on Administrative Cooperation in the field of Taxation (as amended by 
Council Directive 2014/107/EU); 
“CSO” means the Central Statistics Office; 
“CSCP Regulations” means the European Union (Credit Servicers and Credit Purchasers) Regulations 2023, 
which implements the Credit Servicing Directive in Ireland;

--- Page 222 ---
222 
“CTA Eligible Financial Institutions Regulations” means the Asset Covered Securities Act 2001 (Section 
27(4)) Regulations 2007 (S.I. No. 601 of 2007) made by the Central Bank which came into operation on 31 August 
2007; 
“DAC” means designated activity company; 
“DAC2” means the automatic exchange of information regime under EU Council Directive 2011/16/EU on 
Administrative Cooperation in the field of Taxation (as amended by EU Council Directive 2014/107/EU);  
“Day Count Fraction” has the meanings given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities of this Base Prospectus; 
“DCI” in relation to the ACS Act means a credit institution registered as a designated credit institution under the 
ACS Act; 
“Dealer” means a dealer specified under Overview of the Programme and any additional Dealer appointed under 
the Programme from time to time by the Issuer which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing 
basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Securities being 
(or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to purchase such Securities; 
“Dealers” means more than one Dealer; 
“Deed of Covenant” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
of this Base Prospectus; 
“Defaults under residential loans” means that the following accounts are considered as defaulted or non-
performing; 
(a) 
where the Group considers a credit obligor to be unlikely to pay his/her credit obligations in full without 
realisation of collateral, regardless of the existence of any past-due amount; or 
(b) 
the credit obligor is 90 days or more past due on any material credit obligation (date count starts where 
any amount of principal, interest or fee has not been paid by a credit obligor at the date it was due); or 
(c) 
loans that have, as a result of financial distress (as defined within the Group’s definition of default policy), 
received a concession from the Group on terms or conditions, and will remain in the non-performing 
probationary period for a minimum of 12 months before moving to a performing classification; 
“Designated Account” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities of this Base Prospectus; 
“Designated Bank” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
of this Base Prospectus; 
“designated mortgage credit institutions” has the meaning given to it under the section Overview of the 
Programme of this Base Prospectus; 
“Determination Dates” means, in respect of a Tranche of Fixed Rate Securities, each date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if none is so specified, each Interest Payment Date; 
“Determination Period” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities of this Base Prospectus; 
“Distribution Compliance Period” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Subscription and Sale, 
Transfer and Selling Restrictions and Secondary Market Arrangements – Selling Restrictions of this Base 
Prospectus; 
“distributor” means any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Securities;

--- Page 223 ---
223 
(“DM Regulations” means the European Communities (Distance Marketing of Consumer Financial Services) 
Regulations 2004, which implements the Distance Marketing Directive in Ireland;  
“Distance Marketing Directive” means Directive 2002/65/EC concerning the distance marketing of consumer 
financial services; 
“DRN” means a debt relief notice under the Personal Insolvency Act; 
“DSA” means a debt settlement arrangement under the Personal Insolvency Act; 
“duration” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Cover Assets Pool - Financial matching criteria 
for a Pool and related Mortgage Covered Securities/Regulatory Overcollateralisation - Meaning of “duration” 
of a Pool or Mortgage Covered Securities of this Base Prospectus; 
“Duration Regulatory Notice” means the Asset Covered Securities Act 2001 Regulatory Notice (Sections 32(10) 
and 47(10)) 2007 dated 31 August 2007 and made by the Central Bank; 
“EBA” means the European Banking Authority; 
“EBS” means EBS d.a.c. (formerly EBS Limited and prior to that EBS Building Society), a company incorporated 
under the laws of Ireland (registered number 500748) and a wholly-owned subsidiary of AIB Bank; 
“EC” means the Commission of the EU (provided for under the provision of Title III of the Treaty on European 
Union), which operates as the executive body of the EU; 
“ECAI” means an external credit assessment institution for the purposes of CRD IV; 
“ECB” means the European Central Bank;  
“ECB banking authorisation” means: 
(a) 
in the case of a licence granted by the Central Bank under section 9 of the Central Bank Act 1971 prior 
to 4 November 2014 (including that issued to and held by the Issuer or AIB Bank), such a licence which 
is deemed in accordance with the SSM Regulation to be an authorisation granted by the ECB under the 
SSM Regulation; or 
(b) 
in any other case, an authorisation granted by the ECB under the SSM Regulation on the application 
therefor under section 9 of the Central Bank Act 1971; 
 “EEA” means the European Economic Area; 
“Error! Reference source not found.” means the Eligible Liabilities Guarantee Scheme established under the 
Credit Institutions (Financial Support) Act 2008 and by the Credit Institutions (Eligible Liabilities Guarantee) 
Scheme 2009, which expired for new liabilities on 28 March 2013; 
“Eligible Green Mortgage Portfolio” has the meaning given to it in the section entitled Green Bond Framework 
Overview of this Base Prospectus; 
“Eligible Social Mortgage Portfolio” has the meaning given to it in the section entitled Social Bond Framework 
Overview of this Base Prospectus; 
“EMMI” means the European Money Markets Institute; 
“Employment Detail Summary” means summary provided by the Revenue Commissioners which contains an 
employee’s pay and statutory deductions for the year as reported by their employer or pension provider; 
“Enterprise Securities Market” means the Enterprise Securities Market of Euronext Dublin;

--- Page 224 ---
224 
“EONIA” means Euro overnight index average, the daily reference rate that expresses the weighted average of 
unsecured overnight interbank lending in the EU and the European Free Trade Association as calculated by the 
ECB; 
“ePrivacy Regulations” means the European Communities (Electronic Communications Networks and Services) 
(Privacy and Electronic Communications) Regulations 2011; 
“ESG Bond Working Group” has the meaning given to it in the section entitled Green Bond Framework 
Overview of this Base Prospectus; 
“ESMA” means the European Securities and Markets Authority; 
“ESRI” means the Economic & Social Research Institute; 
“EU” means the European Union; 
“EU Benchmarks Regulation” means regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the 
performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 
596/2014; 
“EU Covered Bonds Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 27 November 2019 amending CRR as regards exposures in the form of covered bonds; 
“EU CRA Regulation” means Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies; 
“EU Prospectus Regulations” means Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 and 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979 of 14 March 2019; 
“EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy” means the framework established by the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy 
Regulation to facilitate sustainable investment; 
“EURIBOR” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the Securities of this 
Base Prospectus; 
“Eurobond Basis” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
of this Base Prospectus; 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank SA/NV and whenever the context so permits includes a reference to any 
additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Euronext Dublin” means the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin; 
“Error! Reference source not found.” means the central banking system of the Eurozone comprising the ECB and 
the national central banks of the Eurozone Member States; 
“Eurozone” means the Member States of the EU which have adopted the euro as their common currency; 
“EUWA” means the the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended);  
“Exchange Date” means on or after the date which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Security is issued; 
“Exchange Event” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
of this Base Prospectus; 
“FATCA” means the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act of the US; 
“FCA” means Financial Conduct Authority in the UK;

--- Page 225 ---
225 
“Final Terms” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Final Terms for Securities of this Base 
Prospectus; 
“Final Terms for Securities” means a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such 
terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Securities; 
“financial asset” in relation to the ACS Act, has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Restrictions on 
the Activities of an Institution of this Base Prospectus; 
“Error! Reference source not found.” means the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan (Law No. 25 
of 1948); 
“Error! Reference source not found.” means the Republic of Italy Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, 
as amended; 
 “First Trust” means First Trust Bank, the trading name of AIB Group (UK) p.l.c., in Northern Ireland, where it 
operates under that trading name; 
“Fixed Interest Period” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities of this Base Prospectus; 
“Fixed Rate Securities” means Securities on which interest is calculated at a fixed rate payable in arrear on one 
or more Interest Payment Dates in each year as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Fixed Rate Security” means a Security on which interest is calculated at a fixed rate payable in arrear on one or 
more Interest Payment Dates in each year as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Floating Rate Securities” means Securities on which interest is calculated at a floating rate, payable in arrear 
on one or more Interest Payment Dates in each year as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, 
as indicated in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Floating Rate Security” means a Security on which interest is calculated at a floating rate, payable in arrear on 
one or more Interest Payment Dates in each year as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Following Business Day Convention” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities of this Base Prospectus; 
“FSG” means the Financial Solutions Group. 
“FISN” means the financial instrument short name code; 
“Error! Reference source not found.” means the UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended); 
“FSO” means the Financial Services Ombudsman; 
“FSPO” means the Financial Services and Pensions Ombudsman, the successor entity to the FSO in Ireland;  
“FTB” means First-time Buyer; 
“GDPR” means Regulation 2016/679 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of 
personal data and on the free movement of such data (as amended);  
“Global Security” means a either a Temporary Bearer Global Security, a Permanent Bearer Global Security, or 
a Registered Global Security; 
“Government” means the government of Ireland;

--- Page 226 ---
226 
“Green Bonds” means bonds which are issued by a member of the Group in accordance with the Green Bond 
Framework; 
“Green Bond Framework” has the meaning given to it in the section entitled Green Bond Framework Overview 
of this Base Prospectus; 
“Green Securities” means Securities which are issued by the Issuer in accordance with the Green Bond 
Framework and as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Group” means the Group which comprises of AIB Bank, and its subsidiaries up to 8 December 2017 and from 
8 December 2017 onwards, comprises AIB Group plc and its subsidiaries (including AIB Bank);  
“group entity assets” in relation to the ACS Act, has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Restrictions 
on the Activities of an Institution - Permitted business activities – (a) providing mortgage credit and dealing in 
and holding mortgage credit assets and providing group mortgage trust services of this Base Prospectus; 
“Haven” means Haven Mortgages Limited; 
“Hedging Contracts” in relation to the ACS Act, has the meaning given to it under the section entitled 
Restrictions on the Activities of an Institution - Permitted business activities – (f) entering into certain hedging 
contracts for the purpose of hedging risks associated with the foregoing activities/dealing in and holding Pool 
Hedge Collateral of this Base Prospectus; 
“Error! Reference source not found.” means the High Court of Ireland; 
“holders of the Securities” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities of this Base Prospectus and “holder of the Securities” is to be construed accordingly; 
“home Member State” means the Member State in which the entity has been authorised as a credit institution; 
“IASB” means International Accounting Standards Board; 
“ICMA” means International Capital Markets Association; 
“ICMA Green Bond Principles” has the meaning given to it in the section entitled Green Bond Framework 
Overview of this Base Prospectus; 
“Error! Reference source not found.” means the international central securities depositaries, which are, for the 
purposes of this Base Prospectus, Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, SA together; 
“Error! Reference source not found.” in relation to CRS and DAC2, means information exchange agreements 
between relevant countries; 
“IFRS” means International Financial Reporting Standard, as adopted by the EU; 
“IGA legislation” in relation to FATCA, means an intergovernmental agreement; 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an independent 
adviser with appropriate expertise (which may include the Calculation Agent) appointed by the Issuer at its own 
expense; 
 
“Initial Rate of Interest” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities of this Base Prospectus; 
 
“insolvency process” in relation to the ACS Act, has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Insolvency 
of Institutions - Meanings of “insolvent”, “potentially insolvent” and “insolvency process” for the purposes of 
the ACS Act of this Base Prospectus; 
“Insolvency Service” means the Insolvency Service of Ireland;

--- Page 227 ---
227 
“insolvent” in relation to the ACS Act, has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Insolvency of 
Institutions - Meanings of “insolvent”, “potentially insolvent” and “insolvency process” for the purposes of the 
ACS Act of this Base Prospectus; 
“Instalment Amounts” means in relation to Instalment Securities, the Instalment Amounts as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
“Instalment Dates” means in relation to Instalment Securities, the date on which the Instalment Amounts are 
redeemed, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Instalment Securities” means Securities, based upon the Redemption Basis, that are redeemed in the Instalment 
Amounts and on the Instalment Dates as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Institutions” means those credit institutions, such as the Issuer, which are registered under the ACS Act as 
designated mortgage credit institutions and “Institution” means any one of them; 
“Insurance Distribution Directive” means the Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution (recast);  
“Interest Amount” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
of this Base Prospectus; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the issue date or such other date as may be specified pursuant to the 
applicable Final Terms for any particular series or in the Securities of such series; 
 
 
“Interest Payment Date” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities of this Base Prospectus; 
“Investor’s Currency” means a currency or currency unit other than the Specified Currency; 
“IRB” means the Internal Ratings-Based approach which allows banks, subject to regulatory approval, to 
use their own estimates of certain risk components to derive regulatory capital requirements for Credit risk 
across different asset classes. The relevant risk components are: (i) probability of default means the likelihood 
that a borrower defaults over an observation period, given that they are not currently in default; (ii) loss given 
default, being the loss associated with a defaulted loan or borrower and; (iii) exposure at default of a borrower, 
being the exposure of a borrower who is unable to repay his or her obligations at the point of default; 
“Ireland” means the Republic of Ireland; 
“Irish” means Ireland, excluding Northern Irish, respectively; 
“Irish Banking Code” means the laws and regulations applicable to general banking activities in Ireland; 
“Irish Covered Bonds Directive Implementing Regulations” means the European Union (Covered Bonds) 
Regulations 2021; 
“Irish Prospectus Regulations” means the European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019;  
“Irish Residential Loans” in relation to the MCA Valuation Notice, means a mortgage credit asset (other than a 
securitised mortgage credit asset) which is secured on an Irish Residential Property Asset; 
“Irish Residential Property Asset” means a property asset which is residential property situated in Ireland and 
which secures a mortgage credit asset (other than a securitised mortgage credit asset) held by an Institution; 
“ISDA” means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; 
“ISDA Definitions” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
of this Base Prospectus;

--- Page 228 ---
228 
“ISDA Rate” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the Securities of this 
Base Prospectus; 
“ISIN” in relation to Securities, means the international securities identification number; 
“Issue Date” means the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Securities, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Issue Price” means the issue price for the relevant Tranche of Securities which may be at par or at a discount to, 
or premium over, par, and as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
“KID” means a key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation; 
“Issuer” means AIB Mortgage Bank u.c., a wholly-owned subsidiary of AIB Bank; 
“Issuer LEI” means the Issuer’s legal entity identifier; 
“LCLRA 2009” means the Land and Conveyancing Law Reform Act 2009; 
“LCLRA 2013” means the Land and Conveyancing Law Reform Act 2013; 
“LCLRA 2019” means the Land and Conveyancing Law Reform (Amendment) Act 2019; 
“LCR” means Liquidity Coverage Ratio for the purposes of the new Basel III liquidity related ratios; 
“LCR Commission Regulation” means Commission Delegated Regulation (2015/62/EU) of 10 October 2014 to 
supplement Regulation (EU) 575/2013 with regard to liquidity coverage requirement of Credit Institutions; 
“LCR Overcollateralisation Percentage” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Cover Assets 
Pool – The Pool Maintained by the Issuer – Overcollateralisation of this Base Prospectus; 
“Lending Criteria” means the lending criteria that are applied at the date of this Base Prospectus in respect of 
the Irish residential lending by the Issuer; 
“LIBOR” means the London Inter-bank Offered Rate; 
“Error! Reference source not found.” is as defined in the CPC, being “a loan secured on a borrower’s home 
where: (a) interest payments are rolled up on top of the capital throughout the term of the loan; (b) the loan is 
repaid from the proceeds of the sale of the property; and (c) the borrower retains ownership of the home whilst 
living in it”;  
 
“Liquidity Sub-Group” means certain of AIB Bank’s subsidiaries (including the Issuer) in the context of a 
liquidity management agreement dated 29 January 2014 between AIB Bank and its subsidiaries (including the 
Issuer) pursuant to which AIB Bank manages, and reports on, the liquidity of those subsidiaries (including the 
Issuer) in accordance with the requirements of CRD IV; 
“London Business Day” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities of this Base Prospectus; 
“Long Maturity Security” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities of this Base Prospectus; 
“LTI” in relation to a loan, means loan-to-income; 
“LTV” loan to value is an arithmetic calculation that expresses the amount of the loan as a percentage of the value 
of security/collateral; 
“Error! Reference source not found.” means the Central Bank (Supervision and Enforcement) Act 2013 (Section 
48) (Housing Loan Requirements) Regulations 2022;

--- Page 229 ---
229 
“Main Securities Market” means the Main Securities Market of Euronext Dublin; 
“Margin” means the margin applicable to the relevant Tranche of Securities as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
“MARP” means the Mortgage Arrears Resolution Process as provided for under the CCMA; 
“Error! Reference source not found.” means the Mortgage Arrears Resolution Strategy which built on and 
formalised the MARP and was required to be introduced to comply with the CCMA; 
“Maturity Date” means the date on which the Issuer will redeem the Relevant Tranche of Securities in full, unless 
an Extended Maturity Date applies, as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
“MCA Valuation Notice” means the Asset Covered Securities Act 2001 Regulatory Notice (Sections 41(1) and 
41A(7)) 2011; 
“MCC 2011” means the Minimum Competency Code 2011; 
“MCC 2017” means the Minimum Competency Code 2017; 
“Member States” means states of the EU or, as the context may require, the EEA; 
“MiFID II Directive” means Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments;  
“MiFID Product Governance Rules” means the MiFID product governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 
2017/593; 
“Minimum Competency Regulations” means the Central Bank (Supervision and Enforcement) Act 2013 
(Section 48(1)) Minimum Competency Regulations 2017; 
“Minimum Overcollateralisation Level” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities of this Base Prospectus; 
“Minimum SA Rating” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Cover Assets Pool - The Pool 
maintained by the Issuer - Substitution Assets of this Base Prospectus; 
 “Minister” means the Minister for Finance of Ireland; 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms 
and Conditions of the Securities of this Base Prospectus; 
“Monitor” means a cover-assets monitor under the ACS Act; 
“Monitor appointed in respect of the Issuer” means Forvis Mazars, which has agreed in the Cover-Assets 
Monitor Agreement to monitor compliance by the Issuer with its undertaking regarding the level of Contractual 
Overcollateralisation; 
“Moody’s” means Moody’s Investors Service Limited; 
“Mortgage Covered Securities” in relation to the ACS Act, means asset covered securities issued by Institutions 
in accordance with the ACS Act; 
“mortgage credit” in relation to the ACS Act, has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Restrictions 
on the Activities of an Institution - Permitted business activities – (a) providing mortgage credit and dealing in 
and holding mortgage credit assets and providing group mortgage trust services of this Base Prospectus; 
“mortgage credit asset” in relation to the ACS Act, has the meaning given to it under the section entitled 
Restrictions on the Activities of an Institution - Permitted business activities – (a) providing mortgage credit and

--- Page 230 ---
230 
dealing in and holding mortgage credit assets and providing group mortgage trust services of this Base 
Prospectus; 
“Error! Reference source not found.” means Directive 2014/17/EU on credit agreements relating to residential 
immovable property, which was transposed into Irish law with effect from 21 March 2016 by the Mortgage Credit 
Regulations; 
“Mortgage Credit Regulations” means the European Union (Consumer Mortgage Credit Agreements) 
Regulations 2016;  
“mortgage security” in relation to the ACS Act, has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Restrictions 
on the Activities of an Institution - Permitted business activities – (a) providing mortgage credit and dealing in 
and holding mortgage credit assets and providing group mortgage trust services of this Base Prospectus; 
“Mortgage Servicer” means AIB Bank’s appointment as the agent and servicer of the Issuer under the 
Outsourcing Agreement in respect of the service and administration of the Irish loans of the Issuer, their related 
security and certain other related matters; 
“MPM” means macro-prudential mortgage measures set by the Central Bank which are aimed at strengthening 
the resilience of both borrowers and the banking sector and which set limits on the maximum size of mortgages 
that consumers can borrow through the use of LTV and LTI limits; 
“MREL” in relation to the BRRD and the SRM Regulations, means minimum requirement for own funds and 
eligible liabilities for the purposes of the BRRD and the SRM Regulation; 
 “Error! Reference source not found.” means the National Asset Management Agency; 
 “Error! Reference source not found.” means the sustainable residual net monthly income of an applicant after 
meeting the monthly mortgage stressed repayment (see paragraph (b) under the section entitled Irish Residential 
Loan Origination and Servicing – Lending Criteria – Repayment Capacity) for stress testing methodology) and 
any other regular monthly outgoings (i.e. loan repayments, childcare, maintenance payments, etc); 
“Error! Reference source not found.” means in relation to Bearer Securities, means the new global note structure; 
 “non-performing” accounts or exposures are considered as defaulted or non-performing: 
(a) 
where the Group considers a credit obligor to be unlikely to pay his/her credit obligations in full without 
realisation of collateral, regardless of the existence of any past-due amount or 
(b) 
the credit obligor is 90 days or more past due on any material credit obligation (date count starts where 
any amount of principal, interest or fee has not been paid by a credit obligor at the date it was due); or 
(c) 
loans that have, as a result of financial distress (as defined within the Group’s definition of default policy), 
received a concession from the Group on terms or conditions, and will remain in the non-performing 
probationary period for a minimum of 12 months before moving to a performing classification, 
provided, however, that “non-performing” in relation to assets of an Institution and the ACS Act has the meaning 
given to it under the section entitled Cover Assets Pool - Circumstances in which an asset may not be included in 
the a Pool of this Base Prospectus; 
“Northern Ireland” means the counties of Antrim, Armagh, Derry, Down, Fermanagh and Tyrone on the island 
of Ireland, which form part of the UK; 
“NPE” means non-performing exposure; 
“NSFR” means the net stable funding ratio for the purposes of CRD IV and the Basel III liquidity related ratios; 
“Error! Reference source not found.” means in relation to Registered Global Security, means the new safekeeping 
structure;

--- Page 231 ---
231 
“NTMA” means the National Treasury Management Agency; 
“OECD” means the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development; 
“Official List” means the official list maintained by Euronext Dublin; 
“Origination Market Value” for the purposes of the MCA Valuation Notice, means, as a general rule, the market 
value of an Irish Residential Property Asset at the time of origination of the mortgage credit asset secured on that 
Irish Residential Property Asset equal to the amount determined or accepted by the originator of that mortgage 
credit asset to have been the market value of that Irish Residential Property Asset at or about that time; 
“Original Reference Rate” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities – Benchmark Discontinuation of this Base Prospectus; 
 
“other security” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Restrictions on the Activities of an 
Institution- Permitted business activities – (a) providing mortgage credit and dealing in and holding mortgage 
credit assets and providing group mortgage trust services of this Base Prospectus; 
“Outsourcing Agreement” means the Outsourcing and Agency Agreement dated 8 February 2006 (as amended) 
between AIB Bank and the Issuer; 
“outstanding” in relation to Securities, has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities of this Base Prospectus; 
“Overcollateralisation Percentage” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions 
of the Securities of this Base Prospectus; 
“Overcollateralisation Regulation” means the Asset Covered Securities Act 2001 (sections 61(1), 61(2) and 
61(3)) Overcollateralisation Regulation 2004; 
 “O-SII” means an ‘other systemically important institution’ for the purposes of CRD IV; 
“PAYE” means the pay as you earn tax system for employees; 
“Paying Agent” has the meaning given to it under the Terms and Conditions of the Securities of this Base 
Prospectus; 
“Payment Day” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the Securities of 
this Base Prospectus; 
“PDH” means a principal dwelling home; 
“Permanent Bearer Global Security” means a Tranche of Bearer Securities issued in permanent bearer global 
form; 
“Personal Insolvency Act” means the Personal Insolvency Act 2012 (as amended); 
“PIA” means a personal insolvency arrangement under the Personal Insolvency Act; 
“Pillar 1” means pillar 1 for the purposes of the CRR; 
“Pillar 2” means pillar 2 for the purposes of the CRR; 
“Pool” means a cover assets pool for the purposes of the ACS Act; 
“Pool Hedge” means the cover assets hedge contract comprised in the Pool entered into by the Issuer with AIB 
Bank on 29 March 2004 in the form of an International Swap Dealers Association master agreement and credit 
support annex (as supplemented by transaction confirmations);

--- Page 232 ---
232 
“Pool Hedge Collateral” in relation to the ACS Act, means collateral posted with an Institution under a cover 
assets hedge contract; 
“potentially insolvent” in relation to the ACS Act, has the meaning given to it under the section entitled 
Insolvency of Institutions - Meanings of “insolvent”, “potentially insolvent” and “insolvency process” for the 
purposes of the ACS Act of this Base Prospectus; 
“PRA” means the Prudential Regulation Authority in the UK; 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities of this Base Prospectus; 
“Preferred creditors” in relation to the ACS Act, has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Insolvency 
of Institutions - Effect under the ACS Act of insolvency, potential insolvency or insolvency process with respect to 
an Institution of this Base Prospectus; 
“PRIIPs Regulation” means Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 November 2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based investment products; 
“Principal Paying Agent” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities of this Base Prospectus; 
“PRISM” means the Probability Risk Impact System, which is the Central Bank’s risk-based framework for the 
supervision of Central Bank authorised and regulated financial service providers;  
“Programme” means the €20,000,000,000 Mortgage Covered Securities Programme pursuant to which the Issuer 
may from time to time issue mortgage covered securities denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer and subject to the minimum denomination of any Security to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation or offered to the public in a Member State of the 
EEA being €100,000 (or the equivalent thereof in another currency); 
“Programme Agreement” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Subscription and Sale, Transfer 
and Selling Restrictions and Secondary Market Arrangements – Subscription and Sale: Programme Agreement 
of this Base Prospectus; 
“Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
14 June 2017 (as amended); 
“PRSI” means pay-related-social-insurance; 
“Prudent Market Discount” in relation to the MCA Valuation Notice, has the meaning given to it under the 
section entitled Cover Assets Pool – Valuation of Assets held by an Institution - Prudent Market Discount of this 
Base Prospectus; 
“Prudent Market Discount Regulation” means the Asset Covered Securities Act 2001 (Sections 61(1), 61(2) 
and 61(3)) Prudent Market Discount Regulation 2004 (S.I. No. 420 of 2004); 
“prudent market value” in relation to the ACS Act, has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Cover 
Assets Pool – Valuation of Assets held by an Institution - Valuation of Relevant Securitised Mortgage Credit 
Assets of this Base Prospectus; 
“Put Notice” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the Securities of this 
Base Prospectus; 
“Receiptholders” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
of this Base Prospectus; 
“Receipts” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the Securities of this 
Base Prospectus;

--- Page 233 ---
233 
“Record Date” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the Securities of 
this Base Prospectus; 
“Redeemed Securities” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities of this Base Prospectus; 
“Reference Rate” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
of this Base Prospectus; 
“Reference Banks” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
of this Base Prospectus; 
“Register” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the Securities of this 
Base Prospectus; 
“Register of Institutions” in relation to the ACS Act means the register of designated mortgage credit institutions 
maintained by the Central Bank under the ACS Act; 
“Registered Global Security” means Securities issued in registered global form; 
“Registered Securities” means the Securities in registered form; 
“Registrar” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the Securities of this 
Base Prospectus; 
“regulated market” means a regulated market for the purposes of Article 4(21) of Directive 2014/65/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments;  
“Regulation No. 11991” means CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999; 
“Regulation S” means Regulation S under the Securities Act; 
“Regulatory Overcollateralisation” means that the prudent market value of the mortgage credit assets and 
substitution assets comprised in the Pool, expressed as a percentage of the total nominal or principal amounts of 
the Mortgage Covered Securities in issue, is a minimum of 103 percent after taking into account the effect of any 
cover assets hedge contract comprised in the Pool; 
“relevant applicable enactment” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Insolvency of Institutions 
– European and Irish Insolvency Law relevant to Institutions of this Base Prospectus; 
“Relevant Date” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the Securities of 
this Base Prospectus; 
“Relevant Fallback Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms (or any successor or replacement page, 
section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service); 
“Relevant Nominating Body” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities of this Base Prospectus; 
“relevant person” for the purposes of the transfer mechanism under section 58 of the ACS Act has the meaning 
given to it under the section entitled Transfers of a Business or Assets under the ACS Act involving an Institution 
- Approval of the Minister or the Central Bank required of this Base Prospectus; 
“Relevant Person” for the purposes of the section entitled Introduction of this Base Prospectus only means the 
Minister, the Department of Finance, the Government, NAMA or any person controlled by or controlling any such 
person, or any entity or agency of or related to the State, or any director, officer, official, employee, or adviser 
(including, without limitation, legal and financial advisers) of any such person;

--- Page 234 ---
234 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information 
service (or any successor or replacement page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information 
service); 
 
“Relevant Securitised Mortgage Credit Assets” means in relation to the MCA Valuation Notice, means a 
securitised mortgage credit asset the related property assets of which indirectly comprise (in whole or in part) 
residential property (whether or not located in Ireland); 
“resident of Japan” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Subscription and Sale, Transfer and 
Selling Restrictions and Secondary Market Arrangements – Selling Restrictions of this Base Prospectus; 
“residential property” in relation to the ACS Act, has the meaning given to it under the section entitled 
Restrictions on the Activities of an Institution of this Base Prospectus; 
“Revenue Commissioners” means the Revenue Commissioners of Ireland; 
“Revised Wire Transfer Regulation” means Regulation (EC) No 2015/847 on information accompanying 
transfers of funds and repealing Regulation (EC) No 1781/2006; 
“RMBS” means residential mortgage backed securities; 
“RWAs” means risk weighted assets for the purposes of CRD IV; 
“S&P” means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited; 
“Scheme” means the scheme of arrangement proposed to be made under Part 9 of Chapter 1 of the Companies 
Act between AIB and the holders of the Scheme Shares, as set out in Part III of the Scheme Circular, and the 
related AIB reduction of capital under sections 84 to 86 of the Companies Act, with or subject to any 
modifications, addition or condition approved or imposed by the Court and agreed to by AIB and AIB Group plc.;   
“Section 41(3)/(5) Valuation Notice” means the Asset Covered Securities Act 2001 Regulatory Notice (Section 
41(3) and (5)) 2007; 
“Securities” means mortgage covered securities that are issued under the Programme; 
“Securities Act” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Subscription and Sale, Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions and Secondary Market Arrangements – Transfer Restrictions of this Base Prospectus; 
“securitisation” means the process of aggregation and repackaging of non-tradable financial instruments such as 
loans and receivables, or company cash flow, into securities that can be issued and traded in the capital markets; 
“securitised mortgage credit assets” in relation to the ACS Act, means a mortgage credit asset in securitised 
form; namely, RMBS or CMBS; 
“Security holders” has the meaning given to it under the section of this Base Prospectus entitled Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities; 
“Security Holders” has the meaning given to it in under the section of this Base Prospectus entitled Taxation - 
General; 
“Selection Date” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the Securities of 
this Base Prospectus; 
“Sensitivity to Interest Rate Changes Regulation” means the Asset Covered Securities Act, 2001 (Section 
91(1)) (Sensitivity to Interest Rate Changes) Regulation, 2004 (S.I. No. 416 of 2004) as amended by the Asset 
Covered Securities Act 2001 (Section 91(1)) (Sensitivity to Interest Rate Changes – Mortgage Credit) 
(Amendment) Regulations 2007 (S.I. No. 612 of 2007) (which came into operation on 31 August 2007);

--- Page 235 ---
235 
“Series” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the Securities of this Base 
Prospectus; 
“SFS” means a standard financial statement; 
“SME” means a small and medium size enterprise; 
“Error! Reference source not found.” means the Central Bank (Supervision and Enforcement) Act 2013 (Section 
48) (Lending to Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises) Regulations 2015; 
“Error! Reference source not found.” means Sustainable Mortgage Resolution Template; 
“Social Bond Framework” has the meaning given to it in the section entitled Social Bond Framework Overview 
of this Base Prospectus; 
“Social Bonds” means bonds which are issued by a member of the Group in accordance with the Social Bond 
Framework; 
“Social Bond Principles” has the meaning given to it in the section entitled Social Bond Framework Overview 
of this Base Prospectus; 
“Social Securities” means Securities which are issued by the Issuer in accordance with the Social Bond 
Framework and as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Specified Currency” means the specified currency for the relevant Tranche of Securities as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
“Specified Denomination” means the specified denomination for the relevant Tranche of Securities as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
“SRB” means the Single Resolution Board, the EU resolution authority which, together with the national 
resolution authorities, forms part of the SRM; 
“SREP” means supervisory review and evaluation process; 
“SRM” means the Single Resolution Mechanism; 
“SRM Regulation” means the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of 15 July 2014; 
“SSM” means the Single Supervisory Mechanism; 
“SSM Regulation” means Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 of 15 October 2013 conferring specific tasks 
on the European Central Bank concerning policies relating to the prudential supervision of credit institutions; 
“Stabilising Manager” means the Dealer(s) (if any), named as the stabilisation manager(s) in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
“State” means Ireland; 
 “Substitution Asset Pool Eligibility Notice” means the Asset Covered Securities Act 2001 Regulatory Notice 
(Section 35(9B)) 2014 made by the Central Bank (which came into operation on 4 July 2014); 
“sub-unit” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the Securities of this 
Base Prospectus; 
“Successor Rate” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the Securities – 
Benchmark Discontinuation of this Base Prospectus;

--- Page 236 ---
236 
“Super-preferred creditors” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Insolvency of Institutions - 
Effect under the ACS Act of insolvency, potential insolvency or insolvency process with respect to an Institution 
of this Base Prospectus; 
“Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 18 June 2020 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment, and 
amending Regulation (EU) 2019/2088; 
“Switcher MortgageError! Reference source not found.” means a mortgage loan where the Issuer is refinancing 
or taking over an existing mortgage borrowing from another lender; 
“SyRB” means a system risk buffer for the purposes of the CRR; 
“Talon” has the meaning given to it under the Terms and Conditions of the Securities of this Base Prospectus; 
“T2 System” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the Securities of this 
Base Prospectus; 
“Taxes Act” means the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997; 
“Temporary Bearer Global Security” means Securities issued in temporary bearer global form; 
 “Tracker Mortgage Examination” means the Central Bank’s examination of tracker mortgage related 
issues 
across Irish lenders (including AIB Bank and Irish subsidiaries of the Group); 
“Tranche” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the Securities of this 
Base Prospectus; 
“Transaction Document” means any document referred to in this Base Prospectus or any supplement or 
amendment thereto; 
“Transfer Agent” has the meaning given to it under the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
of this Base Prospectus; 
“TRIM” means Targeted Review of Internal Models, a process undertaken by the ECB to increase harmonisation 
in approaches to internet models used by banks across the Eurozone; 
“UK” means the United Kingdom; 
“UK CRA Regulation” means the EU CRA Regulation (Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies) as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; 
“UK MiFIR” means Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
“UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules” means the UK Financial Conduct Authority Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook; 
“UK Official List” means the Official List of the UK Listing Authority; 
“UK PRIIPs Regulation” means the PRIIPS Regulation (Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and 
insurance-based investment products) as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
 “UK Prospectus Regulation” means the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended)) as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA;

--- Page 237 ---
237 
“underlying asset” in relation to the ACS Act, means, in relation to a Pool, a mortgage credit asset or substitution 
asset that is then comprised in a Pool; 
“US” means the United States of America; 
“Error! Reference source not found.” means the European Communities (Unfair Terms in Consumer Contracts) 
Regulations 1995 to 2000 which implement Council Directive 93/13/EEC on unfair terms in consumer contracts; 
“Unfair Commercial Practices Directive” means Directive 2005/29/EC concerning unfair business-to-consumer 
commercial practices in the internal market; 
“variable rates” means the standard variable interest rates on PDH mortgage lending; i.e. the rate where the 
lender has the ability to unilaterally vary the rate, unlike a fixed rate or a rate which tracks changes to an ECB 
official rate; 
“VaR” means value at risk; 
“Wire Transfer Regulation” means Regulation EU 1781/2006 on information accompanying transfer of funds; 
and 
“Zero Coupon Securities” means Securities that are offered and sold at a discount or premium to their nominal 
amount and do not bear interest, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 238 ---
238 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
AIB Mortgage Bank u.c. 
10 Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
COVER-ASSETS MONITOR 
Forvis Mazars 
Harcourt Centre 
Block 3 
Harcourt Road 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
ARRANGERS 
 
 Allied Irish Banks, p.l.c. 
10 Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
25 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5JP 
United Kingdom  
DEALERS 
 Allied Irish Banks, p.l.c. 
10 Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc  
25 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5JP 
United Kingdom 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, ISSUING AGENT, AND (IF APPLICABLE)  
CALCULATION AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch  
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugene Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
McCann FitzGerald Listing Services Limited 
Riverside One 
Sir John Rogerson’s Quay 
Dublin 2 
Ireland

--- Page 239 ---
239 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ISSUER 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ARRANGERS AND 
THE DEALERS 
McCann FitzGerald LLP 
Riverside One 
Sir John Rogerson’s Quay 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
Arthur Cox LLP 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
Prior to May 2023 
Deloitte Ireland LLP 
Deloitte & Touche House 
29 Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
From May 2023 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
One Spencer Dock, 
North Wall Quay, 
Dublin 1, 
Ireland