--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 6 October 2023
AIB Group plc
Allied Irish Banks, p.l.c.
(each a company incorporated with limited liability in Ireland) 
€10,000,000,000
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
AIB Group plc (“AIB”) and Allied Irish Banks, p.l.c. (“AIB Bank”, together with AIB, the “Issuers” and each an “Issuer”) may from time to time issue Notes denominated in such currencies 
as may be agreed with the Dealers specified in this Base Prospectus (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”, which expression shall include any additional Dealers appointed under the 
€10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme described in this Base Prospectus (the “Programme”) from time to time, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on a 
continuing basis). The Notes may be issued as unsubordinated obligations of AIB (“Senior Notes”), as senior preferred obligations (“Senior Preferred Notes”) or senior non-preferred 
obligations (“Senior Non-Preferred Notes”) of AIB Bank, or as subordinated obligations of the relevant Issuer (“Subordinated Notes”, and together with the Senior Notes, the Senior Preferred 
Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the “Notes”). The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers. The Notes will have maturities of not less than one 
month from the date of issue. Subject as set out herein, the maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding will not exceed €10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent 
in other currencies at the time of agreement to issue, subject as further set out herein). 
References in this Base Prospectus to the “relevant Issuer” shall, with respect to any Notes, be references to whichever of AIB or AIB Bank is specified as the Issuer of such Notes in the 
relevant set of final terms (the “Final Terms”).  
Factors which may affect the relevant Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme and factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market 
risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme are set out in “Risk Factors”. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The 
Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should 
not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuers or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments (as amended, “MiFID II”), to the extent that such amendments have been implemented in the relevant Member State of the 
European Economic Area. Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc (trading as Euronext Dublin) (“Euronext Dublin”) for Notes issued under the Programme for the period 
of 12 months from the date of the approval of the Base Prospectus by the Central Bank to be admitted to the official list of Euronext Dublin (the “Official List”) and to trading on its regulated 
market. No assurance can be given that such an application to list and trade the Notes will be accepted. A&L Listing Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent in connection with 
the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List or to trading on its regulated market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Notes which are admitted to the Official List are referred to herein as “Listed Notes”. Notice of the aggregate principal amount of, interest (if any) payable in respect of, the issue price of and 
any other terms and conditions not contained herein which are applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Description of the Programme”) of Notes will be set forth in the Final Terms 
which, with respect to the Listed Notes, will be delivered to Euronext Dublin on or before the date of issue of such Tranche. Unlisted Notes and Notes listed on other or additional stock 
exchanges may also be issued. Any Final Terms in respect of unlisted Notes will not constitute final terms for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Notes issued under the Programme are not guaranteed by the Minister for Finance of Ireland or any other person or entity. 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR, SONIA and SOFR as specified in the relevant Final Terms and each as defined in the terms and conditions 
of the Notes (the “Conditions”). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, European Money Markets Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR) appears on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (the “ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended, the “EU 
Benchmarks Regulation”). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrators of SONIA and SOFR do not appear on ESMA’s register of administrators and benchmarks pursuant to 
Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuers are aware, SONIA and SOFR do not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus will be valid as a base prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation for 12 months from 6 October 2023. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event 
of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies which may affect the assessment of the Notes issued under the Programme will not apply following the expiry of that 
period.
Arranger and Dealer  
J.P. Morgan 
Dealers
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities 
Citigroup 
Deutsche Bank 
Goldman Sachs International 
Goodbody 
HSBC 
ING 
Mizuho 
Morgan Stanley  
NATIXIS 
NatWest Markets 
Nomura 
Société Générale 
Corporate & Investment Banking 
UBS Investment Bank 
UniCredit

--- Page 2 ---
i
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.
Each Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of 
the knowledge of AIB and AIB Bank, such information is in accordance with the facts and this Base 
Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import.
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all the documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated herein by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Base Prospectus 
shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are so incorporated and form part of this 
Base Prospectus save as provided herein.
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in any Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment for that investor considering its own circumstances. In 
particular, each potential investor should:
(i)
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, 
the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement;
(ii)
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment 
will have on its overall investment portfolio;
(iii)
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
relevant Notes, including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from 
the potential investor’s currency;
(iv)
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets;
(v)
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect the investor’s investment and its ability 
to bear the applicable risks; and
(vi)
understand the accounting, legal, regulatory and tax implications of a purchase, holding and 
disposal of an interest in the relevant Notes.
Some Notes may be purchased by investors as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, 
measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest 
in any Notes unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) to evaluate 
how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such Notes 
and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio.
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal and any other 
relevant advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) the Notes are investments in which it may 
legally invest, (2) the Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other 
restrictions apply to any purchase or pledge by it of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their 
legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any 
applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, 
or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest rate may affect the secondary

--- Page 3 ---
ii
market in, and the market value of, such Notes. If the Notes are converted from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any 
time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Notes are converted from a floating rate to a fixed 
rate, the fixed rate in such circumstances may be lower than then prevailing market rates.
The market values of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-
bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the greater the price 
volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities.
Though the NGN and NSS allow for the possibility of Notes, which are specified to be issued as New 
Global Notes, being issued and held in a manner which will permit them to be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit operations or as eligible under 
quantitative easing related bond purchase programmes, by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
or all times during their life, in any particular case, such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria at the relevant time. Neither the Arranger, nor the Dealers, nor any of their 
respective affiliates, nor the Trustee gives any representation as to the eligibility of the Notes pursuant to 
such Eurosystem eligibility criteria.
Bearer or registered form Global Notes that are deposited with a Common Depositary on behalf of the 
ICSDs under the classic global note structure are not eligible for Eurosystem purposes. In addition, Notes 
in definitive form are not eligible for Eurosystem purposes.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Arranger, the Dealers or the Trustee accepts any 
responsibility for the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement, made or purported to 
be made by the Arranger, a Dealer or the Trustee or on its behalf in connection with the Issuers or the 
issue and offering of Notes under the Programme. The Arranger, each Dealer and the Trustee accordingly 
disclaim all and any liability, whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to above), 
which they might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement.
None of the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any social, environmental and sustainability assessment 
of any Notes issued as Green or Social Bonds or makes any representation, warranty or assurance 
whether such Notes will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding such “green”, “social” 
or similar labels. None of the Dealers is responsible for the use of proceeds for any Notes issued as Green 
or Social Bonds, nor the impact or monitoring of such use of proceeds. No representation or assurance is 
given by the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability of any opinion or certification of any third party 
made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green or Social Bonds, nor is any such 
opinion or certification a recommendation by any Dealer to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. In the event 
any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated “green”, 
“environmental”, “sustainable”, “social” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange 
or securities market, no representation or assurance is given by the Dealers that such listing or admission 
will be obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the Notes. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this 
Base Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility 
as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any 
responsibility for any acts or omissions of the Issuers or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer) 
in connection with any issue and offering of the Notes under the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than 
those contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or

--- Page 4 ---
iii
made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuers, the Arranger or any of the Dealers.
This Base Prospectus is not intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not 
be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuers, the Arranger or any of the Dealers or any of 
their affiliates that any recipient of this Base Prospectus should purchase the Notes. Each potential 
purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary.
Unless otherwise indicated, references to the “AIB Group” are to AIB and its subsidiaries and references 
to the “Bank Group” mean AIB Bank and its subsidiaries.
AIB is a non-operating holding company which carries on all of its trading activities through its direct 
subsidiary, AIB Bank and the other members of the Bank Group (which are indirect subsidiaries of AIB). 
AIB is the direct 100 per cent. shareholder of AIB Bank, and has no direct subsidiaries other than AIB 
Bank. Accordingly, save for the issuance and management of certain capital instruments by AIB, the 
business of the AIB Group and the Bank Group are, at the date of this Base Prospectus, substantively 
similar in all material respects. Therefore, references in this prospectus to the “Group” should be 
construed as references to both of the AIB Group and the Bank Group, save that where that term is used 
in the context of a relevant Issuer, it should be construed as meaning the AIB Group (where the relevant 
Issuer is AIB) or the Bank Group (where the relevant Issuer is AIB Bank). 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any 
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuers and/or 
the Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuers 
and/or the Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently amended or supplemented. None of the Arranger or the Dealers undertakes to review the 
financial condition or affairs of the Issuers or any of their subsidiaries during the life of the arrangements 
contemplated by this Programme nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any 
information coming to the attention of any of the Arranger or the Dealers.
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance 
Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules.
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET - The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
will include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect

--- Page 5 ---
iv
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the “EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the 
Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the “UK MiFIR”); or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the 
Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus 
Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 
2001 of Singapore (as amended, the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise specified before an offer 
of Notes, each Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 
309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on 
the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).
The Issuers and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or 
that Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements 
in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for 
facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuers or the 
Dealers which would permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any

--- Page 6 ---
v
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, Notes may not be offered or sold, 
directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material 
may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in 
compliance with any applicable laws and regulations.
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of any of the Notes may be restricted by 
law in certain jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by 
the Issuers, the Arranger and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such 
restrictions.
If a jurisdiction requires that an offering of Notes be made by a licensed broker or dealer and any Dealer 
or any affiliate of a Dealer is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, the offering shall be deemed 
to be made by such Dealer or such affiliate on behalf of the Issuers in such jurisdiction.
In the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA or 
offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum specified denomination shall be at least 
€100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes).
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (the 
“Securities Act”) and include Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject 
to certain exemptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. 
persons. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this 
Base Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale”.
All references in this document to “Ireland” are to the Republic of Ireland, those to the “United 
Kingdom” or “UK” are to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, those to the 
“United States” or “U.S.” are to the United States of America, those to a “Member State” are references 
to a Member State of the EEA, those to “U.S. dollars” and “U.S.$” are to the currency of the United 
States, those to “euro” and “€” are to the single currency adopted by those states participating in the 
European Monetary Union from time to time and those to “Sterling” and “£” are to the currency of the 
United Kingdom.
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuers or the 
Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes.
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) acting as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market 
price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may 
not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at 
any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation 
action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting 
on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.
Any transaction under this Programme shall be carried out in accordance with all applicable laws and 
regulations.

--- Page 7 ---
vi
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ......................................................................................................... 1
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................................ 2
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .....................................................................................47
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION .............................................................................................................50
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES, SENIOR PREFERRED NOTES AND SENIOR 
NON-PREFERRED NOTES ....................................................................................................................51
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES .............................................................104
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM .....................155
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................................161
GREEN BOND FRAMEWORK OVERVIEW ...............................................................................................162
SOCIAL BOND FRAMEWORK OVERVIEW ..............................................................................................165
AIB, AIB BANK AND THE GROUP .............................................................................................................167
TAXATION .....................................................................................................................................................172
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................178
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS ......................................................................................................................184
GENERAL INFORMATION ..........................................................................................................................200

--- Page 8 ---
1
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME
The Issuers may, from time to time, issue Notes denominated in such currencies as may be agreed with the 
relevant Dealer(s).
The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”). Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a “Tranche”) 
on the same or different issue dates. The issue price, issue date, maturity date, principal amount, interest rate (if 
any) applicable to any Notes, ranking and any other relevant provisions of such Notes will be agreed between 
the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of agreement to issue and will be specified in the Final 
Terms in respect of such Notes. In accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, the European Union (Prospectus) 
Regulations 2019 and Central Bank (Investment Market Conduct) Rules 2019, all Final Terms in respect of 
Listed Notes will be filed with the Central Bank.
Subject as set out herein, this Base Prospectus and any supplement hereto will only be valid for listing Notes 
up to an aggregate principal amount of €10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in the other currencies specified 
herein) outstanding at any one time calculated on the basis specified in the Trust Deed.

--- Page 9 ---
2
RISK FACTORS
Investing in the Notes involves certain risks. If any of the risks described below materialise, the Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations could suffer, and the trading price and liquidity of the 
Notes could decline, in which case an investor may lose some or all of the value of its investment. Each Issuer 
believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes issued 
under the Programme, but the relevant Issuer may be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or 
in connection with Notes for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the relevant Issuer 
based on information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate and neither 
Issuer represents that the statements below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive.
AIB Bank is a principal operating subsidiary of AIB and accounts for a substantial proportion of the 
consolidated assets, liabilities and operating profits of AIB. Accordingly, risk factors below which relate to AIB 
and the Group will also be of relevance to AIB Bank and the Bank Group and vice versa.
Words and expressions defined in the Conditions or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings 
in this section. 
Macroeconomic and Geopolitical Risks
1
The Group’s business may be adversely affected by any deterioration in Irish, UK or global 
economic conditions
The Group’s business activities are almost entirely based in the Irish and UK markets. A deterioration in the 
performance of the Irish economy or in the EU, the UK and/or other relevant economies has the potential to 
adversely affect the Group’s overall financial condition and performance. For example, it could result in 
reductions in business activity, lower demand for the Group’s products and services, reduced availability of 
credit, increased funding costs, and decreased asset values, including property prices and an increased risk of 
residential mortgage defaults.
In relation to residential property, the Central Bank reviewed its mortgage measures framework and decided 
that “targeted changes were appropriate” which entail, inter alia, raising the loan to income limit for first time 
buyers from 3.5 to 4 times gross annual income and raising the loan to value ratio for second time and 
subsequent buyers from 80 percent to 90 percent. The European Central Bank (“ECB”) has raised key interest 
rates by 4.50 percentage points since 2022. Their goal is to bring these rates to a level that will help achieve a 
2 per cent. inflation target in the medium term. The rates will be maintained at that level for as long as required. 
As a result, Irish mortgaged households in aggregate have already seen a significant increase in their mortgage 
repayment levels due to the changes in the loan to income rules and the increase in market interest rates. These 
developments are likely to result in higher rates of mortgage arrears by the Group’s customers. Higher interest 
rates will also impact on the ability of some businesses to repay their loans. It should be noted that higher rates 
can also impact households and businesses indirectly by reducing the rate of economic activity which, in turn, 
can lower the demand for products such as mortgages and commercial loans.
Ireland is a small open economy which could be adversely affected by a deterioration in UK or global economic 
conditions. Continued inflationary pressures, combined with a slowdown in economic growth and the 
possibility of a recession in the UK or globally, could exacerbate the recent slowdown in economic activity. 
Moreover, changes currently being negotiated at the international level in relation to corporate taxation policy, 
such as the OECD/G20 Inclusive Framework on Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) that have been 
adopted by the Irish legislation in 2023 and UK government, and other tax measures introduced by the US 
government, could also result in the loss of new, and some existing, foreign direct investment. This may also 
lead to lower activity in the wider economy (for example, lower consumer spending, loss of tax revenues, etc.),

--- Page 10 ---
3
slower growth in new lending and some deterioration in the quality of loan portfolios among Irish banks, 
including the Group (see Risk Factor 3 “—The Group may be adversely affected by the budgetary and taxation 
policies of the Irish, UK and other governments through changes in taxation law and policy”). No assurance 
can be given that the Irish economy or the Group’s business, financial performance and prospects would remain 
immune to any such external adverse developments.
In the medium to long-run, the negative impact on trade flows, migration and productivity arising from the 
UK’s decision to leave the EU (“Brexit”) are likely to have implications on output in both of the Group’s core 
markets of Ireland and the UK. The Office for Budget Responsibility in the UK projects a 4 per cent. reduction 
in the UK’s GDP over a 10-year period due to Brexit. This decrease in economic growth is partially attributed 
to trade frictions and supply chain disruptions, as well as persistent inflationary pressures. The Windsor 
Framework on 25 March 2023 replaces the old protocol with the goal of reducing trade friction. The political 
impasse surrounding the collapse of power-sharing arrangements at Stormont in Northern Ireland, due to the 
implementation of the Windsor Framework, has yet to be resolved. Such uncertainties may adversely affect the 
Group’s operations.
A deterioration in the economic and market conditions in which the Group operates could negatively impact 
the Group’s income, lead to higher expected credit losses and put additional pressure on the Group to more 
aggressively manage its cost base. This could have negative consequences for the Group to the extent that 
strategic investments are de-scoped or de-prioritised and could increase operational risk. Market conditions are 
also impacted by the competitive environment in which the Group operates.
2
Geopolitical developments, particularly in Europe, the United States and elsewhere, could have 
repercussions that could have a negative impact on global economic growth, disrupt markets and 
adversely affect the Group
Geopolitical developments, in particular related to the Russia/Ukraine conflict, have given rise to significant 
market volatility and are having an adverse impact on global economic activity. Uncertainty regarding the world 
economic outlook is likely to remain elevated in the short to medium term. The confluence of geopolitical risks 
(see Risk Factor 1 “—The Group’s business may be adversely affected by any deterioration in Irish, UK or 
global economic conditions”), together with the increase in sovereign borrowing, necessitated by the fiscal 
policy support measures first introduced during the COVID-19 pandemic and more recently to mitigate the 
impact of the cost of living crisis, have added to pre-existing elevated public debt burdens in many economies. 
In addition, there was an extended period of loose financial conditions and rising asset prices (including 
residential and commercial real estate) with record levels of high yield corporate bond issuance and leveraged 
loans, which could exacerbate the risk of a prolonged slowdown.
The war in Ukraine, along with the potential for additional adverse economic consequences from the conflict, 
as well as recent turbulence in the banking sector, such as that experienced in the US and Swiss bank markets, 
may act as triggers for a reassessment of corporate and sovereign risk by market participants leading to further 
sharp re-pricing of financial assets and a rise in risk premia. A more protracted and severe economic downturn 
than expected, if coupled with higher sovereign borrowing costs, may result in unsustainable public finances in 
some Member States of the Eurozone. Furthermore, the supply chain issues arising from the Russia-Ukraine 
war have pushed up the prices of a broad range of commodities.
The resulting increase in inflation has led to central banks such as the ECB announcing a series of increases in 
official interest rates over the course of 2022 and to date in 2023 to combat inflationary pressures, and this has 
created further challenges for some of the Group’s customers. Central banks will calibrate the policy response 
to reflect their evolving assessment of the outlook for economic growth. There is a risk that a combination of 
excessive tightening and worse-than-anticipated economic effects from the Russia-Ukraine war (including, inter 
alia, the impact of the extensive sanctions, trade restrictions etc.) precipitates a recession in parts of the global

--- Page 11 ---
4
economy. More recently, with the problems faced by a number of regional U.S. banks and some European 
financial institutions, there is also a risk of contagion effects spilling over into the wider banking sector leading 
to a marked tightening of financial conditions.
Since the start of 2022, the military conflict between the Russian Federation and Ukraine has contributed to 
increases in the prices of energy, oil and other commodities and to volatility in global financial markets, as well 
as a new landscape in relation to international sanctions. The Group continues to closely monitor the situation 
in Ukraine and the potential impact it may have on the Group’s business. The Group has negligible direct credit 
exposure to Ukraine, Russia or Belarus and is closely monitoring payment flows. Risk assessments of the 
impacts on the Group has identified the key risks as being the implementation of complex sanctions regimes in 
the Group’s operations, the potential for an increase in cyberattacks and financial and market risks arising from 
volatility in asset values, interest rates or foreign exchange markets. 
In addition, the emergence of anti-EU and anti-establishment political parties and a rise in separatist and 
protectionist sentiment across the EU may also give rise to further political instability and uncertainty. Brexit 
has also resulted in significant volatility within the European political environment.
The stability of the power-sharing executive (the “Executive”) in Northern Ireland has been severely tested. 
Following disagreement regarding the implementation of the Northern Ireland Protocol (the “Protocol”), the 
resignation of the First Minister (and the automatic departure of the Deputy First Minister) on 3 February 2022 
means that the Executive can no longer meet and is unable to take significant policy decisions. Following the 
Northern Ireland Assembly election on 5 May 2022, the Assembly has been unable to reconvene due to failure 
to nominate a first and deputy first minister. 
In February 2023, a new trade agreement, the “Windsor Framework”, was struck by the EU and UK, which 
replaces the old Protocol and provides a new legal and UK constitutional framework. The UK House of 
Commons voted to approve the Windsor Framework deal by a large majority, though the DUP have voted 
against a key element of it. The DUP has made clear its ongoing boycott of power-sharing will continue until it 
secures further assurances over concerns around sovereignty and the application of EU law in Northern Ireland.
Trade tensions, which have also been building in recent years, have risen further lately, in particular between 
the US and China. There is a risk that these developments could prompt a further shift away from globalisation. 
A greater focus on more secure local supply chains remains a risk in the medium-term. As Ireland is a highly 
open economy, with exports and imports comprising a very large proportion of GDP, economic activity could 
be adversely affected, with knock-on effects on the Group’s financial performance and profitability. 
The aforementioned geopolitical developments as well as any further developments may adversely affect global 
economic growth, heighten trading tensions and disrupt markets, which could in turn have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
3
The Group may be adversely affected by the budgetary and taxation policies of the Irish, UK and other 
governments through changes in taxation law and policy
Changes in taxation policy and other tax measures adopted by the Irish or UK Governments, or by international 
organisations such as the EU, may have an adverse impact on economic activity generally, or on borrowers’ 
ability to repay their loans which may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of 
operations, financial condition and prospects. For example, the financial performance of the Group may be 
adversely affected by taxation measures introduced by the Irish Government, such as a change in the current 
Irish corporation tax rate of 12.5 per cent. As a result of financial support measures in response to the COVID-
19 pandemic, governments may consider future changes to budgetary and taxation policies to address the 
increased burden on public finances, which may have an adverse impact on future economic activity and the 
Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. For example, the UK Finance Act

--- Page 12 ---
5
2021 increased the UK corporation tax rate from 19 per cent. to 25 per cent. with effect from 1 April 2023. The 
Irish Minister for Finance has stated that the bank levy, which was due to expire in 2023, will be extended into 
2024 and that the scope, amount and duration of the levy are under consideration. It is possible that the levy 
payable by the Group will be increased above the level of €37 million which applies for 2023.
Changes in Irish and UK taxation will arise from the OECD Base Erosion and Profits Shifting (“BEPS”) project. 
In December 2021, as part of the BEPS project, the OECD published model rules for a global minimum 
effective corporation tax rate of 15 per cent. (“Pillar Two”) and in December 2022 the EU Commission adopted 
a directive setting out how Pillar Two should be applied within the EU. The Irish Department of Finance has 
held a public consultation and has confirmed that it intends to legislate for Pillar Two in the 2023 Finance Bill. 
Significant uncertainties remain in relation to this proposed regime. If it comes into effect, it may result in an 
increase in the Group’s effective tax rate.
International initiatives in recent years could have impacts on economic activity generally. For example, the 
various international initiatives in relation to the taxation of the digital economy and Pillar Two, if enacted could 
have a significant impact on a number of companies with a large presence in Ireland. These and any other 
similar actions could result in companies relocating from Ireland or deciding to invest in other jurisdictions, 
which could have an adverse impact on the Irish economy and, as a result, on the Group’s business.
Changes in tax legislation or the interpretation of such legislation, regulatory requirements, accounting 
standards or practices of relevant authorities could also adversely affect the basis for recognition of the value 
of deferred tax assets. In the UK, for instance, legislation was introduced in 2015 and 2016 to restrict the 
proportion of a bank’s taxable profit that can be offset by certain carried forward losses to 50 per cent. and to 
25 per cent., respectively. If similar legislation were to be introduced in Ireland, this could have a further adverse 
impact on the value of the Group’s deferred tax assets, which could adversely affect the Group’s business, 
results of operations, financial condition and prospects. Amendments to IAS 12 Income Taxes have been 
adopted, introducing a mandatory temporary exception to the usual requirement for accounting for deferred tax, 
specifically regarding taxes arising under Pillar Two. For so long as this temporary exception remains 
applicable, Pillar Two will have no impact on the value of the Group’s deferred tax assets. As at 30 June 2023, 
the Group had €2.927 billion of net deferred tax assets on its statement of financial position, substantially all of 
which related to unused tax losses. 
Risks relating to business
4
The Group has a material level of criticised loans and non-performing exposures on its statement of financial 
position and there can be no assurance that it will continue to be successful in reducing the level of these 
loans. The management of criticised loans and non-performing exposures also gives rise to risks, including 
the vulnerability to challenge by customers and/or third parties, re-default, changes in the regulatory regime, 
further losses, costs and the diversion of management attention and other resources from the Group’s 
business 
The Group has a material level of criticised loans and non-performing exposures (“NPEs”), which are defined 
as loans requiring additional management attention over and above that normally required for the loan type. 
Criticised loans are accounts of lower quality and include “criticised watch” and “criticised recovery”, and 
NPEs are accounts which have defaulted.
As at 30 June 2023, total criticised loans amounted to €3.6 billion, of which €2.4 billion were “criticised watch” 
and €1.2 billion were “criticised recovery” (31 December 2022: €3.95 billion, of which €1.94 billion were 
“criticised watch” and €2.01 billion were “criticised recovery”). In addition, the Group had a further €2.1 billion 
in NPEs on its balance sheet representing 3.3 per cent. of total gross loans to customers, compared to €2.2 
billion as at 31 December 2022 (3.5 per cent. of total gross loans to customers). The Group remains on track to

--- Page 13 ---
6
achieve its 3 per cent. target of total gross loans to customers by the end of 2023. Although the ‘criticised watch’ 
portfolio increased by €0.5 billion, this increase was influenced by the ‘criticised recovery’ portfolio which 
decreased by €0.8 billion due to the upgrading of customers, predominately in the non-property business 
portfolio exiting forbearance measures. The credit quality of the total portfolio has remained robust. However, 
emerging stress from current inflationary pressures and rising interest rates is manifesting in an increase in 
Stage 2 migration by €2.2 billion. The increase in Stage 2 loans was driven by the property and construction 
portfolio following the €1.1 billion transfer from Stage 1 to 2 primarily due to loans triggering a qualitative 
significant increase in credit risk during the period due to economic conditions. A further €1.6 billion of 
commercial investment exposures (predominately commercial investment offices) also transferred to Stage 2. 
The Group’s proactive and forward-looking credit management approach to this sector stems from changes in 
market dynamics due to increased interest rates and stressing asset values where a potential interest cover breach 
under stress could occur or where loans are unlikely to meet business as usual refinance terms. 
The Group’s total NPE portfolio (inclusive of NPE on loans measured at amortised cost and loans measured at 
fair value through profit or loss) can be further split between legacy and non-legacy NPEs. Exposures that 
entered into default prior to 31 December 2018 amount to €0.2 billion or 0.3 per cent. of total gross loans and 
advances to customers (31 December 2022: €0.2 billion or 0.4 per cent.) and are classified as legacy. The 
remaining balances relate to exposures which may form part of alternative recovery strategies. Exposures that 
have defaulted after 31 December 2018 amount to €1.9 billion or 3.0 per cent. of total gross loans and advances 
to customers (31 December 2022: €1.9 billion or 3.1 per cent.) and are classified as non-legacy. 
Further NPE reduction continues to remain a priority of the Group given the impact of holding NPEs has on 
the Group’s costs, capital requirements and balance sheet resilience. NPEs are defined by the EBA to include 
material exposures which are more than 90 days past due and/or exposures in respect of which the debtor is 
assessed as unlikely to pay its credit obligations in full without realisation of collateral, regardless of the 
existence of any past due amount or the number of days the exposure is past due.
The Group has been proactive in managing its criticised loans and NPEs, in particular through restructuring 
activities and the Mortgage Arrears Resolution Process that was introduced in order to comply with the Central 
Bank’s Code of Conduct on Mortgage Arrears. The management of criticised loans and NPEs also gives rise to 
risks, including the protracted resolution of NPEs, increased levels of re-default, and the diversion of 
management attention and other resources from the business. Any of the foregoing risks could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. While the Group has made 
significant progress in reducing the level of NPEs, the impact of the volatility in economic conditions will 
continue to be closely monitored throughout 2023 and beyond. The macroeconomic outlook for 2023 and 2024 
remains challenging, due to inflationary pressures and rising interest rates. As a result, there can be no assurance 
that the Group will continue to be successful in reducing the level of its criticised loans and NPEs.
5
The Group is subject to credit risks in respect of customers and counterparties, including risks 
arising due to concentration of exposures across its loan book, and any failure to manage these 
risks effectively could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects 
Risks arising from changes in credit quality and the recoverability of loans and other amounts due from 
customers and counterparties are inherent in a wide range of the Group’s businesses. In addition to the credit 
exposures arising from loans to individuals, small and medium size enterprises (“SMEs”) and corporates, the 
Group also has exposure to credit risk arising from loans to financial institutions, its trading portfolio, 
investment securities, derivatives and from off-balance sheet guarantees and commitments including potential 
obligations due to membership of AIB under certain card schemes. Due to the nature of its business, the Group 
has extensive exposure to the Irish property market, both because of its mortgage lending activities and its

--- Page 14 ---
7
property and construction loan book. Accordingly, any development that adversely affects the Irish property 
market could have a significant impact on the Group.
As at 30 June 2023, based on geographic concentration of gross loans and advances to customers, 79 per cent. 
of the Group’s loans and advances to customers were in the Republic of Ireland, 14 per cent. in the UK and 7 
per cent. in other jurisdictions. Also, as at 30 June 2023, residential mortgages represented 49 per cent. of gross 
loans (i.e., loans comprising of all capital outstanding and interest accrued prior to the deduction of impairment 
charges) and advances to customers.
The Group’s monitoring of its loan portfolio is dependent on the effectiveness, and efficient operation, of its 
processes including credit grading and scoring systems and there is a risk that these systems and processes may 
not be effective in evaluating credit quality. If the Group is unable to manage its credit risk effectively, its 
business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects could be materially adversely affected.
6
Loan-to-value (“LTV”)/Loan-to-income (“LTI”) related regulatory restrictions on residential 
mortgage lending may restrict the Group’s mortgage lending activities and balance sheet growth 
generally
In 2015, the Central Bank imposed residential mortgage restrictions on Irish residential mortgage lending, under 
the LTV/LTI Regulations, which include LTV rules which set a minimum deposit requirement for the purchase 
of property, and LTI rules which set a maximum residential mortgage value which could be borrowed, measured 
against the borrower’s gross salary. Specific LTV and LTI limits were introduced for purchasers of their 
principal dwelling home including separate rules for first-time buyers, as well as those purchasing Buy-to-Let 
properties. These macro-prudential measures are subject to annual review by the Central Bank. The Group was 
compliant across all LTV and LTI regulatory limits in 2022. Following the Central Bank of Ireland’s release of 
the Mortgage Measures Framework Review, some significant changes came into effect on 1 January 2023, 
including an increase in borrowing limits to four times LTI for first time buyers and to 90 percent LTV for 
second time and subsequent buyers. Uptake was initially slow with first time buyers, but following a recent 5 
per cent. decrease in the net disposable income limit (effective May 2023), there has been a gradual increase in 
interest. Uptake has been strong with second time buyers across the Group from the outset.
The Group’s risk appetite has continued to evolve, particularly as a result of the increasing inflationary 
environment and rising interest rates. This has resulted in tightened credit management relating to net disposable 
income parameters within the Group’s Credit Policy. The Group will ensure regulatory compliance with Central 
Bank macro-prudential limits, by prioritising consistent and fair customer outcomes over maximising the usage 
of these limits.
The Group needs to ensure that it dedicates sufficient resources, and has the necessary procedures and controls 
in place, to ensure that the exception levels permitted under the regulations are monitored and not breached. 
These restrictions may adversely affect the level of new mortgage lending the Group can undertake and the 
costs of administering its residential mortgage lending, and hence may have a material adverse effect on its 
business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.
7
Capital implications to ensure minimum coverage levels on long term NPE exposures due to ECB 
guidance may continue to negatively impact the Group’s financial condition
The ECB published guidance to banks on NPEs in March 2017. The ECB’s objective in issuing the guidance 
was to drive strategic and operational focus on the reduction of NPEs, together with further harmonisation and 
common definitions of NPEs and forbearance measures. The ECB published the “Addendum to the ECB 
Guidance to banks on non-performing exposures: supervisory expectations for prudential provisioning of non-
performing exposures” in March 2018, which proposed the phasing in of stricter provisioning or capital 
guidance in any future Group Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (“SREP”) if the Group does not

--- Page 15 ---
8
continue to execute its NPEs deleveraging strategy. On 4 April 2019, the European Council adopted a 
“prudential backstop” for NPEs complementing the existing prudential rules (which was subsequently revised 
in August 2019). The purpose of this requirement is to ensure sufficient coverage for NPEs which could require 
the Group to have higher provision coverage for NPEs in the future or make a deduction from own funds and 
given the quantum of NPEs currently on the Group’s balance sheet this could have a material impact on the 
financial condition or results of operations. As a result of the SREP guidance, the Group incurred a €92 million 
CET1 deduction at 30 June 2023 (31 December 2022:  €115 million) which reflects the difference between the 
SREP recommended minimum coverage levels on long term NPE exposures and the International Financial 
Reporting Standard (“IFRS”) 9 ECL NPE cover. Continued delivery of the Group’s NPE strategy is key to 
minimising the impact on capital for the remainder of 2023.
8
The Group is exposed to climate and environmental risks that impact its customers, such as 
extreme weather events and the transition to a low carbon economy
Climate and environmental risk impact in terms of the increasing incidence of extreme and unseasonal weather 
conditions may impact certain sectors in the short-term, for example, the agricultural sector. The impact of a 
longer-term transition to a low carbon economy may also have a significant impact on certain sectors (for 
example extraction industry sectors such as oil, gas and mining). The Group continues to adapt its credit risk 
management processes and policies to capture environmental, social, and governance (“ESG”) risks, including 
key steps taken such as a heat mapping exercise to scale individual sub-sector exposures to levels of climate 
change and environmental risks.
In addition to the impact on other risks, climate and environmental risks have become more prominent due to 
the changing nature of shareholder and societal expectations, the pace and volume of regulatory developments, 
together with the complex interplay between physical and transition risks.
The Group currently has limited exposure to what would be considered “carbon intensive sectors” within the 
exploration and extraction sectors. However, the impact of climate change on the Group’s overall portfolio 
continues to be closely monitored and garners elevated prominence within the Group. Future impacts could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition or results of operations.
9
The Group may have insufficient capital to meet increased minimum regulatory requirements or 
to support its business, which could negatively impact its business, results of operations, financial 
condition or prospects
The Group aims at all times to comply with all regulatory capital requirements and to ensure that it has sufficient 
capital to cover the current and future risk inherent in their business and to support its future development. 
Failure to maintain adequate levels of capital and meet minimum regulatory requirements may threaten the 
viability of the Group and may trigger actions by management under management’s recovery plan for the 
purposes of the Banking Recovery and Resolution Directive (Directive 2014/59/EU as amended by way of 
Directive (EU) 2019/879 (“BRRD II”) (as so amended, the “BRRD”)) or the resolution authority (under relevant 
provisions of the BRRD) to restore the Group to viability which may impact the Group’s operations and/or 
results from financial operations. A lack of sufficient capital to conduct its business activities or meet its 
minimum capital requirements could ultimately lead to the resolution and/or insolvency of the Group.
The Group is subject to minimum capital requirements as set out in Capital Requirements Directive IV 
(Directive 2013/36/EU) (“CRD IV”), the Capital Requirements Directive V (Directive (EU) 2019/878) (“CRD 
V”), which includes amendments to CRD IV (as so amended, “CRD”), and implemented under the Single 
Supervisory Mechanism (“SSM”). The Group’s minimum capital requirement was set at 15.32 per cent. at 30 
June 2023, comprising a Pillar 1 requirement of 8.00 per cent., Pillar 2 requirement of 2.75 per cent. (of which 
1.55 per cent. must be held in Common Equity Tier 1 (“CET1”)), a Capital Conservation Buffer of 2.50 per

--- Page 16 ---
9
cent., an Other Systemically Important Institutions (“O-SII”) buffer of 1.50 per cent. and a Countercyclical 
Capital Buffer (“CCyB”) of 0.56 per cent. In addition, increases in the CcyB have been announced in both the 
UK and ROI. In the UK, a rate of 2 per cent. (equating to an estimated 0.40 per cent. of the Group requirement) 
has applied from July 2023. In ROI, a rate of 0.5 per cent. has applied since 15 June 2023 (0.35 per cent. Group 
requirement) and will rise to 1 per cent. (0.7 per cent. Group requirement) in November 2023 while the Central 
Bank of Ireland has advised a full reintroduction at 1.5 per cent (equating to an estimated 1.05 per cent. Group 
requirement) will be effective in June 2024. 
AIB Bank has a minimum capital requirement currently set at 11.01 per cent at 30 June 2023, comprising a 
Pillar 1 requirement of 8.00 per cent, Capital Conservation Buffer of 2.50 per cent and a CCyB of 0.51 per cent. 
Pillar 2 and O-SII buffer requirements apply to the consolidation Group position only.
As a result of these and other regulatory requirements, banks in the EU have been, and could continue to be, 
required to increase the quantity and the quality of their regulatory capital. Regulators in other jurisdictions may 
in future increase CcyB or other buffer requirements on banks, such as a systemic risk buffer. 
Given this regulatory context and the levels of uncertainty in the current economic environment, there is a 
possibility that the economic results over the Group’s capital planning period may be materially worse than 
expected and/or that losses on the Group’s credit portfolio may be above forecast levels. Were such losses to be 
significantly greater than currently forecast, or capital requirements for other material risks, such as operating 
or financial risks, to increase significantly, there is a risk that the Group’s capital position could be eroded to 
the extent that it would have insufficient capital to meet all or some of its regulatory requirements and 
expectations and to support the current and future risk inherent in its business and its future development.
In addition to the minimum capital requirements as set out in CRD, the Group’s capital position may also be 
impacted by other regulatory processes, such as the redevelopment of internal ratings based (IRB) models and 
calendar provisioning which is a SREP recommendation to ensure minimum coverage levels on long term 
NPEs. The difference between the SREP recommended coverage levels and the IFRS 9 ECL coverage was 
taken as a CET1 deduction of €92 million as at June 2023.
10
Constraints on the Group’s access to liquidity and funding, including a loss of confidence by 
depositors or curtailed access to wholesale funding markets, may result in the Group being 
required to seek alternative sources of funding markets and/or may result in the Group not being 
able to meet its obligations as they fall due without incurring unacceptable costs and being required 
to seek alternative sources of funding
Financial/macro-economic/geopolitical volatility is a key risk driver as a negative macro-economic 
environment can lead to market instability and increased liquidity and funding risk. Consequently, the Group’s 
ability to monetise assets (marketable and non-marketable assets) without incurring a loss could be 
compromised amid the market volatility that would exist against such a backdrop. 
The Group could be negatively affected by actual or perceived deterioration in the soundness of other financial 
institutions and counterparties. This risk is sometimes referred to as “systemic risk” and may adversely affect 
financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, industry payment systems, clearing houses, banks, securities 
firms and exchanges with whom the Group interacts on a daily basis. This could impact the Group’s ability to 
meet its intraday liquidity requirements as the failure of a market participant to meet its payment, clearing, and 
settlement obligations can have a material impact on connected counterparties, and ultimately lead to systemic 
disruption.
Conditions may arise which would constrain liquidity or funding opportunities for the Group on commercially 
practicable terms over the longer term. Currently, the Group funds its lending activities primarily from customer 
accounts. Consequently, a loss of confidence by depositors in the Group, the Irish banking industry or the Irish

--- Page 17 ---
10
economy, could ultimately lead to a reduction in the availability and/or increase in the cost of funding or 
liquidity resources. This could impact the Group’s ability to have the necessary resources in place to fund net 
outflows in the major currencies in which it operates which in turn would put added pressure on cross currency 
funding.
The Group’s funding ratios remain above regulatory minimums (LCR of 164 per cent. and net stable funding 
ratio of 158 per cent.). In addition, the Group’s loan to deposit ratio was 59 per cent. at the end of June 2023.
Concerns around inflation, a slowdown in economic growth, expectations around further tightening of monetary 
policy, debt sustainability and sovereign downgrades in the Eurozone could impact the Group’s deposit base 
and could impede access to wholesale funding markets, adversely impacting the ability of the Group to issue 
debt securities or regulatory capital instruments to the market. Furthermore, execution risk in respect of the 
Group’s MREL issuance plan may arise in light of unexpected market volatility. The Group’s plans for MREL 
issuance continue to be reviewed to align to the regulatory requirements regarding the BRRD. In November 
2022, the Single Resolution Board (“SRB”) determined the MREL for the Group on a consolidated basis at the 
level of its resolution group as 24.32 per cent. of total risk exposure amount (“TREA”) and 7.60 per cent. of 
Leverage Ratio Exposure (“LRE”), to be met by 1 January 2024. This requirement, including the combined 
buffer, is estimated to be 29.4 per cent. by 1 January 2024. As at 30 June 2023, the Group had an actual MREL 
ratio of 31.4 per cent. of TREA, which is in excess of its 1 January 2024 binding target (the Group’s current 
MREL ratio based on LRE of 13.3 per cent is also in excess of the Group’s 1 January 2024 requirement). 
Like all major financial institutions, the Group is also dependent on the short- and long-term wholesale funding 
markets for liquidity. A stable and sustainable customer deposit base has allowed the Group to reduce its 
wholesale funding requirements over the last several years. This, in turn, has facilitated an increase in the 
Group’s unencumbered assets. The Group recognises the restrictions on the transfer of liquidity between 
jurisdictions and separately monitors asset encumbrance by jurisdiction. The Group has also identified certain 
management and mitigating actions which could be considered on the occurrence of a liquidity stress event. 
However, in the unlikely event that the Group exhausted these sources of liquidity it would be necessary to seek 
alternative sources of funding from monetary authorities.
Financial institutions are still at an early stage of use of big data, machine learning and blockchain technology. 
There is a risk that developments in the FinTech space and Open Banking could create increased competition 
for new business and could challenge the Group’s ability to retain existing customers. This could impact the 
Group’s ability to maintain pace in its digital services offering to customers and could ultimately lead to a 
reduction in the availability and/or increase in the cost of funding or liquidity resources.
Unexpected events such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and/or resurgence of COVID-19 or other 
pandemics could lead to a material slowdown in global economic growth. This could lead to a negative impact 
on supply chains, commodities and a drop in tourism. Consequently, market confidence may falter and this 
could lead to a reduction in liquidity resources and a loss in liquidity value of marketable assets.
The Group is required to comply with the liquidity requirements of the SSM/Central Bank and also with the 
requirements of local regulators in jurisdictions in which it operates. 
Additional liquidity requirements or guidance and other requirements, whether based on an interpretation of 
current rules or the application of new rules or guidance being proposed by EU legislators, could be imposed 
on the Group, including as a result of the SREP carried out under the SSM or stress testing by the ECB and the 
EBA. Such additional requirements could include a revision of the level of Pillar 2 add-ons as the Pillar 2 add-
on requirements or guidance are a point-in-time assessment and therefore subject to change over time, or 
changes to the combined buffer requirements applicable. Additional liquidity requirements could lead to 
increased costs for the Group, limitations on the Group’s capacity to lend and further restructuring of the Group

--- Page 18 ---
11
which could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and/or 
prospects of the Group.
11
Downgrades to the AIB and AIB Bank, Ireland’s sovereign or other Irish bank credit ratings or 
outlook could impair the Issuers’ access to private sector funding, trigger additional collateral 
requirements and weaken its financial position
If sentiment towards financial institutions operating in Ireland, including the Group, were to deteriorate, or if 
AIB and AIB Bank’s ratings and/or the ratings of the sector were to be adversely affected, this may have a 
materially adverse impact on the Group. In addition, any such change in sentiment or further reduction in ratings 
could result in an increase in the costs of, and a reduction in the availability of, wholesale market funding across 
the financial sector which could have a material adverse effect on the liquidity and funding of all Irish financial 
services institutions, including the Group.
As at the date of this Base Prospectus:
AIB’s long-term senior unsecured debt is rated BBB (stable outlook) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
(“S&P”) and A3 (stable outlook) by Moody’s Investors Service Limited (“Moody’s”). 
AIB Bank’s long-term senior unsecured debt is rated A (stable outlook) by S&P and A1 (stable outlook) by 
Moody’s. 
Notes issued by AIB will be structurally subordinated to Notes issued by AIB Bank, (See Risk Factor 31 “— 
“AIB is a holding company”)
Long Term Debt Rating
Issuer
S&P
Outlook
Moody’s
Outlook
AIB
BBB
Stable
A3
Stable
AIB Bank
A
Stable
A1
Stable
S&P is registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies (as amended, the “EU CRA Regulation”). Moody’s is 
not established in the European Union but the credit ratings assigned by Moody’s are endorsed by Moody’s 
Deutschland GmbH, which is established in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation. 
Any declines in those aspects of the Group’s business identified by the rating agencies as significant could 
adversely affect the rating agencies’ perception of the Group’s credit and cause them to take negative ratings 
actions. Any downgrade in the Group’s credit ratings could:

adversely impact the volume and pricing of its wholesale funding and its financial position;

trigger material collateral requirements or associated obligations in other secured funding arrangements 
or derivative contracts;

make ineligible or lower the liquidity value of pledged securities and weaken the Group’s competitive 
position in certain markets;

restrict its access to the debt capital and funding markets; and

restrict the range of counterparties willing to enter into transactions with it.

--- Page 19 ---
12
Furthermore, as a consequence of the Group’s operations being focused on the Irish market, any downgrade of 
Ireland’s sovereign credit rating or the perception that such a downgrade may occur, would be likely to depress 
consumer confidence, impair the Group’s access to private sector funding, increase its cost of funding and 
weaken the Group’s financial position. In addition, instability within global financial markets might lead to 
instability in Ireland, which could have a materially adverse impact on the Group’s performance.
12
The Group faces risks associated with the level of, and changes in, interest rates, as well as certain 
other market risks
The following market risks arise in the normal course of the Group's banking business: interest rate risk, credit 
spread risk (including sovereign credit spread risk), foreign exchange rate risk, equity risk and inflation risk. 
Unexpected events such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and/or resurgence of Covid-19 or other 
pandemics can significantly increase market volatility which may impact and increase the likelihood and effect 
of any or all of these risks. Such events typically result in a withdrawal of market liquidity and an increase in 
risk aversion which may result in sharp falls in the prices of assets such as equity and fixed income securities 
and may lead to capital losses on the Group’s trading book and through its fair-valued investment securities in 
its banking book. The Group's earnings are exposed to interest rate risk including basis risk, i.e. an imperfect 
correlation in the adjustment of the rates earned and paid on different products with otherwise similar repricing 
characteristics. Elevated inflation can affect the affordability of the Group’s products to customers in this way. 
For example, the announcements from the ECB to raise interest rates in 2023 due to inflation (with potentially 
further increases) could lead to an increase in default or re-default rates among customers with variable rate 
obligations without sufficient improvements in customers’ earning levels. Widening credit spreads could 
adversely impact the value of the Group’s hold-to-collect-and-sell bond positions.
Trading book risks predominantly result from supporting client businesses with small residual discretionary 
positions remaining. Credit valuation adjustment and funding valuation adjustments to derivative valuations 
arising from customer activity have potentially the largest trading book derived impact on earnings.
Changes in foreign exchange rates, particularly the euro-sterling rate, affect the value of assets and liabilities 
denominated in foreign currency and the reported earnings of the Group’s non-Irish subsidiaries. Any failure to 
manage market risks to which the Group is exposed could have a material adverse effect on its business, 
financial conditions and prospects.
13
The Group’s strategy may not be optimal and/or successfully implemented which may negatively affect the 
Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects
The Group reviewed its strategy during 2020 and presented the outcome of its review to the market in December 
2020. Updated medium-term targets were communicated to the market in December 2022. The Group’s strategy 
may also prove to be based on flawed assumptions regarding the pace and direction of future change across the 
banking sector. The additional demands on the Group’s business to manage the impact of customers that have 
migrated to AIB due to the exits of KBC and Ulster Bank from the Irish market, may have a more detrimental 
impact on the Group’s resources and ability to implement its strategic objectives than currently assumed, 
including the integration of acquired businesses and/or loan portfolios. Finally, the Group may not be successful 
in implementing its strategy in a cost-effective manner. The Group’s business, results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects could be materially adversely affected if any or all of these strategy-related risks were 
to materialise.
The Group primarily operates in competitive markets in Ireland and the UK, with market share and associated 
profits depending on a combination of factors including product range, quality and pricing, reputation, brand 
performance and relative sales and distribution strength, among others.
Medium-term competitive risks include, but are not limited to:

--- Page 20 ---
13

more intense price-based competition from incumbent providers;

an increase in the use of intermediaries in the residential mortgage market;

the emergence of new, lower-cost, competitors in the Irish residential mortgage market, particularly new 
entrants from the FinTech sector;

sustained disintermediation of traditional banks, including the Group, from specialist and generalist 
product lines;

the internationalisation of supply and demand for low-complexity products such as deposits;

the successful establishment of virtual banks; and

the introduction of Directive (EU) 2015/2366 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 25 
November 2015 on payment services in the internal market, which may enable the emergence of 
payment aggregators, which could in turn significantly reduce the relevance of traditional bank platforms 
and weaken brand relationships.
In addition, the Central Bank is focused on the promotion of higher levels of competitive intensity in the banking 
market, in common with regulators in other European jurisdictions. The entry of bank and non-bank competitors 
into the Group’s markets may put additional pressure on the Group’s income streams and/or result in pressure 
to maintain market share, which may lead to reduced pricing and/or increased credit risk, which could have a 
negative impact on the asset quality of the Group’s loan portfolios.
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group has returned to majority private ownership with a free-float 
of 53.1 per cent. following a directed buyback, a share placement through an accelerated book-building process 
with institutional investors and disposals as part of a pre-arranged trading plan. The Irish State’s shareholding 
now stands at 46.9 per cent., which is below 50 per cent. The Minister for Finance has announced an intention 
to further sell down the Irish State’s shareholding and, as such, the Irish State’s shareholding percentage is 
subject to frequent change. Through the AIB Relationship Framework which governs the Group’s day to day 
engagement with the Irish State as a shareholder, the Irish State could exert a significant level of influence over 
the Group. Under the AIB Relationship Framework, while the authority and responsibility for strategy and 
commercial policies (including business plans and budgets) and the conduct of the Group’s day-to-day 
operations rests in all cases with the AIB Board and its management team, AIB , and, where relevant, AIB Bank 
are required, in connection with certain specified aspects of the Group’s activities, to consult with the Irish 
State. The AIB Relationship Framework also grants the Irish State the right, at all times, to nominate up to two 
non-executive directors for appointment to the AIB Board.
The composition of the Irish Government is subject to change depending on the ability of the Irish Government 
to arrive at and maintain an agreed position on its programme, policies and actions, the outcome of elections 
for the Oireachtas (being the Irish legislature) and support by the Oireachtas for that programme and those 
policies and actions. Such changes in Irish Government policy may include changes to AIB’s Relationship 
Framework, which could result in a change in Group strategy directly or negatively affect its implementation. 
See also Risk Factor 3 “—The Group may be adversely affected by the budgetary and taxation policies of the 
Irish, UK and other governments through changes in taxation law and policy” on risks to the Group posed by 
changes in government budgetary and taxation policy. 
14
Damage to the Group’s brand or reputation could adversely affect its relationships with customers, staff, 
shareholders and regulators, and negatively impact the Group’s business, results of operations, financial 
condition or prospects

--- Page 21 ---
14
Damage to the Group’s brand or reputation could adversely affect its relationships with customers, staff, 
shareholders and regulators, which may impact on its ability to attract and retain customers and conduct 
business with counterparties. The Group’s relationships with such stakeholders could be adversely affected by 
any circumstance that causes real or perceived damage to the Group’s brands or reputation. In particular, any 
regulatory investigations, inquiries, litigation, actual or perceived misconduct or poor market practice in relation 
to customer-related issues could damage the Group’s brands and/or reputation. Any damage to the Group’s 
brand and/or reputation could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, 
financial conditions or prospects.
Governance, Operations and Internal Controls
15
The Group may be subject to privacy or data protection failures, cybercrime and fraudulent activity in 
relation to relevant data subject (i.e. customer) personal data, which could result in investigations by 
regulators, liability to data subjects and/or reputational damage, which could negatively impact the Group’s 
business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects
The Group processes significant volumes of customer personal data relating to relevant data subjects including 
name, address, identification and banking details) as part of its business, some of which may also be classified 
under legislation as special category personal data. The Group therefore must comply with strict data protection 
and privacy laws and regulations, including the European Communities (Electronic Communications Networks 
and Services) (Privacy and Electronic Communications) Regulations 2011, as amended (the “ePrivacy 
Regulations”), Regulation 2016/679 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of 
personal data and on the free movement of such data (the “GDPR”) and the Data Protection Act 2018, as 
amended. The GDPR introduced substantial changes to data protection law, including an increased emphasis 
on businesses being able to demonstrate compliance with their data protection obligations, which required 
significant investment by the Group in its compliance strategies. In addition, relevant supervisory authorities 
are given the power to issue fines of up to 4 per cent. of an undertaking’s annual global group turnover or €20 
million (whichever is the greater) for failure to comply with certain provisions of the GDPR. The Presidency 
of the Council of the European Union released revised text of the proposed new ePrivacy Regulation 
(Regulation concerning the Respect for Private Life and the Protection of Personal Data in Electronic 
Communications and Repealing Directive 2002/58/EC (Regulation on Privacy and Electronic 
Communications)) on 6 March 2020. 
The Group also faces the risk of a breach in security of its systems, for example, from increasingly sophisticated 
attacks by cybercrime groups. The Group’s data protection policy is part of the Compliance Risk Management 
Framework and defines the Group’s approach to the effective management of its data protection risks. The 
policy aims to ensure that the Group complies with the spirit and the letter of all laws, codes and regulations 
that apply to the Group in relation to data protection and privacy laws. This policy applies to all staff, 
contractors, consultants, agents or other third parties which have access to personal data either directly or 
indirectly, in the capacity of a data controller and/or data processor. In addition, the Group continues to enhance 
security measures to help prevent cybercrime. Notwithstanding such efforts, the Group is exposed to the risk 
that relevant data subject personal data could be wrongfully appropriated, lost or disclosed, stolen or processed 
in breach of data protection and privacy laws and regulations including as a result of human error. 
The Group relies on remote access services through the internet, or otherwise, by relevant data subjects 
including customers, employees and third-party service providers, and these services have seen increased use 
as a result of hybrid working arrangements. Failure of any of the foregoing parties to access the Group’s systems 
on a systemic or large-scale basis could impact the Group’s ability to operate. Remote access also increases 
inherent exposure to cybercrime, systems compromises or information leaks, in spite of any information 
security technology, protocols, policies or other controls which may be in place.

--- Page 22 ---
15
Any of the abovementioned events could result in the loss for the Group of the goodwill of its customers and 
deter new customers from availing of the services and products provided by the Group, which could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operation and prospects.
16
The Group faces operational risks – including information technology, cyber, change, continuity 
management, outsourcing and cloud computing, products, and property protection and insurance 
risks, which could negatively impact the Group’s business, results of operations, financial 
condition or prospects
Operational risk is the risk arising from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems, or from 
external events. This includes legal risk but excludes strategic and reputational risk.
Examples of the types of risks that the Group faces in this regard include, but are not limited to:
Change & Transformation Risk: The Group’s strategy drives change across the organisation. It is critical that 
this change, and the risks, including transformation risk, associated with it, is managed in a consistent, effective 
and appropriate manner. It is essential that not only the risks within a programme or project to implement change 
are considered, but also the risks that the change may introduce to the wider operational risk profile, both during 
and after the lifecycle of the change. A lack of a strategic, coordinated and comprehensive approach to managing 
change could lead to significant business disruption, customer detriment, financial loss and/or reputational 
damage.
Continuity & Operational Resilience Risk: The risk that vital or critical business services operated by, or on 
behalf of the Group, cannot be maintained or recovered in a timely fashion due to a disruption event. This could 
have an adverse effect on the Group’s ability to deliver services to customers, threaten the stability and viability 
of the Group or orderly operation of the financial system and financial markets. 
The Group is implementing a new model to manage operational resilience risk to align with the Financial 
Conduct Authority’s Operational Resilience rules and guidelines in the UK and the Central Bank Cross Industry 
Guidance on Operational Resilience in Ireland.
Physical Safety & Property Risk: The Group’s provision of products and services are dependent on staff and 
property infrastructure. The current or prospective risk of the loss or damage to the Group's property assets as 
well as the safety of staff and customers could affect the performance of these services, thereby negatively 
impacting its business, financial condition or prospects. For example, the Group is reliant on its branch network 
to distribute its products and a small number of key locations provide back-office services. Damage to any of 
these properties could impact the Group’s business or result in additional financial costs.
The Group has made a number of changes to how staff and property infrastructure are managed, including the 
introduction of a hybrid working model for the majority of staff and buildings being suitably configured in line 
with Government guidelines. If the hybrid working model is not managed appropriately, it could lead to 
disengagement of staff from on-going activities, ultimately resulting in a diminished service to customers.
Products and Proposition Risk: The Group looks to develop appropriate products and propositions. The 
current or prospective risk resulting from poor risk assessment, inappropriate governance, or inadequate 
approach to products and propositions throughout their lifecycle could affect the performance of these services. 
The Group provides products which are covered by consumer protection legislation. A failure to meet regulatory 
standards in consumer protection and/or customer needs, could result in regulatory sanction and take a 
significant amount of resources to rectify. This could have an adverse effect on the Group’s results and on its 
ability to deliver appropriate customer outcomes or to achieve its organisational objectives.
Fraud Risk: The current or prospective fraud risks relate to and may result from the dishonest and false 
representation by any person, internal, external or third parties including acts or omissions with the intention to

--- Page 23 ---
16
make gain or cause loss. This encompasses acts of theft which may be directly from the Group or from the 
Group’s customers. Theft from the Group’s customers could result in financial loss and compensation payments 
and may also result in regulatory sanction, should it be established that the theft was a result of the Group’s 
inadequate internal controls. This could have an adverse effect on the Group's results and on its ability to deliver 
appropriate customer outcomes or to achieve organisational objectives.
Third Party Risk: The Group outsources a number of activities to outsource service providers and has a wide 
range of 3rd Party suppliers from which it procures services. The Group relies on a number of these providers 
for the provision of critical activities in serving customers. If these providers do not perform their services or 
fail to provide services to the Group or renew their licences with the Group, the Group’s business could be 
disrupted and it could incur unforeseen costs and reputational damage. There is an active Third Party 
Management process in the Group which manages these risks and looks specifically at on-going performance 
of suppliers and risks arising from any concentrations that may arise. The Group is engaged with key suppliers 
to ensure on-going service capacity and any contingency plans are in place. Service from suppliers has remained 
consistent and in line with previous periods.
Cyber & Information Security Risk: Information security risk for the Group is the risk of unauthorised access, 
use, disclosure, disruption, modification, or destruction of information, whether malicious or unintentional. 
Specifically, it encompasses the risk of: 

Loss of confidentiality due to unauthorised access and disclosure of information. 

Loss of integrity due to unauthorised modification or destruction of information. 

Loss of availability due to disruption of access to, or use of, information or an information system. 
Cyber risk for the Group is the risk of depending on systems or system elements which exist in, or periodically 
operate within, cyberspace.
IT Risk: The Group is reliant on its technical infrastructure for the provision of systems and services to support 
critical processes and operations. The failure of production infrastructure, applications, networking, storage, 
information assets and resources, and all supporting components, processes and procedures could have an 
adverse effect on the Group’s ability to deliver services to customers and to achieve organisational objectives.
The Group has mobilised a change programme to implement the regulatory requirements set out in the EU 
Digital Operational Resilience Act, which plans to achieve a holistic management of IT resilience risks within 
the Group and across the Group’s third-party supplier landscape.
Data Risk: The Group faces risks associated with failing to appropriately manage and maintain data. This could 
have an adverse effect on quality or accessibility of the data, resulting in poor decision making and inaccurate 
or inadequate internal and external reporting. The Group continues to enhance data governance and reporting 
processes in line with the Principles for Effective Risk Data Aggregation and Risk Reporting.
Legal Risk: The Group faces the risk of sanctions, material financial loss or loss to reputation as a result of 
failure to comply with new or existing laws, changes to laws, as a result of a defective transaction, disputes or 
litigation by or against the Group and failure to take appropriate measures to protect intellectual property and 
its real estate assets.
The Group maintains insurance policies to cover a number of risk events. These include financial policies 
(comprehensive crime/computer crime, professional indemnity/civil liability, employment practices liability, 
and directors’ and officers’ liability) and a suite of general insurance policies to cover such matters as property 
and business interruption, terrorism, combined liability and personal accident. There can be no assurance,

--- Page 24 ---
17
however, that the level of insurance the Group maintains is appropriate for the risks to its business or adequate 
to cover all potential claims.
17
If a poor or inappropriate culture develops across the Group’s business, this may adversely impact its 
performance and impede the achievement of its strategic goals
The Group must continually develop and promote an appropriate culture that drives and influences the activities 
of its business and staff and its dealings with customers in relation to managing and taking risks and ensuring 
risk considerations continue to play a key role in business decisions. It is senior management’s responsibility to 
ensure that the appropriate culture is embedded throughout the organisation. As was demonstrated by many 
banks during the financial crisis, if an inappropriate culture develops, then a strategy or course of action could 
be adopted that results in poor customer outcomes. If the Group is unable to maintain an appropriate culture, 
this could have a negative impact on the Group’s business, result of operations, financial condition and 
prospects.
18
The Group may be unable to recruit and retain appropriately skilled and experienced management 
and staff which could have a negative impact on the Group’s business, result of operations, 
financial condition and prospects
The Group may be unable to recruit and retain appropriately skilled and experienced staff to ensure the stability 
of the business in the long-term. In particular the Group is restricted in the remuneration it can offer to senior 
management which creates a risk that the Group may not be able to attract and retain the right skills and 
experience within key senior management roles. The Group’s performance is heavily dependent on the talents 
and efforts of highly skilled individuals, and the continued ability of the Group to compete effectively and 
implement its strategy depends on its ability to attract new employees and retain and motivate existing 
employees.
The elevated people risk profile, particularly with respect to the recruitment and retention of senior 
management, is likely to continue for the foreseeable future.
Under the terms of the recapitalisation of the Group in 2010 and subsequent changes to remuneration restrictions 
in 2022 by the Irish Government, the Group is required to comply with certain executive pay and compensation 
arrangements. These restrictions include a cap on salaries as well as €20,000 cap per employee per annum on 
bonuses and similar incentive-based compensation as a result of these remaining restrictions in place, as well 
as the limits on certain types of remuneration paid by credit institutions and investment firms set forth in CRD, 
and in the increasingly competitive markets in Ireland and the UK, the Group may not be able to attract, retain 
and remunerate highly skilled and qualified personnel, and any such failure to so attract could have a material 
impact on the Group’s financial condition or results of operations.
19
A deterioration in employee relations could adversely affect the Group’s business, result of operations, 
financial condition and prospects
A significant proportion of the Group’s employees are members of trade unions. The Group adheres to 
established industrial relations mechanisms in each jurisdiction in which the Group operates. The Group seeks 
to ensure transparency, fairness and collaboration in all its dealings with employees. In the event that the Group 
becomes subject to industrial action or other labour conflicts, including strikes or other forms of industrial 
actions, this may lead to a reduced level of service provided by the Group to its customers, which may result in 
reputational damage impacting its business result of operations, financial condition and prospects.
20
The Group uses models across many of its activities and if these models prove to be inaccurate, or 
are used incorrectly then the Group’s management of risk may be ineffective or compromised 
and/or the value of its financial assets and liabilities may be overestimated or underestimated

--- Page 25 ---
18
The Group uses models across many, though not all, of its activities including, but not limited to, capital 
management, credit grading, loan loss provisioning, valuations, liquidity, pricing and stress testing. The Group 
also uses financial models to determine the fair value of derivative financial instruments, financial instruments 
through profit or loss, certain hedged financial assets and financial liabilities and financial assets at fair value 
through other comprehensive income. IFRS 9 has required the Group to move from an incurred loss model to 
an expected loss model, requiring it to recognise not only credit losses that have already occurred but also losses 
that are expected to occur in the future. 
Since the Group uses risk measurement models based on historical observations, there is a risk that it 
underestimates or overestimates exposure to various risks to the extent that future market conditions deviate 
from historical experience. Furthermore, as a result of evolving regulatory requirements, the importance of 
models across the Group’s business has been heightened and their importance may continue to increase, in 
particular because of reforms introduced by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision. If the Group fails to 
identify a model or if the Group’s models do not accurately estimate its exposure to various risks, it may 
experience unexpected losses. The Group may also incur losses, for example, as a result of decisions made 
based on inaccuracies in the build or implementation of these models, as a result of poor data quality or an 
incomplete understanding by users. Model risk levels may also rise as a result of a significantly changing 
environment, as models are built using historical data. Models are kept under regular review to ensure that they 
remain representative of the current environment. For example, a model factor selected at development may no 
longer be a key driver in the current environment.
If the Group’s models are not effective in estimating its exposure to various risks or determining the fair value 
of its financial assets and liabilities or if its models prove to be inaccurate, its business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected.
The Group’s internal ratings-based (“IRB”) credit risk models are subject to ongoing regulatory reviews and 
inspections, which may give rise to additional capital requirements, replacement of IRB models with a 
standardised approach or reputational risk for the Group.
The Group must obtain approval from the ECB in order to implement new IRB models or to change existing 
approved IRB models. New IRB models or those undergoing material changes are subject to reviews and model 
inspections from the ECB and other regulatory bodies in relation to the models prior to receiving approval.
21
The Group is subject to the risk that the funding position of its defined benefit pension schemes could 
deteriorate, requiring it to make additional contributions
The Group faces the risk that the funding position of its defined benefit pension schemes will deteriorate, 
requiring it to make additional contributions, adversely affecting its capital position. The Group maintains a 
number of defined benefit pension schemes for current and former employees. All defined benefit schemes were 
closed to future accruals from 31 December 2013 and staff transferred to defined contribution schemes for 
future pension benefits. In relation to these defined benefit schemes, the Group faces the risk that the funding 
position of the schemes will deteriorate over the longer term. This may require the Group to make additional 
contributions above what is already planned to cover its pension obligations towards current and former 
employees. Furthermore, pension deficits as reported are a deduction from capital under CRD. Accordingly, 
any increase in the Group’s pension deficit may adversely affect its capital position. There could also be a 
negative impact on industrial relations if the funding level of the schemes were to deteriorate.
Each scheme has a separate trustee board and the Group has agreed funding plans to deal with deficits where 
they exist. As part of any funding agreement, the Group engages with each trustee regarding an appropriate 
investment strategy to reduce the risk in that scheme. Irish schemes that are deemed to have a deficit under the 
funding standard as provided under Section 44 of the Pensions Act 1990, as amended (the “Funding Standard”)

--- Page 26 ---
19
must prepare funding plans to address this situation in a timely manner and submit them to the Irish Pensions 
Authority for approval.
Independent actuarial valuations for the AIB Group Irish Pension Scheme and the AIB Group UK Pension 
Scheme are carried out on a triennial basis by the schemes’ actuary, Mercer. The most recent valuation of the 
Irish scheme was carried out on 30 June 2021 and reported the scheme to be in surplus. The next actuarial 
valuation of the Irish scheme will be on 30 June 2024. No deficit funding is anticipated at this time as the Irish 
scheme continues to meet the minimum Funding Standard. The most recent valuation of the UK scheme was 
carried out on 31 December 2020. The next actuarial valuation of the UK scheme will be on 31 December 2023. 
In 2019, the Group and the scheme trustee substantially de-risked the UK scheme by acquiring two insurance 
contracts from Legal and General Assurance Society (“LGAS”), using the majority of the assets of the UK 
scheme. These contracts include a pensioner buy-in contract for the pensioner members and an assured payment 
policy (“APP”) for the deferred members. The Group and the scheme trustee agreed on a revised funding 
arrangement for the UK scheme to support the purchase of the pensioner buy-in contract and the APP. Under 
this funding arrangement, the Group expects to make payments of £18.5 million in 2023, followed by an 
estimated final balancing payment of approximately £27 million, based on latest estimates from LGAS. This 
payment and any related costs are subject to change prior to finalisation.
Pension risk is monitored and controlled in line with the requirements of the Group’s pension risk framework 
and policy. The surplus or deficit calculated in accordance with IAS 19 ‘Employee Benefits’ is monitored on a 
monthly basis by the Group’s risk team and is currently reported monthly in both the financial risk report to the 
Group Assets and Liability Committee (“ALCo”) and the Group Chief Risk Officer (“CRO”) report. A pension 
capital at risk exposure is assessed on a monthly basis and is reported versus a “Group Risk Appetite Statement” 
watch trigger in the CRO report. Pension risk is also included in the semi-annual internal stress test. The output 
of the stress tests is reviewed by ALCo and on an annual basis a report on the internal capital adequacy 
assessment process (ICAAP) is produced which is a comprehensive analysis of the Group’s capital position in 
base and stress scenarios over a three year horizon. This document is reviewed and approved by the Board and 
is submitted to the ECB/Central Bank Joint Supervisory Team. While the Group has taken certain risk mitigating 
actions, a level of volatility associated with pension funding remains due to potential financial market 
fluctuations and possible changes to pension and accounting regulations.
Regulatory and legal risks
22
The Group is required to comply with a wide range of laws and regulations. The constantly evolving 
and increasing complex legal and regulatory landscape significantly increases the risks associated 
with compliance with such laws and regulations. If the Group fails to comply with these laws and 
regulations, it could become subject to regulatory actions
A failure by the Group to comply with all applicable laws, regulations, rules, standards and codes of conduct 
may result in regulatory sanctions, material financial loss or loss to reputation.
The legal and regulatory landscape in which the Group operates is constantly evolving and the risks associated 
with compliance with laws and regulations is increasing. As new laws or regulatory schemes are introduced, 
the Group may be required to invest significant resources in order to comply with the new legislation or 
regulations. Furthermore, the laws and regulations to which the Group is already subject could change as a 
result of changes in interpretation or practice by courts, regulators or other authorities, resulting in higher 
compliance costs and resource commitments, and/or a failure by the Group to implement the necessary changes 
to its business within the time period specified.
AIB (which is the parent company of the Group) is incorporated and has its head office in Ireland. While the 
Central Bank continues to regulate certain areas of the Group’s business, including consumer protection in

--- Page 27 ---
20
Ireland, it is the ECB (together with support from the Central Bank) that has primary responsibility for the 
prudential supervision of the Group. The Group faces risks associated with an uncertain and rapidly evolving 
prudential regulatory environment, pursuant to which it is required, among other things, to maintain adequate 
capital resources and to satisfy specified capital ratios at all times. The Group’s borrowing costs and capital 
requirements could be affected by prudential regulatory developments, including the CRD IV and CRD V, the 
Capital Requirements Regulation II (Regulation (EU) 2019/876) (“CRR II”) which includes amendments to the 
Capital Requirements Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013) (as so amended, the “CRR”) and 
amendments which have been made to the BRRD. The agreed text was published in the Official Journal on 7 
June 2019. CRD V and BRRD II have been transposed into Irish law with the majority of provisions applying 
from 28 December 2020. CRR II has applied since 28 June 2021. The UK-EU Memorandum of Understanding 
on Financial Services Cooperation was recently signed in Brussels. This memorandum will facilitate a forum 
for cooperation between the EU and the UK. Specific to regulatory developments, the forum’s activities will 
include the sharing of information and consultation around planned regulatory and supervisory developments. 
This will ensure the timely identification of cross-border implementation issues to support an on-going shared 
understanding of the relevant regulatory framework.
It is also possible that additional capital and liquidity requirements or guidance and other requirements, whether 
based on an interpretation of current rules or the application of new rules or guidance proposed by EU 
legislators, could be imposed on the Group. Such an instance may occur as a result of the SREP carried out 
under the SSM or stress testing by the ECB and the EBA. Additional requirements could include a revision of 
the level of Pillar 2 add-ons, as the Pillar 2 add-on requirements or guidance are a point-in-time assessment and 
could therefore be subject to change over time, or changes to the combined buffer requirements applicable. See 
Risk Factor 9 “—The Group may have insufficient capital to meet increased minimum regulatory requirements 
or to support its business, which could negatively impact its business, results of operations, financial condition 
or prospects”.
The Group also faces risks and challenges due to interest rate benchmark reform, replacement of LIBOR (from 
1 January 2022, publication of most LIBOR settings ended), reform of EURIBOR and discontinuation of 
EONIA. For example, conduct risk could arise for the Group as a result of changes to customers’ terms and 
conditions for banking products that reference discontinued interest rate benchmarks. For further detail 
regarding changes to benchmarks, see Risk Factor 46 “—The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may 
adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing such “benchmarks”.
The EBA Guidelines on Loan Origination and Monitoring have applied since 30 June 2021, with further dates 
for regulatory implementation. The first set of additional requirements have applied since June 2022 and further 
requirements are to be met by 2024, and specify the internal governance arrangements for granting and 
monitoring of credit facilities throughout their lifecycle. A programme has been mobilised within the Group to 
oversee the implementation of these guidelines which aim to ensure that institutions have robust and prudent 
standards for credit risk taking, management and monitoring, and that newly originated loans are of high credit 
quality.
The Group is subject to the Central Bank macro-prudential measures which are subject to annual review and 
therefore could create further lending restrictions, increasing existing deposit financing thresholds for 
borrowers. See Risk Factor 6 “—Loan-to-value (“LTV”)/Loan-to-income (“LTI”) related regulatory 
restrictions on residential mortgage lending may restrict the Group’s mortgage lending activities and balance 
sheet growth generally”.
The new EU regulation on the minimum coverage for NPEs, as well as the ECB’s guidance on expectations for 
the provisioning of new NPEs should facilitate the disposal of NPEs further down the line, if required. The 
Group’s regulators have stated that banks should be incentivised to build up their provisions as early as possible, 
thus preventing larger losses at a later stage. The Group has put in place a conservative, forward looking and

--- Page 28 ---
21
comprehensive provisioning approach and intends to manage NPEs in accordance with its regulatory 
obligations.
In addition to the above, the Group is also subject to regulatory reviews, such as those on the residential 
mortgage and retail banking sectors. Such reviews may require the Group to modify its business to satisfy new 
or amended regulatory requirements. 
To support the effectiveness of bail-in and other resolution tools, Article 130(1) of the BRRD requires that from 
1 January 2016 Member States apply the BRRD’s provisions requiring EU credit institutions and certain 
investment firms to maintain MREL, subject to the provisions of the MREL regulatory technical standards.
The MREL requirements are determined on a case-by case basis taking into account (i) resolvability; (ii) capital 
adequacy; (iii) sufficiency of eligible liabilities; (iv) participation in a deposit guarantee scheme; (v) business 
risks (business model, funding, risk profile); and (vi) systemic risk (interconnectedness). The SRB has provided 
the Group with its default formula for the MREL target calibration under the new BRRD II legislative 
framework to be complied with by 1 January 2022. The Group continues to monitor changes in MREL 
requirements together with developments in the SRB’s MREL policy, which has the potential to impact the 
Group’s MREL target. 
The Group operates in the UK through its subsidiary, AIB Group (UK) p.l.c. The Group must comply with the 
FCA’s conduct of business rules in so far as they apply to its business carried out in the UK. In the US, the 
Group is subject to federal and state banking and securities law supervision and regulation as a result of the 
banking activities conducted by AIB Bank’s branch in New York. Thus, the Group is required to design and 
implement policies that ensure compliance with legislation promulgated by the FCA and the Prudential 
Regulatory Authority in the UK and the relevant regulatory authorities in the US. 
Failure by the Group to meet regulatory expectations, including in relation to governance, behaviour and 
culture, or repeated breaches of regulation could adversely impact regulatory confidence in how the Group 
conducts its business. Failure to engage appropriately with regulators, risks damaging relations with statutory 
authorities, and could lead to increased regulatory oversight, intrusive supervision and/or restrictions in the 
Group’s authorisations curtailing its ability to operate some of its business. These outcomes could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
Group entities are required to submit data and information to regulatory authorities on a scheduled or ad hoc 
basis which are necessary for effective regulatory oversight and supervision. There is a risk that some data 
required to complete the returns, some of which is required to be manually populated, may not be sufficiently 
reliable. This could result in inaccurate returns being provided to regulatory authorities or submissions of returns 
being delayed. If any failings in regulatory reporting existed and were to be considered as material by regulatory 
authorities, it could result in the Group being subject to sanction or fines for failure to provide accurate returns 
or failure to submit returns within required timeframes, reputational damage and the Group being required to 
conduct data rectification.
There is also a risk that pressures from the media, consumer groups and/or politicians could influence the agenda 
of the ECB, the Central Bank, the FCA or the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”). For instance, a wide-
ranging review of competition within the Irish mortgage sector by the Competition and Consumer Protection 
Commission of Ireland (“CCPC”) took place in 2017 as part of the programme for the Irish Government (a 
similar review having been completed on the UK banking sector in 2016), and in June 2017, the CCPC 
published its report on “options for the Irish mortgage market”. The report, which followed an extensive public 
consultation process outlined a range of options and areas for further study to assist the Irish Government 
develop a better-functioning, competitive and stable mortgage market. The issues of “mortgage switching 
behaviour” and “consumer attitudes to switching” were some of the areas identified in the report as requiring 
further regulatory focus. In this regard, in August 2017, the Central Bank published a consultation paper entitled

--- Page 29 ---
22
“Enhanced Mortgage Measures: Transparency and Switching” proposing to amend the Consumer Protection 
Code 2012 (“CPC”) by introducing enhanced transparency measures for fixed rate interest rate mortgage 
holders. In June 2018, the Central Bank, having considered the responses received from the published 
consultation paper announced that it proposed to introduce new and amend certain existing provisions of the 
CPC to give effect to these enhanced protections by publishing an addendum to the CPC which became effective 
from 1 January 2019.
In July 2018, the Central Bank published the outputs of its review of behaviour and culture in the five main 
retail banks in Ireland, including the Group. The report recommends the introduction of legislation to support 
an individual accountability framework, which would set conduct standards for staff and ensure clearer lines of 
accountability within firms. As a part of such regulatory reviews as those on the mortgage and retail banking 
sectors, as well as the introduction of the Senior Executive Accountability Regime in Ireland, the Group may 
be required to modify its business and the pricing of its products to satisfy new or amended regulatory 
requirements.
Adverse regulatory action or adverse judgments in litigation could result in a monetary fine or penalty, adverse 
monetary judgment or settlement and/or restrictions or limitations on the Group’s operations or result in a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s reputation. The Group may settle litigation or regulatory proceedings 
prior to a final judgment or determination of liability to avoid the cost, management efforts, negative business, 
regulatory or reputational consequences of continuing to contest liability, even when the Group believes that it 
has no liability or when the potential consequences of failing to prevail would be disproportionate to the costs 
of settlement. Furthermore, the Group may, for similar reasons, reimburse counterparties for their losses even 
in situations where the Group does not believe that it is legally compelled to do so.
Additionally, the Group may be subject to future regulatory requirements related to sustainable finance. 
“Sustainable finance” generally refers to the process of taking due account of environmental and social 
considerations when making investment decisions, leading to increased investment in longer-term and 
sustainable activities. The threat and consequences of climate change has necessitated a strong focus on 
legislative change promoting sustainability at EU level.
These legislative proposals and requirements include:

introducing a ‘green supporting factor’ in the EU prudential rules for banks;

amendments to MiFID II and the Insurance Distribution Directive to include sustainability 
considerations into the advice offered to individual clients;

the EBA Guidelines on Loan Origination and Monitoring which require institutions that originate or plan 
to originate green credit facilities to develop specific green lending policies and procedures covering 
granting and monitoring of such credit facilities, which have applied since 30 June 2021;

EU Regulation on Sustainability-Related Disclosures in the Financial Services Sector (“SFDR”) which 
has applied since 10 March 2021 and Irish SI No. 146/2021 enacted on 29 March 2021 which gave effect 
to certain provisions under the SFDR; and

taxonomy/ EU labels for green financial products establishing a classification system and a list of 
environmentally sustainable economic activities.
There is a risk that the Group, which will be impacted by each of the above proposals, will not engage the 
requisite expertise to direct the implementation of these changes or that the required expertise will not be readily 
available. Failure to implement this comprehensive package of measures successfully and within the required 
timeframes could result in regulatory sanction, reputational damage and competitive disadvantage as a result of

--- Page 30 ---
23
not having available suitable products being sought by customers. The Group would also risk mis-selling by its 
possible failure to provide suitable products to match a consumer’s environmental preferences.
23
The Group is subject to increasing regulation and supervision following the introduction of the 
Single Supervisory Mechanism and the bank recovery and resolution framework, which may strain 
its resources
A significant number of regulations have been issued by the various regulatory authorities that regulate the 
Group’s business. The Eurozone’s largest banks, including the Group, are under the direct supervision of, and 
are deemed to be authorised by, the ECB since the introduction on 4 November 2014 of the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism (“SSM”). 
The main aims of the SSM are to ensure the safety and soundness of the European banking system and to 
increase financial integration and stability in Europe. 
A Single Resolution Mechanism (“SRM”) has been introduced, including an SRB, which focuses on resolution 
planning and enhancing resolvability, to avoid the potential negative impacts of a bank failure on the economy 
and financial stability. The requirements of the SRM are set out in the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of 15 July 2014), as amended (the “SRM Regulation”) and the BRRD. The 
SRM Regulation has been fully applicable from 1 January 2016 and the SRB has also been fully operational 
since that date. The BRRD has been implemented in Ireland pursuant to the European Union (Bank Recovery 
and Resolution) Regulations 2015, as amended (the “BRRD Regulations”). The BRRD Regulations, other than 
regulations 79 to 94, came into effect on 15 July 2015. Regulations 79 to 94 came into effect on 1 January 2016. 
The establishment of the SRM is designed to ensure that supervision and resolution are exercised at the same 
level for countries that share the supervision of banks within the SSM. The single resolution fund will be 
financed by bank levies raised at national level. Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of 20 May 2019, amending the SRM 
Regulation, applied from 28 December 2020.
The overarching goal of the bank recovery and resolution framework established by the BRRD/SRM package 
is to break the linkages between national banking systems and sovereigns. The framework is intended to enable 
resolution authorities to resolve failing banks with a lower risk of triggering contagion to the broader financial 
system, while sharing the costs of resolution with bank shareholders and creditors and also minimising cost to 
taxpayers. Among other provisions, the BRRD requires banks to produce a comprehensive recovery plan that 
sets out detailed measures that could be taken to restore the viability of the institution in the event of extreme 
stress. Furthermore, one or more of the Group’s regulators may require the Group to make changes to the legal 
structure of the Group pursuant to its implementation of requirements under the SRM Regulation, the BRRD 
or other applicable law or regulation. 
The Group will have to meet the cost of all levies that are imposed on it in relation to funding the bank resolution 
fund established under the SRM or those that are imposed on it under other applicable compensation schemes 
relating to banks or other financial institutions in financial difficulty. In addition, the challenge of meeting this 
degree of regulatory change will place a strain on the Group’s resources. The challenge of meeting tight 
implementation deadlines while balancing competing resource priorities and demands adds to the regulatory 
risk of the Group. These may also impact significantly on the Group’s future product range, distribution 
channels, funding sources, capital requirements and consequently, reported results and financing requirements.
24
The Group is subject to conduct risk, including changes in laws, regulations and practices of 
relevant authorities and the risk that its practices are challenged under current regulations or 
standards, and if it is deemed to have breached any of these laws or regulations, it could suffer 
reputational damage or become subject to challenges by customers or competitors, or sanctions, 
fines or other actions

--- Page 31 ---
24
The Group is exposed to conduct risk, which the Group defines as the risk that inappropriate actions or inactions 
by the Group cause poor and unfair customer outcomes or negatively impact on market integrity. Certain aspects 
of the Group’s business may be determined by regulators in various jurisdictions or by courts not to have been 
conducted in accordance with applicable local or, potentially, overseas laws and regulations, or in a fair and 
reasonable manner as determined by the local ombudsman. Regulators want senior leaders to drive effective 
cultures that focus on the organisation values and conduct that puts the customer first; they expect to see conduct 
promoted in remuneration policies and disciplinary processes.
The Group is cognisant of its responsibilities regarding wholesale market conduct risk which has been subject 
to increased regulatory scrutiny in recent years. Domestic and European regulators have provided guidance as 
to how regulated entities should manage wholesale market conduct risk, particularly in relation to dealing with 
the impact of external events, managing the increasing complexity in securities markets and the rules that 
govern them and ensuring meaningful transparency for investors and other market participants, in particular on 
costs and fees. As such, the Group continues to respond to changes in this environment and strengthen 
regulatory practices.
If the Group fails to comply with any relevant laws, regulations, or regulatory expectations, it may suffer 
reputational damage and may be subject to challenges by customers or competitors, or sanctions, fines or other 
actions imposed by regulatory authorities. There is also a risk that failure to recognise the impact of increases 
in the cost of living (including higher mortgage rates) on vulnerable customers or those in financial difficulties 
could lead to claims for conduct matters. The Group’s practices may also be challenged under current 
regulations and standards. In such circumstances, the Group may be required to redress customers, may be 
subject to regulatory sanctions, material financial loss or loss to reputation, which may have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.
Risks may also arise for the Group in relation to employee conduct. Regulators expect to see desired behaviours 
and conduct re-enforced at all stages of the employee lifecycle, from recruitment, to training and promotion. 
Poor employee conduct can result in mis-selling, inappropriate actions where a conflict of interest arises, 
internal fraud or otherwise not acting in a customer’s best interest. Such actions may result in the bank having 
to make redress to impacted customers, potential regulatory sanction, adverse media coverage and potential 
reputational damage.
In September 2015, the Central Bank wrote to the Group to inform the Group that it had embarked on the 
Tracker Mortgage Examination. In December 2015, the Central Bank confirmed to the affected lenders that the 
objective of the Tracker Mortgage Examination was to assess compliance with both contractual and regulatory 
requirements relating to tracker mortgages and in circumstances where customer detriment is identified from 
the Tracker Mortgage Examination, to provide appropriate redress and compensation in line with the Central 
Bank’s ‘Principles for Redress’. The Central Bank concluded its enforcement investigation in June 2022 and 
the Group agreed to pay a fine of €96.7 million. The fine was settled prior to 30 June 2022, which brought the 
Central Bank’s Tracker Mortgage Examination to a close. 
In 2020, following a Financial Services and Pensions Ombudsman (“FSPO”) decision in relation to a complaint 
by a customer from the ‘06-09 Ts & Cs who never had a tracker cohort, found that the Group had breached the 
terms of the customer’s mortgage loan contract and directed it to remedy the matter in what the FSPO believed 
was a fair and proportionate manner. The Group accepted the decision in full. Furthermore, the Group decided 
to apply the remedy to all other customers within this cohort, and payments to customers were substantially 
completed by December 2020.
The Group continued to engage with stakeholders during 2023 and a number of related issues also continue to 
exist that have yet to be resolved, including tax liabilities arising that the Group will be required to discharge 
on behalf of impacted customers. Notwithstanding the near completion of payments to customers based on the

--- Page 32 ---
25
FSPO decision, the level of provision required for these other costs has been assessed at €60 million at 31 
December 2022. The resolution of these issues is uncertain, and the final cost could be higher or lower 
depending on the finalisation of such issues.
These issues are subject to uncertainty with a range of outcomes possible and the final outcome being higher or 
lower depending on the finalisation of such issues.
The Group is also required to manage potentially heightened conduct and regulatory risks associated with 
strategic growth, such as the acquisition of Goodbody Stockbrokers UC (“Goodbody”) and the establishment 
of an insurance joint venture, AIB life. Additional regulatory requirements need to be considered along with the 
conduct implications of managing a different customer base, business portfolio and product suite. As a result, 
effective integration with appropriate alignment and oversight between the Group and any such subsidiary or 
joint venture is required to mitigate these risks.
25
The Group is subject to anti-money laundering, counter-terrorist financing, anti-corruption and 
sanctions regulations and, if it fails to comply with these regulations, it may face administrative 
sanctions, criminal penalties and/or reputational damage
The Group is subject to laws and regulations aimed at preventing money laundering, anti-corruption and the 
financing of terrorism. Monitoring compliance with anti-money laundering (“AML”), Countering the Financing 
of Terrorism (“CFT”) and anti-corruption and sanctions rules can put a significant financial burden on banks 
and other financial institutions and requires significant technical capabilities. In recent years, enforcement of 
these laws and regulations against financial institutions has become more intrusive, resulting in several 
landmark fines against financial institutions. In addition, the Group cannot predict the nature, scope or effect of 
future regulatory requirements to which it might be subject or the way existing laws might be administered or 
interpreted. Furthermore, there is a greater focus by regulators on the overall effectiveness of financial 
institutions’ efforts to tackle financial crime beyond issues of mere technical compliance which requires 
constant enhancement of and investment in their overall financial crime response.
The 5th EU Anti-Money Laundering Directive, transposed in part into Irish law by the Criminal Justice (Money 
Laundering and Terrorist Financing) Act 2021, emphasises a “risk-based approach” to AML and CFT and 
imposes obligations on Irish incorporated bodies (such as AIB and AIB Bank) to take measures to compile 
information on beneficial ownership. 
Moreover, global money laundering cases have received increased scrutiny, with a number of major European 
banks implicated in such matters. Since July 2021, the European Union has been working on a comprehensive 
package of legislation aimed at revising and reinforcing the EU's AML & CFT rules (known as the “AML 
Reform Package”). The Group will need to continue to monitor and reflect the changes under AML Reform 
Package in its own policies, procedure and practices, and to update its framework to take account of the risk-
based approach and the relevant technical standards, together with any related industry guidance from 
regulators. Given the scale, nature and complexity of the financial sanctions regimes in the UK, EU and US 
(particularly as a result of the conflict in Ukraine), there remains an increased risk that the Group could find 
itself transacting with customers who could become subject to such sanctions and potentially face the 
consequence of secondary US sanctions as a result of this.
Although the Group has policies and procedures that are designed to comply with applicable AML/CFT, anti-
corruption and sanctions rules and regulations, it cannot guarantee that such policies and procedures completely 
prevent situations of money laundering, terrorist financing, breaches of sanctions or corruption, including 
actions by the Group’s employees, agents, third party suppliers or other related persons for which the Group 
might be held responsible. Any such events may have severe consequences, including litigation, sanctions, fines

--- Page 33 ---
26
and reputational consequences, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects.
26
The Irish legislation and regulations in relation to mortgages, as well as judicial procedures for the 
enforcement of mortgage, custom, practice and interpretation of such legislation, regulations and 
procedures, may result in higher levels of default by the Group’s customers, delays in the Group’s recoveries 
in its mortgage portfolio and increased impairments 
In instances where the Group seeks to enforce security on commercial or residential property (in particular over 
a borrower’s principal dwelling house (“PDH”)), the Group may encounter significant delays arising from 
judicial procedures, which often entail significant legal and other costs. Custom, practice and interpretation of 
Irish legislation, regulations and procedures may also contribute to delays or restrictions on the enforcement of 
security. The courts or legislature in Ireland may have particular regard to the interests and circumstances of 
borrowers in disputes relating to the enforcement of security above or sale of their loans which is different to 
the custom and practice of courts in other jurisdictions. As a result of these factors, enforcement of security or 
recovery of delinquent loans in Ireland may be more difficult, take longer and involve higher costs for lenders 
as compared to other jurisdictions, or it may not be feasible for courts to enforce security. The CPC is designed 
to protect the interests of consumers (as defined in the CPC) and is applicable (in part) to the activities of the 
Group. The CPC sets out specified information which must be provided to borrowers throughout the lifecycle 
of the mortgage product. The CPC requires the Group to, inter alia, act fairly, in the best interests of its 
customers and the integrity of the market, and to comply with the letter and spirit of the CPC. There is a risk 
that the Group may be found to be in breach of CPC provisions due to unforeseen market developments or 
scenarios arising, potentially leading to regulatory sanction and customer restitution.
The Land and Conveyancing Law Reform (Amendment) Act 2019 (“LCLRA”) which came into force on 1 
August 2019 provides further protections for homeowners in residential mortgage difficulties. Courts must take 
into account a range of factors set out in the LCLRA when considering whether or not to grant an order for 
possession in respect of a borrower's PDH and may take these factors into account when considering whether 
to make any other order it considers appropriate in the circumstances. While many of the now statutory-imposed 
considerations are ones a court already had taken into account, the LCLRA reinforces the special status of a 
PDH in residential mortgage arrears proceedings in Ireland and the Irish Government’s policy objective that 
repossession of a defaulting borrower’s PDH should be an action of last resort. In enforcement proceedings 
affecting a PDH, lenders must now be prepared to demonstrate reasonable conduct towards seeking a 
sustainable solution with the borrower. As a result, the Group may face certain additional restrictions on its 
ability to collect or enforce mortgages that are in arrears. This could result in delays in the Group’s recoveries 
in respect of its mortgage portfolio and increased impairments. Legislation has also been introduced with regard 
to loans sold to third parties under the Consumer Protection (Regulation of Credit Servicing Firms) Act 2018, 
which regulates third party loan acquirers and may give rise to further implications for future loan sales 
undertaken by the Group. 
It is unclear whether any legislation in respect of the foregoing (either in the proposed form or a different form) 
will be enacted or whether further legislative initiatives to regulate the Irish mortgage market will be introduced. 
If enacted, any further legislation could potentially impact the Group. 
The Irish Government may also seek to influence how credit institutions set interest rates on mortgages, may 
amend the Personal Insolvency Act 2012 to reduce the entitlements currently afforded to mortgage holders 
thereunder or may enact other legislation or introduce further regulation that affects the rights of lenders in 
other ways which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and 
prospects. Furthermore, the laws and regulations to which the Group is already subject could change as a result 
of changes in interpretation or practice by courts, regulators or other authorities.

--- Page 34 ---
27
In common with other residential mortgage lenders, the Group faces increased supervisory engagement and 
focus by the Irish Government, the Oireachtas and regulators, such as the Central Bank and the CCPC, on its 
loan book, in particular its residential mortgage book, with respect to such matters as the interest rates it charges 
on loans. This could result in increased regulation of the Group’s loan book which may impact the Group’s 
level of lending, interest income and net interest margin and/or increased operational costs.
Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, 
financial condition and prospects.
27
The BRRD contains resolution tools and other measures that may have a material adverse effect on the 
Group and Noteholders
While the SRB has indicated its Preferred Resolution Strategy (“PRS”) for the Group is single point of entry 
bail-in through AIB Group plc, the BRRD is designed to provide relevant authorities with a credible set of tools 
to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing credit institution so as to ensure the continuity 
of the institution’s critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of a credit institution’s 
failure on the economy and financial system.
The BRRD also equips the resolution authority with certain resolution powers (the “Resolution Tools”) in 
circumstances where, in addition to certain other conditions being satisfied, either AIB Group plc, as the 
financial holding company of the Group, or certain of its subsidiaries is failing or is likely to fail to: 

transfer to a purchaser shares, other instruments of ownership and/or all specified assets, rights or 
liabilities of the credit institution (known as the “sale of business tool”); 

transfer all or specified assets, rights or liabilities of the credit institution to a bridge institution which is 
wholly or partially owned by public authorities (known as the “bridge institution tool”); 

transfer assets, rights or liabilities to a legal entity which is wholly or partially owned by public 
authorities for the purpose of sale or otherwise ensuring that the business is wound down in an orderly 
manner, to be applied in conjunction with another resolution tool (known as the “asset separation tool”); 
and/or

write down the claims of unsecured creditors (including the Noteholders) of an institution and convert 
debt to equity or other instruments of ownership (including the Notes), with, in broad terms, the first 
losses being taken by shareholders and thereafter by subordinated creditors (including the holders of 
Subordinated Notes) and then senior creditors (including the holders of Senior Notes, Senior Preferred 
Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes), with the objective of recapitalising an institution (known as the 
“General Bail-In Tool”).
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and exhausted the above 
resolution tools to the maximum extent possible while maintaining financial stability, to be able to provide 
extraordinary public financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the public 
equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be 
provided in accordance with the EU state aid framework and is subject to the condition that a contribution to 
loss absorption and recapitalisation equal to an amount not less than 8 per cent. of total liabilities, including 
own funds of the institution under resolution, has been made by the shareholders and the holders of other 
instruments of ownership, the holders of relevant capital instruments and other eligible liabilities through write 
down, conversion or otherwise.
An entity will be considered as failing or likely to fail when it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in breach 
of its requirements for continuing authorisation; its assets are, or are likely in the near future to be, less than its

--- Page 35 ---
28
liabilities; it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or it requires 
extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances).
The SRB may exercise the Resolution Tools with respect to the Group. In addition, the Bank of England, as 
resolution authority for AIB Group (UK) p.l.c. (“AIB UK”), could resolve the UK operations under the Banking 
Act in the UK, many of the provisions of which relating to resolution are similar to those in the BRRD, which 
could result in losses being transferred up to AIB through its share ownership and intercompany debt. The PRS 
is a group-wide concept involving a single point of entry through AIB Group plc and is executed by the SRB 
in consultation with the ECB and national resolution authorities.
Amongst other provisions, the BRRD contains a statutory write-down and conversion power to write down or 
to convert into equity the relevant Issuer’s capital instruments (which would include the Subordinated Notes) 
if certain conditions are met (the “Write-Down Tool”). The Write-Down Tool would be applicable, in particular, 
if the resolution authority determines that, unless the Write-Down Tool is applied, the relevant Issuer or its 
Group will no longer be viable or if a decision has been made to provide the relevant Issuer or its Group with 
extraordinary public financial support without which the relevant Issuer or its Group will no longer be viable.
In respect of the Write-Down Tool, which was implemented for Additional Tier 1 instruments and Tier 2 
instruments (each as defined in the European Union (Bank Recovery and Resolution) Regulations 2015, as 
amended) with effect from 15 July 2015, and the General Bail-In Tool, which was implemented in Ireland on 1 
January 2016, the resolution authority has the power, upon certain trigger events, to cancel existing shares, to 
write down eligible liabilities (i.e. own funds instruments and, in the case of the General Bail-In Tool, other 
subordinated debt and senior debt, subject to exceptions in respect of certain liabilities) of a failing relevant 
entity or to convert such eligible liabilities of a failing relevant entity into equity or other instruments of 
ownership at certain rates of conversion representing appropriate compensation to the affected holder for the 
loss incurred as a result of the write down and conversion. Any such compensation may not compensate that 
holder for the losses it has actually incurred and there may be a considerable delay in the recovery of such 
compensation. Compensation payments (if any) may also be made considerably later than when amounts may 
otherwise have been payable under the Notes. Any shares issued to holders of Subordinated Notes may also be 
subject to any future application of the General Bail-In Tool. Where a relevant entity meets the conditions for 
resolution, the resolution regulator and/or authority will be required to apply the Write-Down Tool before 
applying the Resolution Tools. Any write down or conversion will, broadly, observe the following order: CET1 
instruments will be reduced first, followed by, in order, Additional Tier 1 instruments and Tier 2 instruments. If 
further reductions are required under the General Bail-In Tool, these shall first apply to other subordinated 
claims and then bail-in-able senior claims, each in accordance with the normal insolvency hierarchy. This 
application may result in such holders losing some or all of their investment.
Any write down or conversion of amounts in accordance with the Write-Down Tool will not constitute an event 
of default under the terms of the relevant instruments. Consequently, any amounts so written down will be 
irrevocably lost and the holders of such instruments will cease to have any claims thereunder, regardless whether 
or not the credit institution’s financial position is restored. Pursuant to the BRRD, resolution authorities must 
ensure when applying the Resolution Tools that creditors do not incur greater losses than they would have 
incurred if the credit institution had been wound down in normal insolvency proceedings. Furthermore, one or 
more of the Group’s regulators may require the Group to make changes to the legal structures and/or business 
model of the Group pursuant to its implementation of requirements under the SRM Regulation, the BRRD or 
other applicable law or regulation.
The Resolution Tools could be used to impose losses on holders of Senior Notes, Senior Preferred Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and could result in holders of such Notes losing some or all of their investment. 
The exercise of any such power or any suggestion or anticipation of such exercise could, therefore, materially 
adversely affect the value of the Senior Notes, Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes.

--- Page 36 ---
29
The powers set out in the BRRD will impact how relevant entities are managed as well as, in certain 
circumstances, the rights of creditors. Under the BRRD, holders of Notes may be subject to write down or 
conversion into equity on any application of the General Bail-In Tool or in the case of Subordinated Notes non-
viability loss absorption, which may result in such holders losing some or all of their investment.
In addition, the BRRD and the SRM Regulation may severely affect the rights of the holders of Subordinated 
Notes which may result in the loss of the entire investment represented by the Subordinated Notes in the event 
of non-viability. The exercise of any such power or any suggestion or anticipation of such exercise could, 
therefore, materially adversely affect the value of the Subordinated Notes. Furthermore, the exercise of the 
Write-Down Tool in respect of the Subordinated Notes or any suggestion or anticipation of such exercise could 
materially adversely affect the value of the Subordinated Notes.
28
The SRB or SSM may take actions which require the Group to change, or otherwise result in the Group 
changing, its legal structure, or take other actions which could have a significant impact on the Group’s 
operations, structure, costs and/or capital requirements
SRB role in resolution planning 
Pursuant to the SRM Regulation, on 1 January 2016, the SRB became responsible for drawing up the Group’s 
resolution plan providing for resolution actions that may be taken if the Group were to fail or be likely to fail. 
In drawing up the Group’s resolution plan, the SRB identifies any material impediments to the Group’s 
resolvability. Where necessary, the SRB may instruct that actions are taken to remove such impediments. 
These actions may include (but are not limited to):

legal restructuring of the Group, which could lead to high transaction costs, or could make the Group’s 
business operations or its funding mix less optimally composed or more expensive; 

issuing additional liabilities at various levels within the Group to ensure that there is sufficient loss-
absorbing and recapitalisation capacity in place and that adequate arrangements are in place to meet the 
Group’s funding and liquidity needs throughout the resolution. This may result in higher capital and 
funding costs for the Group, and thus adversely affect the Group’s profits and its ability to pay dividends; 

reviewing and amending the Group’s contracts for the purposes of ensuring (i) continuity of business 
operations, and (ii) that such contracts do not cause any impediments to the resolvability of the Group. 
This may result in additional costs and operational complexity for the Group; and 

requiring the Group to enhance its data infrastructure and management information systems to facilitate 
an expeditious valuation of its assets and liabilities over the course of the resolution event.
If the SRB is of the view that the measures proposed by the Group would not effectively address the 
impediments to resolvability, the SRB may direct the Group to take alternative measures as outlined in the SRM 
Regulation.
The SRB has communicated to all banks under its remit areas of focus where potential impediments to 
resolvability could arise. The Group has initiated programs to work to mitigate any such potential impediments. 
In addition, the SRB has communicated that its preferred resolution strategy for the Group is single point of 
entry bail-in through AIB. 
SSM role in Recovery planning 
The BRRD sets out functions of the SSM (as consolidated supervisor of the Group) with respect to the drawing 
up and maintenance by AIB on a Group basis of a recovery plan which must set out measures to be taken by 
AIB to restore its financial position following a significant deterioration of that position. An assessment by the

--- Page 37 ---
30
SSM of such recovery plan proposed by the Group may result in the Group being required to address any 
material deficiencies in the recovery plan or any material impediments to its implementation. Failure by the 
Group to satisfy such direction may result in the SSM taking measures against the Group, including, but not 
limited to, directing the Group to do one or more of the following:

reduce its risk profile; 

enable timely recapitalisation measures; 

review its strategy and structure; 

make changes to its funding strategy so as to improve the resilience of its business lines and critical 
functions; and/or

make changes to its governance structure. 
Any further changes to be implemented in respect of the SRM Regulation and the BRRD may have an effect 
on the Group’s business, financial condition or prospects. Failure by the Group to implement those changes and 
requirements may result in regulatory action such as increased regulatory capital levels, monetary fines or other 
sanctions and penalties. Depending on the specific nature of the changes and requirements and how they are 
enforced, such changes and requirements could have a significant impact on the Group’s operations, structure, 
costs and/or capital requirements.
29
EU proposal on depositor preference
On 18 April 2023, the European Commission published a proposal for the further amendment of the BRRD, 
including, among other things, the amendment of the ranking of claims in insolvency to provide for a general 
depositor preference, pursuant to which the insolvency laws of Members States would be required by the BRRD 
to extend the legal preference of claims in respect of deposits relative to ordinary unsecured claims to all 
deposits. The implementation of this proposal is subject to further legislative procedures, but if it is implemented 
in its current form, this would mean that the Senior Preferred Notes issued by AIB Bank will rank junior to the 
claims of all depositors of AIB Bank, including deposits of large corporates and other deposits that are not 
currently given priority over ordinary unsecured claims in respect of AIB Bank. Such deposits would, therefore, 
no longer absorb losses pari passu with the Senior Preferred Notes issued by AIB Bank in the event of a 
winding-up or resolution of AIB Bank. Any such general depositor preference, if implemented in Ireland, can 
be expected to have a direct impact on the relative losses imposed on holders of Senior Preferred Notes issued 
by AIB Bank in a winding-up of AIB Bank as well as in a resolution of AIB Bank under the European Union 
(Bank Recovery and Resolution) Regulations 2015 and 2019, as such resolution powers (including the 
application of the General Bail-In Tool) ought to be used in a manner that respects the hierarchy of claims in an 
ordinary insolvency. Indeed, one of the stated objectives of this proposed amendment is to reduce the likelihood 
of deposits generally needing to be included in any application of the General Bail-In Tool, and improve the 
process for the application of the General Bail-In Tool. As the relevant deposits would no longer absorb losses 
pari passu with the Senior Preferred Notes issued by AIB Bank, the quantum of losses borne by such Senior 
Preferred Notes may materially increase in the event of a winding-up or resolution of AIB Bank. Accordingly, 
if such general depositor preference is implemented in Ireland, then in the event of a winding-up or resolution 
of AIB Bank, holders of Senior Preferred Notes issued by AIB Bank may recover less (if any) of their investment 
in such Senior Preferred Notes than if such general depositor preference had not been implemented. In addition, 
the implementation of the proposal on depositor preference could result in a downgrade in any credit ratings 
assigned to the Issuers and/or the Notes, in particular Senior Preferred Notes issued by AIB Bank.

--- Page 38 ---
31
30
Risk of litigation arising from the Group’s activities
The Group operates in a legal and regulatory environment that exposes it to potentially significant litigation 
and regulatory risks. Disputes and legal proceedings in which the Group may be involved are subject to many 
uncertainties, and the outcomes of such disputes are often difficult to predict, particularly in the early stages of 
a case or investigation. For example, litigation has been served on the Group by customers that are pursuing 
claims in relation to the Tracker Mortgage Examination (see Risk Factor 24 “—The Group is subject to conduct 
risk, including changes in laws, regulations and practices of relevant authorities and the risk that its practices 
are challenged under current regulations or standards, and if it is deemed to have breached any of these laws 
or regulations, it could suffer reputational damage or become subject to challenges by customers or 
competitors, or sanctions, fines or other actions” for further information). In the future, further legal claims 
may also be served, and further complaints may be referred by customers to the FSPO for adjudication in 
relation to the Tracker Mortgage Examination. These outcomes are uncertain and unpredictable. 
Adverse regulatory action or adverse judgments in litigation or FSPO decisions could result in a monetary fine 
or penalty, adverse monetary judgment or settlement and/or restrictions or limitations on the Group’s operations 
or result in a material adverse effect on the Group’s reputation.
During the period from 2002 to 2006 the Group sold a series of investment property funds, known as Belfry, 
which subsequently incurred losses to approximately 2,500 individual investors (approximately £214 million 
invested). The Group settled claims from certain of those investors in 2021 which resulted in a €25 million 
charge including amounts for legal and settlement costs. Following this, the Group instigated a programme to 
review the suitability of advice outcomes for individual investors to determine if redress may be due in certain 
instances. Based on an initial assessment, a provision was also recorded for €75 million in June 2021.
Following the approval by the Board during 2022 of the customer treatment methodology and the close out of 
the individual case assessments, the initial provision recorded in 2021 was reassessed and increased by €82 
million for the cost of redress. Furthermore, associated costs required to conclude the redress programme were 
estimated at €12 million and were separately provided for. Following utilisations during the year, the closing 
provision was €79 million at 31 December 2022. 
In 2023, the provision for the customer redress was further reassessed, principally as a result of additional 
information obtained during the period and increased by €59 million. Payments to impacted customers are 
ongoing with the Group making payments of €70 million in 2023. The provision for associated costs was also 
reassessed and increased by €4 million and €7 million of the provision was utilised during the period.
While the Group’s best estimate of the provision at 30 June 2023 is €65 million, the final cost is subject to some 
uncertainty with a range of possible outcomes and the final cost may be higher or lower depending on the 
finalisation of all associated matters.
Risks Related to the Notes
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of certain such features:
31
AIB is a holding company
The Notes issued by AIB are the obligation of AIB only. AIB is a holding company and conducts substantially 
all of its operations through its subsidiaries, including AIB Bank, and accordingly the claims of the Noteholders

--- Page 39 ---
32
under the Notes issued by AIB will be structurally subordinated to the creditors of the AIB’s subsidiaries, 
including claims of the Noteholders under Notes issued by AIB Bank. AIB’s subsidiaries are separate and 
distinct legal entities, and have no obligation to pay any amounts due or to provide AIB with funds to meet any 
of AIB’s payment obligations under the Notes. AIB’s rights to participate in the assets of any subsidiary if such 
subsidiary is liquidated will be subject to the prior claims of such subsidiary’s creditors and any preference 
shareholders, except in the circumstance where AIB is also a creditor of such subsidiary with claims that are 
recognised to be ranked ahead of or pari passu with such claims. Accordingly, if one of AIB’s subsidiaries, 
including AIB Bank, were to be wound up, liquidated or dissolved, (i) the holders of Notes issued by AIB would 
have no right to proceed against the assets of such subsidiary, and (ii) AIB would only recover any amounts 
(directly, or indirectly through its holdings of other subsidiaries) in the liquidation of that subsidiary in respect 
of its direct or indirect holding of ordinary shares in such subsidiary, if and to the extent that any surplus assets 
remain following payment in full of the claims of the creditors and preference shareholders (if any) of that 
subsidiary.
As well as the risk of losses in the event of a Group subsidiary’s insolvency, AIB may suffer losses if any of its 
loans to, or investments in, its subsidiaries are subject to statutory write-down and conversion powers or if the 
subsidiary is otherwise subject to resolution proceedings. AIB may in the future make loans to AIB Bank and 
its other subsidiaries, with the proceeds received from AIB’s issuance of debt instruments. Where securities 
issued by AIB have been structured so as to qualify as capital instruments under CRD, the terms of the 
corresponding on-loan to AIB Bank may be structured to achieve equivalent regulatory capital treatment for 
such subsidiary. Accordingly, loans to AIB Bank may contain contractual mechanisms that, upon the occurrence 
of a trigger related to the prudential or financial condition of the Group or such subsidiary, would automatically 
result in a write-down or conversion into equity of such loans.
AIB retains its absolute discretion to restructure such loans to (or any other investments in) any of its Group 
subsidiaries, including AIB Bank, at any time and for any purpose including, without limitation, in order to 
provide different amounts or types of capital or funding to such subsidiary as part of meeting regulatory 
requirements, including the implementation of MREL or the total loss absorbing capacity in respect of the 
Group and the relevant subsidiaries. A restructuring of a loan or investment made by AIB in a Group subsidiary 
could include changes to any or all features of such loan, including its legal or regulatory form, how it would 
rank in the event of resolution and/or insolvency proceedings in relation to the Group subsidiary, and the 
inclusion of a mechanism that provides for an automatic write-down and/or conversion into equity upon 
specified triggers. Any restructuring of AIB’s loans to any of the Group subsidiaries may be implemented by 
AIB without prior notification to, or consent of, the Noteholders. 
32
Credit ratings assigned to AIB and/or any Notes issued by AIB may be lower than the credit ratings 
assigned to AIB Bank and/or any Notes issued by AIB Bank
The credit ratings assigned by certain rating agencies to AIB and/or any Notes issued by AIB may or may be 
expected to be lower than the credit ratings assigned to AIB Bank and/or any Notes issued by AIB Bank. A 
lower credit rating generally reflects the view of the assigning rating agency that an investment in the relevant 
entity or the relevant securities carries greater risk. An investment carrying greater risk may bear interest at a 
higher rate than investments which are, or are perceived to be, less risky, but there may be an increased risk that 
such investment will not perform or be repaid. There may also be increased volatility or reduced liquidity in

--- Page 40 ---
33
any secondary market for higher-risk investments, and the market price of investments may reflect the actual 
or perceived difference in risk.
33
Notes subject to optional redemption by the relevant Issuer
If Call Option is specified as being applicable on the Notes, the Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity at the option of the relevant Issuer (either in whole or in part), subject to the terms and conditions 
applicable to such redemption.
If Clean-up Call Option is specified as being applicable on the Notes, subject to the terms and conditions 
applicable to such redemption, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the relevant Issuer (in whole) where 
the Clean-up Call Minimum Percentage (or more) of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes originally 
issued has been redeemed or repurchased and subsequently cancelled. 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the relevant 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, or during any period in which there is an actual or perceived increase in the 
likelihood that the relevant Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes in the future, the market value of those Notes 
generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This may also be true prior 
to any redemption period.
The relevant Issuer may redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes at 
times when the redemption proceeds are less than the current market value of the Notes. At those times, an 
investor would generally not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as 
the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate.
In the case of Subordinated Notes or applicable Senior Notes, Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes which are issued as Green or Social Bonds, please also see Risk Factor 44 “—Notes issued as Green or 
Social Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green assets”.
34
Subordinated Notes subject to redemption for regulatory reasons
Subordinated Notes may be redeemed for regulatory reasons in accordance with Condition 5(d) of the 
Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event (as defined in Condition 16 of the 
Subordinated Notes). In the event of a redemption for regulatory reasons, there can be no assurance that an 
investor will be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate 
on the Subordinated Notes being redeemed. In addition, there can be no assurance that the market value of the 
Subordinated Notes immediately prior to notice of the redemption for regulatory reasons being given will not 
be higher than the price at which they can be redeemed. Conversely, the market price of Subordinated Notes 
may be affected following the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event or as a result of the perception 
that the right to redeem for regulatory reasons may be triggered in the future.
35
Certain Notes subject to redemption following a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event
As the implementation of any further amendments to MREL under the BRRD is subject to the adoption of 
further secondary legislation and implementation in Ireland, there can be no assurance that Loss Absorption 
Notes or Subordinated Notes (if applicable) will qualify in full towards the relevant Issuer’s, or the Regulatory 
Group’s (as defined in Condition 16 of the Senior Notes, Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and Condition 16 of the Subordinated Notes), minimum requirements for (A) own funds and eligible 
liabilities and/or (B) loss absorbing capacity instruments, in each case as such minimum requirements are 
applicable to the relevant Issuer and/or the Regulatory Group.
Further, if at any time a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event (as defined in Condition 16 of the Senior Notes, 
Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Condition 16 of the Subordinated Notes) occurs

--- Page 41 ---
34
and is continuing in relation to any Series of Notes, and if the relevant Final Terms specify that the relevant 
Issuer has the option to redeem such Notes upon the occurrence of a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event, 
the relevant Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes of such Series in accordance with Condition 
5(c) of the Senior Notes, Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Condition 5(e) of the 
Subordinated Notes at the applicable Early Redemption Amount, together with any accrued but unpaid interest 
up to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
In the event of such a redemption, there can be no assurance that an investor will be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed. In 
addition, there can be no assurance that the market value of the Notes immediately prior to notice of the 
redemption being given will not be higher than the price at which they can be redeemed. Conversely, the market 
price of Notes may be affected following the occurrence of a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event or as a 
result of the perception that such right to redeem may be triggered in the future. 
36
Redemption for Taxation Reasons
On the occurrence of a tax event (as described in Condition 5(b) of the Senior Notes, Senior Preferred Notes 
and Senior Non-Preferred Notes or, as applicable, the Subordinated Notes), the relevant Issuer may, at its option 
(but subject to certain conditions, including, in the case of Subordinated Notes, Condition 5(j) and, in the case 
of Loss Absorption Notes, Condition 5(j)) redeem all, but not some only, of any relevant Series of Notes at the 
applicable Early Redemption Amount, together with any accrued but unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the 
date fixed for redemption. 
37
Substitution or variation of Notes
If, in the case of any Series of Subordinated Notes, “Substitution and Variation” is specified as being applicable
in the relevant Final Terms, then following the occurrence of a Tax Event, Capital Disqualification Event or, if 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event, the relevant Issuer may, subject 
as provided in Condition 5(k)(ii) of the Subordinated Notes and without the need for any consent of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute all (but not some only) of such Series of Subordinated Notes for, 
or vary the terms of such Series of Subordinated Notes so that they remain or become, Tier 2 Compliant Notes 
(as defined in Condition 16 of the Subordinated Notes). 
If, in the case of any Series of Notes which are Loss Absorption Notes, “Substitution and Variation” is specified 
as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then following the occurrence of a Loss Absorption 
Disqualification Event, the relevant Issuer may, subject as provided in Condition 5(k)(ii) of the Senior Notes, 
Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes and without the need for any consent of the Noteholders
or the Couponholders, substitute all (but not some only) of such Series of Notes for, or vary the terms of such 
Series of Notes so that they remain or become, Loss Absorption Compliant Notes (as defined in Condition 16 
of the Senior Notes, Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
While Tier 2 Compliant Notes or Loss Absorption Compliant Notes, as the case may be, must otherwise contain 
terms that are not materially less favourable to Noteholders than the original terms of the relevant Notes, there 
can be no assurance that the terms of any Tier 2 Compliant Notes or Loss Absorption Compliant Notes, as the 
case may be, will be viewed by the market as equally favourable to Noteholders, or that such Notes will trade 
at prices that are equal to the prices at which the Notes would have traded on the basis of their original terms.
No assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect any particular holder. In 
addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such substituted or varied Notes could be different
for some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding such Notes
prior to such substitution or variation.

--- Page 42 ---
35
38
Resettable Notes
In the case of any Notes that are Resettable Notes, the rate of interest on such Resettable Notes will be reset by 
reference to the then prevailing Mid-Swap Rate, as adjusted for any applicable margin, on the reset dates 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. This is more particularly described in Condition 4(b)(i) of the Senior 
Notes, Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes. The reset of the 
rate of interest in accordance with such provisions may affect the secondary market for, and the market value 
of, such Resettable Notes. Following any such reset of the rate of interest applicable to Resettable Notes, the 
new rate may be lower than the previous rate of interest. 
39
The relevant Issuer’s obligations under the Subordinated Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
are subordinated as described in the Conditions
The relevant Issuer’s obligations under the Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and subordinated and will 
rank junior in priority to the claims of Senior Creditors (as defined in Condition 16 of the Subordinated Notes). 
Although Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which are not 
subordinated, there is an increased risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of their 
investment should the Subordinated Notes become subject to the Write-Down Tool when the relevant Issuer is 
failing or likely to fail or the relevant Issuer becomes insolvent or subject to the Resolution Tools. These risks 
apply equally to Subordinated Notes which are issued as Green or Social Bonds. See Risk Factor 27 “—The 
BRRD contains resolution tools and other measures that may have a material adverse effect on the Group and 
Noteholders”.
The claims of Holders of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will rank after the claims of Holders of Senior 
Preferred Notes and other unsubordinated creditors of AIB Bank but before the claims of Holders of 
Subordinated Notes. The same risks are therefore also applicable to Holders of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
as those set out above for Subordinated Notes, save that Senior Non-Preferred Notes rank above Subordinated 
Notes.  
40
Limited remedies for non-payment in respect of Subordinated Notes and certain Senior Notes, 
Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes
The sole remedy against the relevant Issuer available to the Trustee or any Noteholder or Couponholder for 
recovery of amounts owing in respect of or arising under any Subordinated Notes will be the institution of 
proceedings for the winding up of the relevant Issuer in Ireland but not elsewhere and/or proving in any 
Winding-Up. 
Similarly, in respect of any Senior Notes, Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes where the 
relevant Final Terms specify “Restricted Events of Default” as being applicable, the sole remedy against the 
relevant Issuer available to the Trustee or any Noteholder or Couponholder for recovery of amounts owing in 
respect of or arising under such Senior Notes, Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be 
the institution of proceedings for the winding up of the relevant Issuer in Ireland but not elsewhere and/or 
proving in any Winding-Up. 
As the remedies available to holders of Subordinated Notes or of Senior Notes, Senior Preferred Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes with restricted events of default are restricted as described above, the enforcement 
rights of holders’ in respect of these Notes are extremely limited.
In the case of Subordinated Notes or applicable Senior Notes, Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes which are issued as Green or Social Bonds, please also see Risk Factor 44 “—Notes issued as Green or 
Social Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green or social assets”.

--- Page 43 ---
36
41
No limitation on issuing senior or pari passu securities
There is no restriction on the amount of securities or other liabilities which the relevant Issuer (or other members 
of the Group) may issue or incur and which rank senior to, or pari passu with, Subordinated Notes or, for AIB 
Bank only, Senior Non-Preferred Notes. The issue of any such securities or the incurrence of any such other 
liabilities may reduce the amount (if any) recoverable by holders of Subordinated Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes on a Winding-Up.
42
Limitation on gross-up obligation under Subordinated Notes and Loss Absorption Notes
The relevant Issuer’s obligation to pay additional amounts in respect of any withholding or deduction for or on 
account of Irish taxes under the terms of the Subordinated Notes or the Loss Absorption Notes applies only to 
payments of interest due and payable under the Subordinated Notes or the Loss Absorption Notes and not to 
payments of principal (which term, for these purposes, includes any premium, Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Clean-up Call Option Amount, Amortised Face Amount 
and any other amount (other than interest) payable in respect of Subordinated Notes or Loss Absorption Notes). 
As such, the relevant Issuer would not be required to pay any additional amounts under the terms of the 
Subordinated Notes or the Loss Absorption Notes to the extent any withholding or deduction for or on account 
of Irish tax is applied to payments of principal. Accordingly, if any such withholding or deduction were to apply 
to any payments of principal under any Subordinated Notes or Loss Absorption Notes, holders of such 
Subordinated Notes or such Loss Absorption Notes would, upon repayment or redemption of such Subordinated 
Notes or such Loss Absorption Notes, be entitled to receive only the net amount of such redemption or 
repayment proceeds after deduction of the amount required to be withheld. Therefore, holders may receive less 
than the full amount due under such Subordinated Notes or such Loss Absorption Notes, and the market value 
of such Subordinated Notes or such Loss Absorption Notes may be adversely affected as a result.
43
No rights of set-off
Subject to applicable law, no holder of a Subordinated Note or a Senior Notes, Senior Preferred Notes or Senior 
Non-Preferred Note where the relevant Final Terms specify “Waiver of Set-off” as being applicable (or, in each 
such case, a Coupon relating thereto) may exercise, claim or plead any right of set-off, compensation, netting, 
counterclaim or retention in respect of any amount owed to it by the relevant Issuer in respect of, arising under 
or in connection with such Note (or the Coupons relating thereto) and each holder of such Note (or the Coupons 
relating thereto) shall, by virtue of its holding of any such Note or Coupon, be deemed to have waived all such 
rights of set-off and therefore any such Noteholder will not be able to exercise, claim or plead any right of set-
off, compensation, netting, counterclaim or retention in respect of any amount owed to it by the relevant Issuer 
in respect of, arising under or in connection with the Notes or the Coupons relating thereto, or the Trust Deed.
44
Notes issued as Green or Social Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking 
exposure to green or social assets 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the relevant Issuer’s 
intention to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically to an eligible 
loan portfolio of new and existing green loans or social loans (together, the “Eligible Loan Portfolios”). See the 
sections entitled “Green Bond Framework Overview” and “Social Bond Framework Overview”. Prospective 
investors should have regard to the information set out in “Green Bond Framework Overview”, “Social Bond 
Framework Overview” and the relevant Final Terms regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for 
themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Notes together with 
any other investigation such investor deems necessary.

--- Page 44 ---
37
In particular, no assurance is given by the relevant Issuer or any Dealer that the use of such proceeds for any 
Eligible Loan Portfolio will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are 
required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or 
other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible 
Loan Portfolio. None of the Dealers shall be responsible for (i) any assessment of the Eligible Loan Portfolios, 
(ii) any verification of whether the Eligible Loan Portfolios fall within an investor’s requirements or 
expectations of a “green”, “sustainable”, “social” or equivalently-labelled project or (iii) the ongoing 
monitoring of the use of proceeds in respect of any such Notes. 
The definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, and market consensus as to what constitutes or may be 
classified as, a “sustainable”, “green”, “social” or equivalently-labelled project or a loan that may finance such 
project and the requirements of any such label continue to develop and evolve, and different organisations may 
develop definitions or labels that are different from, and may be incompatible with, those set by other 
organisations. The EU has implemented Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to 
facilitate sustainable development (the “EU Taxonomy Regulation”). The stated purpose of the EU Taxonomy 
Regulation is to establish the criteria for determining whether an economic activity qualifies as environmentally 
sustainable for the purposes of establishing the degree to which an investment is environmentally sustainable. 
On 6 July 2021, the European Commission proposed a regulation on a voluntary European Green Bond 
Standard (the “EU Green Bond Regulation”), and on 28 February 2023, the European Parliament, the European 
Council and the European Commission reached a political agreement on the draft EU Green Bond Regulation. 
The EU Green Bond Regulation will establish a voluntary label for European green bonds and will lay down 
uniform requirements for issuers that wish to use the designation “European green bond” or “EuGB” and the 
conditions for external review of bonds using the label. It will also create an alternative voluntary approach to 
sustainability disclosures for bonds not using the label but marketed as environmentally sustainable or 
sustainability-linked bonds. The European Council adopted the consolidated text on 10 May 2023 and it is 
anticipated that the final European Parliament plenary vote will take place during 2023. The EU Green Bond 
Regulation will enter into force on the 20th day following publication in the EU Official Journal and will 
become applicable 12 months later. Green Bonds and Social Bonds issued under the Programme may not at any 
time be eligible for the Issuers to be entitled to use the designation of “European green bond” or “EuGB”, or if 
any such designation is attained it may subsequently be withdrawn. The Issuers are not under any obligation to 
take steps to have any such Green Bonds or Social Bonds become eligible for such designation or to implement 
the voluntary approach to sustainability disclosures under the EU Green Bond Regulation.
No assurance is or can be given by the Group or the Dealers to investors that any projects or uses the subject 
of, or related to, any Eligible Loan Portfolio will comply with any taxonomy established under the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation or otherwise meet any or all investor expectations regarding such “green”, “sustainable”, 
“social” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or that any adverse environmental, social and/or 
other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any 
Eligible Loan Portfolio. In addition, no assurance can be given by the Group, the Dealers or any other person 
to investors that any Notes will be eligible for designation as a “European green bond” or “EuGB” under the 
EU Green Bond Regulation or will comply with any future standards or requirements regarding any “green”, 
“social”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives and, accordingly, any designation 
of any Notes as “European green bonds” or “EuGB” under the EU Green Bond Regulation, or the status of any 
Notes as being “green”, “social” or “sustainable” (or equivalent), could be withdrawn at any time.
Additionally, no assurance is or can be given to investors that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, 
any Eligible Loan Portfolio will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such “green”, “sustainable”,

--- Page 45 ---
38
“social” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or that any adverse environmental, social and/or 
other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any 
Eligible Loan Portfolio.
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the relevant Issuer) which may be made 
available in connection with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any Eligible Loan Portfolio to fulfil 
any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or 
certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any 
such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the relevant Issuer or 
any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. Any such opinion or certification is only current as at the 
date that opinion was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any 
such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or 
certification for the purpose of any investment in such Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions and 
certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight.
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, “environmental”, 
“sustainable”, “social” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market 
(whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the relevant Issuer or any other person 
that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations 
or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are 
required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or 
other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible 
Loan Portfolio. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading 
may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given 
or made by the relevant Issuer or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained 
in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained 
during the life of the Notes.
Amounts of interest, principal or other amounts payable for any Notes in respect of which the relevant Final 
Terms provide that it is the relevant Issuer’s intention for the Group to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds 
from an offer of those Notes specifically to an Eligible Loan Portfolio will not be impacted by the performance 
of any Eligible Loan Portfolio funded out of the proceeds of the issue (or amounts equal thereto) of such Notes 
or by any other Eligible Loan Portfolios or other green, sustainable or social assets of the Group.
Further, the tenor of the amounts advanced by the Group to customers for the purposes of financing or 
refinancing any Eligible Loan Portfolio may not match the maturity date of the Notes issued to fund such 
advances. The subsequent redemption of relevant loans advanced by the Group, or the project(s) or use(s) the 
subject of, or related to, any Eligible Loan Portfolio before the maturity date of any Notes issued to fund such 
advances shall not lead to the early redemption of such Notes or any other Notes nor create any obligation or 
incentive of the relevant Issuer to redeem the Notes at any time or be a factor in the relevant Issuer’s 
determination as to whether or not to exercise any early redemption rights it may have from time to time.
While it is the intention of the relevant Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Notes so 
specified to an Eligible Loan Portfolio in, or substantially in, the manner described in “Green Bond Framework 
Overview” or in “Social Bond Framework Overview” (as appropriate) and the relevant Final Terms, there can 
be no assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Loan Portfolio 
will be capable of being implemented in, or substantially in, such manner and/or in accordance with any timing 
schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such Eligible Loan 
Portfolio. Nor can there be any assurance that such Eligible Loan Portfolio will be completed within any

--- Page 46 ---
39
specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally 
expected or anticipated by the relevant Issuer. Any such event or failure by the relevant Issuer will not (i) give 
rise to any claim of a Noteholder against either Issuer; (ii) constitute an Event of Default under the Notes or 
permit the Trustee or any Noteholder to accelerate the Notes or take any other enforcement action against either 
Issuer; (iii) lead to an obligation of either Issuer to redeem such Notes or be a relevant factor for that Issuer in 
determining whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any Notes; (iv) affect the 
qualification of such Notes which are also Tier 2 Notes or Loss Absorption Notes (as the case may be) as Tier 
2 Capital or as eligible liabilities or loss absorbing capacity instruments (as applicable); (v) otherwise affect or 
impede the ability of the Group to apply the proceeds of the Notes to cover losses in any part of the Group; or 
(vi) result in any step-up or increased payments of interest, principal or any other amounts in respect of the 
Notes, or otherwise affect the terms and conditions of the Notes. 
Investors should note that Notes in respect of which the relevant Final Terms provide that it is the relevant 
Issuer’s intention for the Group to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from an offer of those Notes 
specifically to an Eligible Loan Portfolio which are also Tier 2 Notes or Loss Absorption Notes are subject to 
the same prudential and resolution rules as other Notes issued under the Programme, and, for the avoidance of 
doubt, the provisions of the Applicable Regulatory Capital Requirements (as defined in the Conditions) and 
BRRD will continue to apply to such Notes in full. There will be no impact on their ranking as described in 
Condition 3(b) of the Subordinated Notes or their status as described in Conditions 3(a) and 3(b) of the Senior 
Notes, Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as applicable, and the other risks applicable to 
the Notes as described elsewhere in this section “Risk Factors”, including with respect to loss absorption as a 
result of bail-in or write down, and with respect to restricted events of default and limited rights of enforcement, 
shall apply to such Notes irrespective of whether such Notes are intended to be applied to an Eligible Loan 
Portfolio.
The proceeds of any Notes in respect of which the relevant Final Terms provide that it is the relevant Issuer’s 
intention for the Group to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically 
to an Eligible Loan Portfolio which are also Tier 2 Notes or Loss Absorption Notes will be available to cover 
all losses of the Group, regardless of whether the losses stem from the loans advanced by the Group under its 
Green Bond Framework or Social Bond Framework out of the proceeds of issue of such Notes or under any 
other green, sustainable, or social assets of the Group. 
Any event or failure to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Eligible Loan 
Portfolio as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification 
attesting that the relevant Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion 
or certification is opining or certifying on and/or any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading 
on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of such 
Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes the proceeds of which are intended to be allocated to an 
Eligible Loan Portfolio and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to 
invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose.
45
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including SOFR and SONIA) as 
reference rates 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates, such as SOFR and 
SONIA, as reference rates in the capital markets for U.S. dollar or sterling bonds, as applicable, and their 
adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. This relates not only to the substance of the 
calculation and the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds 
referencing such rates, but also how widely such rates and methodologies might be adopted.

--- Page 47 ---
40
In addition, market participants and relevant working groups have been working together to design alternative 
reference rates based on risk-free rates, including applying term versions of certain risk-free rates (which seek 
to measure the market's forward expectation of an average of these reference rates over a designated term, as 
they are overnight rates) or different measures of such risk-free rates.
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference such risk-free rates issued under 
this Programme. If the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in securities such as the Notes, 
the trading price of such Notes linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes referencing rates 
that are more widely used. The relevant Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing SONIA, SONIA 
Compounded Index, SOFR or SOFR Compounded Index that differ materially in terms of interest determination 
when compared with any previous SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR or SOFR Compounded Index 
referenced Notes issued by it under this Programme. The development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond 
markets could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility, or could otherwise affect the market price of 
any Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under this Programme from time to time.
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the derivatives 
and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of such reference 
rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which 
they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing such risk-
free rates. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in notes linked to 
such risk-free rates issued to date and no assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the 
compounding formula in the Conditions, will gain widespread market acceptance. In addition, the methodology 
for determining any overnight rate index used to determine the Rate of Interest in respect of certain Notes could 
change during the life of such Notes. 
Notes referencing risk-free rates may also have no established trading market when issued, and an established 
trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt securities referencing such 
risk-free rates, such as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and 
trading prices of such Notes may be lower than those of later-issued indexed debt securities as a result. Investors 
in such Notes may not be able to sell such Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that will 
provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may 
consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
Certain administrators of risk-free rates have published hypothetical and actual historical performance data. 
Hypothetical data inherently includes assumptions, estimates and approximations and actual historical 
performance data may be limited in the case of certain risk-free rates. Investors should not rely on hypothetical 
or actual historical performance data as an indicator of the future performance of such risk-free rates. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes which 
reference SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR or SOFR Compounded Index.
46
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such “benchmarks”
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (such as a Reference Rate), are the subject of 
recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are 
already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to 
perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted.

--- Page 48 ---
41
Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a 
“benchmark”.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation was published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 29 June 2016
and became applicable from 1 January 2018. The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. It, among 
other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be 
subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU 
supervised entities (such as the Issuers) of “benchmarks” of administrators that are not authorised or registered 
(or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks 
Regulation”) applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use 
of a benchmark within the UK. It, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised 
or registered (or, if non-UK-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) 
and (ii) prevents certain uses by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised 
or registered (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any 
Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark” (such as Floating Rate Notes and Resettable Notes), in particular, 
if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the requirements of 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other 
things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level 
of the “benchmark”. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of
“benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a
“benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
The potential elimination of any benchmark (including, for example, EURIBOR), or changes in the manner of 
administration of any benchmark, could require an adjustment to the Conditions, or result in other 
consequences, in respect of any Notes linked to such benchmark. Such factors may have the following effects 
on certain “benchmarks”: (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to the 
“benchmark”, (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the “benchmark” or (iii) lead to the 
disappearance of the “benchmark”. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of 
international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on 
the value of and return on any Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation in making any 
investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”. 
The Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark (excluding 
SOFR), such as EURIBOR or other relevant reference rates (including, without limitation, mid-swap rates) and 
including any page on which such Benchmark may be published (or any successor service)), becomes 
unavailable or a Benchmark Event otherwise occurs, including the possibility that the rate of interest could be 
set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative reference rate and that such successor rate or alternative 
reference rate may be adjusted (if required), all as determined by the relevant Issuer in consultation with an 
Independent Adviser, acting in good faith in a commercially reasonable manner. Any adjustment spread could 
be positive, negative or zero. In making such determinations, it is possible that the interests of the relevant 
Issuer might not align with those of Noteholders. No Successor Rate or Alternative Rate will be adopted, nor 
will the applicable Adjustment Spread be applied, nor will any Benchmark Amendments be made, if and to the

--- Page 49 ---
42
extent that, in the determination of the relevant Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the 
then current or future qualification of the Notes as (i) Tier 2 Capital, or (ii) own funds and eligible liabilities or 
loss absorbing capacity instruments for the purposes of the Relevant Regulator or by the Loss Absorption 
Regulations in the case of Notes that are Loss Absorption Notes, as applicable, or in the case of Loss Absorption 
Notes, could reasonably be expected to result in the Relevant Regulator treating the next Interest Payment Date 
or Reset Date, as the effective maturity dates of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
Where the original benchmark is SOFR, the Benchmark Replacement provisions in the Conditions specify a 
“waterfall” of alternative rates that may become the Benchmark Replacement. These alternative rates are 
uncertain and no market convention currently exists, or may ever exist, for their determination. For example, 
the ISDA Fallback Rate, which is the rate referenced in the ISDA Definitions that is to be effective upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor, has not been 
established as of the date hereof. Even after the ISDA Fallback Rate is initially determined, ISDA Definitions 
and the ISDA Fallback Rate may change over time. Uncertainty surrounding the establishment of market 
conventions related to the calculation of the ISDA Fallback Rate and other alternative rates, and whether any 
of the alternative rates is a suitable replacement or successor for the original Reference Rate, may adversely 
affect the value of and return on Notes referencing SOFR as the original Reference Rate.
In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of interest for a particular Interest 
Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the 
effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the 
Relevant Screen Page or the last ISDA rate calculable by the Calculation Agent, or, in the case of Resettable 
Notes, the application of the Reset Rate for a preceding Reset Period or the application of the Initial Rate of 
Interest applicable to such Notes on the Interest Commencement Date. In addition, due to the uncertainty 
concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an 
Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time.
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the trading market for, liquidity of, value of 
and return on any such Notes. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting 
or existence of any relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the relevant Issuer to meet its obligations 
under the Floating Rate Notes or Resettable Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or 
liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes or Resettable Notes or could impact the 
availability and cost of hedging instruments and borrowings or cause a potential mismatch with any hedging 
instruments or borrowing arrangements already in place relating to such Notes. Investors should consider these 
matters when making their investment decision with respect to the relevant Floating Rate Notes or Resettable 
Notes.
47
Modification, waivers and substitution
The Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes, Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the 
Subordinated Notes will contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting 
their interests generally. These provisions will permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority. Given the ability of permitted majorities to bind minorities, a Noteholder could find 
that an amendment is made to the Notes, which binds all Noteholders, that it did not support.
The Trustee may, without the consent of Noteholders, agree to (i) any modification of, or to the waiver or 
authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of Notes or (ii) the substitution of a 
successor in business of the relevant Issuer as principal debtor under any Notes in place of the relevant Issuer, 
in the circumstances described in Condition 10 of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes, Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 50 ---
43
In addition, pursuant to Condition 4(i) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes, Senior Preferred Notes 
and Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes, certain changes may be made to the interest 
calculation provisions of the Floating Rate Notes or Resettable Notes in the circumstances set out in Condition 
4(a) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes, Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and the Subordinated Notes without the requirement for consent of the Noteholders. See “—The regulation and 
reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing such “benchmarks”” 
above.
48
European Monetary Union
The Eurozone sovereign debt crisis which started in 2008 has led to continuing and increased speculation that 
one or more Eurozone countries might abandon the euro as its national currency and even, although generally 
thought of as an extreme circumstance, the possible disappearance of the euro as a currency. There is a great 
deal of legal uncertainty surrounding these possibilities but it is likely, in the event that Ireland were to abandon 
the euro as its national currency, that contracts denominated in euro, including the Notes, would be 
redenominated into whatever currency replaced the euro as the national currency of Ireland with the possibility 
of consequent foreign exchange risk and the other uncertainties attendant on such an eventuality constituting 
risks relating to Notes denominated in euro.
49
Change of law
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on either English or Irish law, as specified in the Final Terms. 
Further, in respect of English Law Notes, the Conditions in respect of subordination, waiver of set-off and 
Acknowledgement of Irish Loss Absorption Powers will be governed by Irish law. No assurance can be given 
as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or Irish law or administrative practice 
after the date of issue of the relevant Notes. Such changes in law may include, but are not limited to, the 
introduction of a variety of statutory resolution and loss absorption tools which may affect the rights of holders 
of the Notes. Such tools may include the ability to write off sums otherwise payable on the Notes.
50
The Notes are not protected under any deposit scheme
Under the European Communities (Deposit Guarantee Schemes) Regulations 2015, the Central Bank operates 
a statutory depositor protection scheme. Any investment in the Notes does not have the status of a bank deposit 
and is not subject to the deposit protection scheme operated by the Central Bank.
51
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium
The market values of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount tend to fluctuate 
more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. 
Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to 
conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities.
Risks Related to the Market Generally
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk:
52
Interest rate risks
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes or Resettable Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest 
rates may adversely affect the value of Fixed Rate Notes or Resettable Notes, as the case may be as measured 
in the Investor’s Currency.

--- Page 51 ---
44
53
The secondary market generally
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be liquid and may be sensitive to changes in financial markets. Therefore, investors may 
not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market. This may particularly be the case for Notes that are 
especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or 
strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These 
types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than 
conventional debt securities. In addition, liquidity may be limited if the relevant Issuer makes large allocations 
to a limited number of investors. Illiquidity may have a severe adverse effect on the market value of Notes. If 
a market for the Notes does develop, the trading price of the Notes may be subject to wide fluctuations in 
response to many factors, including those referred to in this risk factor, as well as stock market fluctuations and 
general economic conditions that may adversely affect the market price of the Notes. Publicly traded notes from 
time to time experience significant price and volume fluctuations that may be unrelated to the operating 
performance of the companies that have issued them, and such volatility may be increased in an illiquid market. 
If any market in the Notes does develop, it may become severely restricted, or may disappear, if the financial 
condition deteriorates such that there is an actual or perceived increased likelihood of the relevant Issuer being 
unable to pay interest on the Notes in full, or of the Notes being subject to loss absorption under an applicable 
statutory loss absorption regime. In addition, the market price of the Notes may fluctuate significantly in 
response to a number of factors, some of which are beyond the relevant Issuer’s control, including:

actual or expected variations in the Group’s operating performance;

any shortfall in revenue or net profit or any increase in losses from levels expected by market 
commentators;

increases in capital expenditure compared with expectations;

any perception that the Group’s strategy is or may be less effective than previously assumed or that the 
Group is not effectively implementing any significant projects;

changes in financial estimates by securities analysts;

changes in market valuations of similar entities;

announcements by the Group of significant acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint ventures, new 
initiatives, new services or new service ranges;

regulatory matters, including changes in regulatory regulations or Central Bank requirements;

additions or departures of key personnel; and

future issues or sales of Notes or other notes.
Any or all of these events could result in material fluctuations in the price of Notes which could lead to investors 
losing some or all of their investment.
The issue price of the Notes might not be indicative of prices that will prevail in the trading market, and there 
can be no assurance that an investor would be able to sell its Notes at or near the price which it paid for them, 
or at a price that would provide it with a yield comparable to more conventional investments that have a 
developed secondary market.

--- Page 52 ---
45
Moreover, although the Issuers and any subsidiary of the Issuers can (subject to regulatory approval and 
compliance with prevailing prudential requirements) purchase Notes at any time, they have no obligation to do 
so. Purchases made by the Issuers or any member of the Group could affect the liquidity of the secondary market 
of the Notes and thus the price and the conditions under which investors can negotiate these Notes on the 
secondary market.
In addition, Holders should be aware of the prevailing and widely reported global credit market conditions 
(which continue, to some extent, at the date of the Base Prospectus), whereby there has been a general lack of 
liquidity in the secondary market which, if it were to continue or worsen in future, could result in investors 
suffering losses on the Notes in secondary resales even if there were no decline in the performance of the Notes 
or the assets of the relevant Issuer. The Issuers cannot predict whether these circumstances will change and 
whether, if and when they do change, there will be a more liquid market for the Notes and instruments similar 
to the Notes at that time.
Although application has been made for the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin, 
there is no assurance that such application will be accepted or that an active trading market in any Notes issued 
under the Programme (whether listed on Euronext Dublin or not) will develop.
54
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls
The relevant Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency (as defined in 
Condition 16 of the Senior Notes, Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Subordinated 
Notes). This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are 
denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified 
Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to 
devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities 
with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the 
value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor’s Currency-
equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes 
and (iii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes in the Investor’s Currency.
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the relevant Issuer to make payments in respect of 
the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal.
55
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to an issue of Notes. The ratings may 
not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, the additional factors discussed above, 
and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. Further, one or more credit rating agencies may from 
time to time release unsolicited credit ratings reports in relation to the Notes without the consent or knowledge 
of the relevant Issuer. The Issuers do not have any control over such reports or analyses and any adverse credit 
rating of the Notes could adversely affect the value of Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time.
In general, EU regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration application is pending. Such 
general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless 
the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating

--- Page 53 ---
46
agency is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, 
as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances). 
UK regulated investors are restricted under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”) from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes unless 
such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that 
apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration application is pending. Such general restriction will also 
apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-UK credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are 
endorsed by a UK-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-UK rating agency is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has 
not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the EU CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory 
purposes in the EU or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which 
may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market.
56
The Issuers are exposed to changing methodology by rating agencies
The Issuers are exposed to changes in the rating methodologies applied by rating agencies. Any adverse changes 
of such methodologies may result in a change in the ratings given to the relevant Issuer or the Notes which in 
turn may materially and adversely affect the relevant Issuer’s operations or financial condition and capital 
market standing.

--- Page 54 ---
47
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
The following documents shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus:
(a)
the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements of AIB prepared in accordance with 
International Accounting Standard 34, “Interim Financial Reporting” as at and for the six months ended 
30 June 2023, together with the review report thereon, as set out on pages 76 to 121 and pages 123 to 
124, available at:
https://aib.ie/content/dam/frontdoor/investorrelations/docs/resultscentre/annualreport/2023/aib-group-
plc-hyf-report-2023.pdf ;
(b)
the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements of AIB Bank prepared in accordance 
with International Accounting Standard 34, “Interim Financial Reporting” as at and for the six months 
ended 30 June 2023, together with the review report thereon, as set out on pages 67 to 75 and page 114, 
available at:
https://aib.ie/content/dam/frontdoor/investorrelations/docs/resultscentre/annualreport/2023/aib-p.l.c.-
hyfr-june-2023.pdf ;  
(c)
(i) the audited consolidated financial statements of AIB prepared in accordance with IFRS for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2022, together with the audit report thereon, as set out on pages 211 
to 352, (ii) the sections titled “Board of Directors” and “Executive Committee” on pages 78 to 83 and 
(iii) the section entitled “Operating and financial review” on pages 56 to 70, in each case of the annual 
financial report of AIB for the year ended 31 December 2022 (the “AIB 2022 Annual Financial Report”), 
available at:
https://aib.ie/content/dam/frontdoor/investorrelations/docs/resultscentre/annualreport/2022/AIB-
Group-plc-AFR-dec-2022.pdf ;
(d)
(i) the audited consolidated financial statements of AIB prepared in accordance with IFRS for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2021, together with the audit report thereon, as set out on pages 217 
to 366 of the annual financial report of AIB for the year ended 31 December 2021, available at:
https://aib.ie/content/dam/frontdoor/investorrelations/docs/resultscentre/annualreport/2021/aib-group-
plc-2021-annual-financial-report-3-march-2022.pdf ;
(e)
(i) the audited consolidated financial statements of AIB Bank prepared in accordance with IFRS for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2022, together with the audit report thereon, as set out on pages 151 
to 341, (ii) the sections titled “Board of Directors” and “Executive Committee” on pages 39 to 44 and 
(iii) the section entitled “Operating and Financial Review” on pages 13 to 27, in each case of the annual 
financial report of AIB Bank for the year ended 31 December 2022 (the “AIB Bank 2022 Annual 
Financial Report”), available at:
https://aib.ie/content/dam/frontdoor/investorrelations/docs/resultscentre/annualreport/2022/Allied-
Irish-Banks-p.l.c.-2022-Annual-Financial-Report.pdf ;
(f)
(i) the audited consolidated financial statements of AIB Bank prepared in accordance with IFRS for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2021, together with the audit report thereon, as set out on pages 165 
to 374 of the annual financial report of AIB Bank for the year ended 31 December 2021, available at:
https://aib.ie/content/dam/frontdoor/investorrelations/docs/resultscentre/annualreport/2021/allied-irish-
banks-p.l.c.-annual-financial-report.pdf ;
(g)
the Pillar 3 disclosures of the AIB Group for the three months ended 30 June 2023, available at:

--- Page 55 ---
48
https://aib.ie/content/dam/frontdoor/investorrelations/docs/resultscentre/pillar3/AIB-Group-plc-Q2-
2023-Pillar-3-Disclosures.pdf ;
(h)
the Pillar 3 disclosures of the Bank Group for the three months ended 30 June 2023, available at:
https://aib.ie/content/dam/frontdoor/investorrelations/docs/resultscentre/pillar3/Allied-Irish-Banks-plc-
Q2-2023-Pillar-3-Disclosures.pdf ;
(i)
the terms and conditions of the Notes as contained on pages 50 to 146 of the base prospectus dated 25 
March 2022 in respect of the Programme, available at:
https://aib.ie/content/dam/frontdoor/investorrelations/docs/debt-investors/aib-group-plc-euro-medium-
term-note-programme%20-25th-march-2022.pdf ; 
(j)
the terms and conditions of the Notes as contained in pages 50 to 146 of the base prospectus dated 7 
May 2021 in respect of the Programme, available at:
https://aib.ie/content/dam/frontdoor/investorrelations/docs/aib-group-plc-
%E2%82%AC10,000,000,000-euro-medium-term-note-programme-7th-may-2021.pdf ; 
(k)
the terms and conditions of the Notes as contained in pages 48 to 121 of the base prospectus dated 21 
September 2020 in respect of the Programme, available at:
https://aib.ie/content/dam/frontdoor/investorrelations/docs/issuance%20programme/aib-group-plc-
term-note-programme-sept-2020.pdf ;
(l)
the terms and conditions of the Notes as contained in pages 37 to 108 of the base prospectus dated 14 
May 2019 in respect of the Programme, available at:
https://aib.ie/content/dam/aib/investorrelations/docs/issuance%20programme/prospectus-190514-
final.pdf ; 
(m)
the terms and conditions of the Notes as contained in pages 39 to 102 of the base prospectus dated 14 
March 2018 in respect of the Programme, available at:
https://aib.ie/content/dam/aib/investorrelations/docs/issuance%20programme/10-million-euro-
medium-term-note-programme.pdf ; and 
(n)
the section “Amendments to the “Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes” Section” on pages 6 and 7 
of the supplement dated 25 June 2018 to the base prospectus dated 14 March 2018 in respect of the 
Programme, available at:
https://aib.ie/content/dam/aib/investorrelations/docs/issuance%20programme/aib-group-plc-
10000000000-euro-medium-term-note-programme-supplement.pdf ,
save that any statement contained herein, or in a document all or the relative portion of which is incorporated 
by reference herein, shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to 
the extent that a statement contained herein or in any such document, all or the relative portion of which is 
deemed to be incorporated by reference herein, modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether 
expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except 
as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus may be obtained (without charge) from 
the 
Issuers’ 
website 
at 
https://aib.ie/investorrelations 
and 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin/bonds/list.

--- Page 56 ---
49
The Issuers’ website and its contents are not otherwise incorporated into, and do not form part of, this Base 
Prospectus.
Alternative Performance Measures
In addition to the financial information prepared in accordance with IFRS, this Base Prospectus includes certain 
alternative performance measures (“APMs”) as defined in the guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures 
issued by the European Securities and Markets Authority on 5 October 2015 (ESMA/2015/1415) (the “ESMA
APM Guidelines”). The ESMA APM Guidelines define an APM as a financial measure of historical or future 
performance, financial position, or cash flows, other than a financial measure defined or specified in the 
applicable financial reporting framework.
Each Issuer uses certain APMs, which have not been audited, for a better understanding of its financial 
performance. These measures are considered additional disclosures and in no case replace the financial 
information prepared under IFRS. Moreover, the way each Issuer defines and calculates these measures may 
differ from the way similar measures are calculated by other companies. Accordingly, they may not be 
comparable.
In the “Operating and Financial review” section in the AIB 2022 Annual Financial Report and the AIB Bank 
2022 Annual Financial Report, which are incorporated by reference herein, the Issuers’ results of operations are 
presented on a management basis with exceptional items reported separately. Exceptional items are items that 
management believes obscure the underlying performance trends in the business. See “Operating and Financial 
review—Alternative performance measures” in the AIB 2022 Annual Financial Report and the AIB Bank 2022 
Annual Financial Report, which are incorporated by reference herein, for a description of exceptional items that 
management believes obscure the underlying performance trends in the business and a reconciliation to each 
resulting APM from the most directly reconcilable IFRS line item.
For further information, including a complete list of APMs, including definitions and reconciliations, see 
“Operating and Financial review—Alternative performance measures” in the AIB 2022 Annual Financial 
Report and the AIB Bank 2022 Annual Financial Report, which are incorporated by reference herein.

--- Page 57 ---
50
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION
If at any time the Issuers shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuers will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this 
Base Prospectus as required by the Central Bank and Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.
Each Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during the duration of the Programme a 
significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy arises or is noted relating to the information 
included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment by investors of any Notes and whose inclusion 
would reasonably be expected by them to be found in this Base Prospectus, for the purpose of enabling them to 
make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of 
the Issuers and/or of the rights attaching to such Notes, the Issuers shall update or prepare an amendment or 
supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a replacement base prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent offering of the Notes and shall supply to each Dealer such number of copies of such supplement 
hereto as such Dealer may reasonably request.

--- Page 58 ---
51
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES, SENIOR PREFERRED NOTES 
AND SENIOR NON-PREFERRED NOTES 
The following (other than any sections in italics) is the text of the terms and conditions which, subject to 
completion and amendment and as supplemented or varied in accordance with the provisions of Part A of the 
relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Senior Notes, Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes in definitive form (if any) issued in exchange for Notes represented by a Note or Certificate in global 
form. Either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of Part A of the 
Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed, amended, supplemented or varied (and subject 
to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on such Bearer Notes or on 
Certificates relating to such Registered Notes (each capitalised term as defined below). All capitalised terms 
that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in Part A of the relevant Final 
Terms. Those definitions will be endorsed on the definitive Notes or Certificates, as the case may be. References 
in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Senior Notes, Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme.
The Notes are constituted by a Trust Deed dated 6 October 2023 (as amended or supplemented as at the date of 
issue of the Notes (the “Issue Date”), the “Trust Deed”) between AIB Group plc (“AIB”), Allied Irish Banks, 
p.l.c. (“AIB Bank”, and together with AIB, the “Issuers” and each an “Issuer”) and BNY Mellon Corporate 
Trustee Services Limited (the “Trustee”, which expression shall include all persons for the time being the trustee 
or trustees under the Trust Deed) as trustee for the Noteholders (as defined below). These terms and conditions 
(the “Conditions”) include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed, which 
includes the form of the Bearer Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons (as defined below). An Agency 
Agreement dated 6 October 2023 (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the “Agency Agreement”) 
has been entered into in relation to the Notes between the Issuers, the Trustee, The Bank of New York Mellon, 
London Branch as initial issuing and paying agent and the other agents named in it. The issuing and paying 
agent, the other paying agents, the registrar, the transfer agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being 
(if any) are referred to below respectively as the “Issuing and Paying Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which 
expression shall include the Issuing and Paying Agent), the “Registrar”, the “Transfer Agents” and the 
“Calculation Agent(s)”. Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are available for inspection free 
of charge during usual business hours at the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents and the Transfer 
Agents.
The Noteholders (as defined below), the holders of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest 
bearing Notes in bearer form and, where applicable in the case of such Notes in bearer form, talons for further 
Coupons (the “Talons”) (the “Couponholders”) are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed to 
have notice of all the provisions of the Trust Deed and are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement applicable to them.
In these Conditions, references to the “Issuer” are to AIB or AIB Bank, as the case may be, as the Issuer of the 
Notes under the Programme as indicated under Part A of the relevant Final Terms and references to the “relevant 
Issuer” shall be construed accordingly.
1
Form, Denomination and Title
The Notes are issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) or in registered form (“Registered Notes”), in each case 
in the Specified Denomination(s) (as defined hereon).
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Resettable Note, a Floating Rate Note, or a Zero Coupon Note.

--- Page 59 ---
52
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached, 
save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest due 
after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable.
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates (“Certificates”) and, save as provided in Condition 
2(b), each Certificate shall represent the entire holding of Registered Notes by the same holder.
Title to the Bearer Notes, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Title to the Registered Notes shall pass 
by registration in the register that the relevant Issuer shall procure to be kept by the Registrar in accordance 
with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the “Register”). Except as ordered by a court of competent 
jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed 
to be and may be treated as the absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of 
any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it (or on the Certificate representing it) or its 
theft or loss (or that of the related Certificate) and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder.
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” means the bearer of any Bearer Note or the person in whose name a 
Registered Note is registered (as the case may be), “holder” (in relation to a Note, Coupon or Talon) means the 
bearer of any Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon or the person in whose name a Registered Note is registered (as 
the case may be) and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them hereon, the absence of any such 
meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes.
2
No Exchange of Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes
(a)
No Exchange of Notes
Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes. Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for 
Registered Notes. Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes 
of another Specified Denomination.
(b)
Transfer of Registered Notes
One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon the surrender (at the specified office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the Certificate representing such Registered Notes to be transferred, 
together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Certificate (or another form of transfer substantially 
in the same form and containing the same representations and certifications (if any), unless otherwise 
agreed by the relevant Issuer), duly completed and executed and any other evidence as the Registrar or 
Transfer Agent may reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Registered 
Notes represented by one Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the transferee in respect of the 
part transferred and a further new Certificate in respect of the balance of the holding not transferred shall 
be issued to the transferor. In the case of a transfer of Registered Notes to a person who is already a 
holder of Registered Notes, a new Certificate representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued 
against surrender of the Certificate representing the existing holding. All transfers of Notes and entries 
on the Register will be made subject to the detailed regulations concerning transfers of Notes scheduled 
to the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the relevant Issuer, with the prior written 
approval of the Registrar, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Transfer Agents and the Trustee. A copy of 
the current regulations will be made available by the Registrar to any Noteholder upon request.
(c)
Delivery of New Certificates
Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Condition 2(b) shall be available for delivery within three 
business days of receipt of a duly completed and executed form of transfer and surrender of the existing 
Certificate(s). Delivery of the new Certificate(s) shall be made at the specified office of the Transfer

--- Page 60 ---
53
Agent or of the Registrar (as the case may be) to whom delivery or surrender of such form of transfer 
and Certificate(s) shall have been made or, at the option of the holder making such delivery or surrender 
as aforesaid and as specified in the relevant form of transfer or otherwise in writing, be mailed by 
uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Certificate to such address as may be so 
specified, unless such holder requests otherwise and pays in advance to the relevant Transfer Agent or 
the Registrar (as the case may be) the costs of such other method of delivery and/or such insurance as it 
may specify. In this Condition 2(c), “business day” means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on 
which banks are open for business in the place of the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent or 
the Registrar (as the case may be).
(d)
Transfers Free of Charge
Certificates, on transfer, shall be issued and registered without charge by or on behalf of the relevant 
Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment of any tax or other governmental charges 
that may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant 
Transfer Agent may require).
(e)
Closed Periods
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered (i) during the period of 15 
days ending on (and including) the due date for redemption or substitution of that Note pursuant to 
Condition 5 or (ii) during the period of seven days ending on (and including) any Record Date.
3
Status
(a)
Notes issued by AIB
This Condition 3(a) applies to all Notes issued by AIB (in which case, this Note is an “AIB Note”).
The AIB Notes (and the Coupons relating thereto, if any) constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of AIB and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any 
preference among themselves. The payment obligations of AIB under the AIB Notes (and the Coupons 
relating thereto, if any) shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation, at 
all times rank at least equally with all its other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations.
(b)
Notes issued by AIB Bank
This Condition 3(b) applies to Notes issued by AIB Bank if the applicable Final Terms specifies the 
‘Status of the Notes’ as being ‘Senior Preferred’ (in which case, this Note is a “Senior Preferred Note”) 
or ‘Senior Non-Preferred’ (in which case, this Note is a “Senior Non-Preferred Note”).
(i)
Status – Senior Preferred Notes
The Senior Preferred Notes (and the Coupons relating thereto, if any) constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of AIB Bank and shall at all times rank 
pari passu and without any preference among themselves. The payment obligations of AIB Bank 
under the Senior Preferred Notes (and the Coupons relating thereto, if any) shall, save for such 
exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation, at all times rank at least equally with all 
its other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations.
(ii)
Status – Senior Non-Preferred Notes

--- Page 61 ---
54
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes may only be issued on terms such that they (i) have an original 
contractual maturity of at least one year; and (ii) are not derivatives and contain no embedded 
derivatives for the purposes of section 1428A(1)(c)(ii) of the Companies Act 2014.
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes (and the Coupons relating thereto, if any) constitute direct and 
unsecured obligations of AIB Bank and, subject to the Ranking Legislation, constitute Secondary 
Unsecured Debts of AIB Bank in accordance with subparagraphs 1(c)(i) to 1(c)(iii) of section 
1428A of the Companies Act 2014 and rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves.
If a Winding-Up occurs, the rights and claims against AIB Bank of the holders of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes (and the Coupons relating thereto, if any) (and of the Trustee on their behalf) in 
respect of, or arising under, the Notes, the Coupons or the Trust Deed (including any damages 
awarded for breach of any obligations) shall rank (i) junior in right of payment to all Senior 
Claims; (ii) pari passu with all other Secondary Unsecured Claims; and (iii) in priority to all 
Subordinated Claims.
(c)
No Set-off
This Condition 3(c) shall apply only if “Waiver of Set-off” is specified hereon as being applicable.
Subject to applicable law, no holder of a Note, or a Coupon relating thereto, may exercise, claim or plead 
any right of set-off, compensation, netting, counterclaim or retention in respect of any amount owed to 
it by the relevant Issuer in respect of, arising under, or in connection with the Notes or the Coupons 
relating thereto or the Trust Deed and each holder of a Note or a Coupon relating thereto shall, by virtue 
of its holding of any such Note or Coupon (or any beneficial interest therein), be deemed, to the fullest 
extent permitted under applicable law, to have waived all such rights of set-off, compensation, netting, 
counterclaim or retention. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if any of the amounts owing to any 
Noteholder or Couponholder by the relevant Issuer in respect of or arising under or in connection with 
the Notes or the Coupons relating thereto is discharged by set-off, such Noteholder and Couponholder 
shall, subject to applicable law, immediately pay an amount equal to the amount of such discharge to the 
relevant Issuer (or in the event of its winding-up or examinership, the liquidator or, as applicable, 
examiner of the relevant Issuer) and accordingly such discharge will be deemed not to have taken place, 
and until such payment is made shall hold an amount equal thereto in trust for the relevant Issuer (or, as 
the case may be, the liquidator or, as applicable, examiner of the relevant Issuer).
4
Interest and other Calculations
(a)
Interest on the Notes
(i)
Interest Payment Dates (Floating Rate Notes)
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of 
Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of 
interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 4(f). Such Interest Payment 
Date(s) is/are either shown hereon as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest 
Payment Date(s) is/are shown hereon, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the 
number of months or other period shown hereon as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement 
Date.
(ii)
Business Day Convention

--- Page 62 ---
55
If any date referred to in these Conditions which is specified to be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day (as defined below), then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the 
Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such 
date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent 
such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had 
it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to 
the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such 
date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.
(iii)
Rate of Interest for Fixed Rate Notes
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of 
Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of 
interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 4(f).
(iv)
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Period shall be determined 
in the manner specified hereon and the provisions below relating to any of ISDA Determination, 
Screen Rate Determination or Linear Interpolation shall apply, depending upon which is specified 
hereon.
(A)
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes
Where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period shall be determined by 
the Calculation Agent as, subject to Condition 4(e), a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Period means a 
rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under 
a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions 
and under which:
(x)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified hereon;
(y)
the Designated Maturity is a period specified hereon; and
(z)
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Period unless otherwise 
specified hereon.
If the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, Compounding 
is specified to be applicable hereon and:
(A)
if Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding Method hereon 
then (a) Compounding with Lookback is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method 
and (b) Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days specified hereon, 
provided that the number of Applicable Business Days, if no such number is 
specified hereon, shall be five;

--- Page 63 ---
56
(B)
if Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Compounding 
Method hereon then (a) Compounding with Observation Period Shift is the 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number 
of Observation Period Shift Business Days specified hereon, provided that the 
number of Observation Period Shift Business Days, if no such number is specified 
hereon, shall be five and (c) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if 
applicable, are the days specified hereon; or
(C)
if Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding Method hereon 
then (a) Compounding with Lockout is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, 
(b) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business Days specified hereon, 
provided that the number of Lockout Period Business Days, if no such number is 
specified hereon, shall be five and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, 
are the days specified hereon;
If the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, Averaging is 
specified to be applicable hereon and:
(A)
if Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging Method hereon then (a) 
Averaging with Lookback is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method and (b) 
Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days specified hereon, provided 
that the number of Applicable Business Days, if no such number is specified 
hereon, shall be five;
(B)
if Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Averaging Method 
hereon then (a) Averaging with Observation Period Shift is the Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation 
Period Shift Business Days specified hereon, provided that the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days, if no such number is specified hereon, 
shall be five and (c) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if 
applicable, are the days specified hereon; or
(C)
if Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method hereon then (a) 
Averaging with Lockout is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method, (b) Lockout is 
the number of Lockout Period Business Days specified hereon, provided that the 
number of Lockout Period Business Days, if no such number is specified hereon, 
shall be five and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days 
specified hereon; 
If the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option and Index 
Provisions are specified to be applicable hereon, the Compounded Index Method with 
Observation Period Shift shall be applicable and, (a) Observation Period Shift is the 
number of Observation Period Shift Business Days specified hereon, provided that the 
number of Observation Period Shift Business Days, if no such number is specified hereon, 
shall be five and (b) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if applicable, are 
the days specified hereon; and
References in the relevant ISDA Definitions to:
(A)
“Confirmation” shall be references to the relevant Final Terms;
(B)
“Calculation Period” shall be references to the relevant Interest Period;

--- Page 64 ---
57
(C)
“Termination Date” shall be references to the Maturity Date;
(D)
“Effective Date” shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date
(E)
“Administrator/Benchmark Event” shall be disapplied; and
(F)
If the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback for any specified Floating Rate Option 
is specified to be “Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate” in the 
Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions, the reference to “Calculation 
Agent Alternative Rate Determination” in the definition of “Temporary Non-
Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate” shall be replaced by “Temporary Non-
Publication Fallback – Previous Day’s Rate”.
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap Transaction” 
and other terms used herein but not otherwise defined have the meanings given to those 
terms in the ISDA Definitions.
(B)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes – Term Rates
(x)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, and unless the Reference Rate in respect of the 
relevant series of Floating Rate Notes is specified hereon as being “SONIA” or 
“SOFR”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject to Condition 
4(e), Condition 4(i) and as provided below, be either:
(i)
the offered quotation; or
(ii)
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations,
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time in the case of Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”)) on the 
Interest Determination Date in question as determined by the Calculation Agent. If 
five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, 
the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations.
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes is 
specified hereon as being other than EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of 
such Notes will be determined as provided hereon.
(y)
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if sub-paragraph (x)(i) above applies 
and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or if sub-
paragraph (x)(ii) above applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear 
on the Relevant Screen Page, in each case at the time specified above, subject as 
provided below, the Calculation Agent shall request, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks, to 
provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum) for the Reference Rate if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in 
question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent

--- Page 65 ---
58
with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall, 
subject to Condition 4(e), be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.
(z)
If paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer 
than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall, subject to Condition 4(e), be the arithmetic mean 
of the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the 
request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of 
them, at which such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the Reference Rate 
is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market or, if fewer than two of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered 
rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the 
relevant Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is 
quoting to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone 
inter-bank market, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph (and subject to 
Condition 4(i)), the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in 
place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period).
(C)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded SONIA
(x)
SONIA Compounded Index Rate
Where (i) Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined; (ii) the Reference Rate is specified hereon 
as being SONIA; and (iii) SONIA Compounded Index Rate is specified hereon as 
being applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject to 
Condition 4(e) and Condition 4(i), be the SONIA Compounded Index Rate 
determined as follows:
“SONIA Compounded Index Rate” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment during the SONIA 
Observation Period relating to such Interest Period (with the daily Sterling 
overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as 
follows:

--- Page 66 ---
59
( 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑁𝐷
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑇𝐴𝑅𝑇
−1) × (365
𝑑)
provided, however, that and subject to Condition 4(i), if the SONIA Compounded 
Index Value is not available in relation to any Interest Period on the Relevant 
Screen 
Page 
or 
on 
the 
Bank 
of 
England’s 
website 
at 
www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such other page or website as 
may replace such page for the purposes of publishing the SONIA Compounded 
Index) for the determination of either or both of SONIA Compounded IndexSTART
and/or SONIA Compounded IndexEND, the Rate of Interest shall be calculated for 
such Interest Period on the basis of the SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate 
as set out in Condition 4(a)(iv)(C)(y) as if SONIA Compounded Daily Reference 
Rate with Observation Shift had been specified hereon as being applicable and the 
“Relevant Screen Page” shall be deemed to be the “Relevant Fallback Screen Page” 
as specified hereon,
where:
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant SONIA Observation Period;
“London Business Day”, means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London;
“p” means, for any Interest Period, the whole number specified hereon (or, if no 
such number is so specified, five) representing a number of London Business Days;
“SONIA Compounded Index” means the index known as the SONIA Compounded 
Index administered by the Bank of England (or any successor administrator 
thereof);
“SONIA Compounded Index Value” means, in relation to any London Business 
Day, the value of the SONIA Compounded Index as published by authorised 
distributors on the Relevant Screen Page on such London Business Day or, if the 
value of the SONIA Compounded Index cannot be obtained from the Relevant 
Screen Page, as published on the Bank of England’s website at 
www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such other page or website as 
may replace such page for the purposes of publishing the SONIA Compounded 
Index) in respect of such London Business Day;
“SONIA Compounded IndexEND” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the 
SONIA Compounded Index Value on the last day of the relevant SONIA 
Observation Period;
“SONIA Compounded IndexSTART” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the 
SONIA Compounded Index Value on the first day of the relevant SONIA 
Observation Period; and
“SONIA Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period 
from (and including) the date falling “p” London Business Days prior to the first 
day of such Interest Period (and the first SONIA Observation Period shall begin on 
(and include) the date which is “p” London Business Days prior to the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on (but excluding) the date which is “p” London

--- Page 67 ---
60
Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the 
date falling “p” London Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Notes become due and payable).
(y)
SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate
Where (i) Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined; (ii) the Reference Rate is specified hereon 
as being SONIA; and (iii) SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate is specified 
hereon as being applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject 
to Condition 4(e) and Condition 4(i), be the SONIA Compounded Daily Reference 
Rate determined as follows:
“SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate” means, in respect of an Interest 
Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily 
Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) 
and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, as follows:
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] × 365
𝑑
where:
“London Business Day”, “p” and “SONIA Observation Period” have the respective 
meanings set out in Condition 4(a)(iv)(C)(x);
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant:
(i)
SONIA Observation Period, where Observation Shift is specified hereon as 
being applicable; or
(ii)
Interest Period, where Lag is specified hereon as being applicable;
“do” is the number of London Business Days in the relevant:
(i)
SONIA Observation Period, where Observation Shift is specified hereon as 
being applicable; or
(ii)
Interest Period, where Lag is specified hereon as being applicable;
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
London Business Day in chronological order from (and including) the first London 
Business Day in the relevant:
(i)
SONIA Observation Period, where Observation Shift is specified hereon as 
being applicable, to (and including) the last London Business Day in the 
relevant SONIA Observation Period; or
(ii)
Interest Period, where Lag is specified hereon as being applicable, to (and 
including) the last London Business Day in the relevant Interest Period;
“ni”, for any London Business Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from 
(and including) such London Business Day “i” up to (but excluding) the next 
following London Business Day;

--- Page 68 ---
61
“SONIAi” means, in relation to any London Business Day, the SONIA reference 
rate in respect of:
(i)
that London Business Day “i”, where Observation Shift is specified hereon 
as being applicable; or
(ii)
the London Business Day (being a London Business Day falling in the 
relevant SONIA Observation Period) falling “p” London Business Days 
prior to the relevant London Business Day “i”, where Lag is specified 
hereon as being applicable; and
(iii)
the “SONIA reference rate”, in respect of any London Business Day, is a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average 
(“SONIA”) rate for such London Business Day as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on 
the Relevant Screen Page on the next following London Business Day or, if 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as published by authorised 
distributors on such next following London Business Day or, if SONIA 
cannot be obtained from the Relevant Screen Page, as published on the Bank 
of England’s website at www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or 
such other page or website as may replace such page for the purposes of 
publishing the SONIA reference rate).
(z)
Subject to Condition 4(i), where SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate hereon 
and either (i) SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate is specified hereon as 
being applicable or (ii) the SONIA Compounded Index Rate is specified hereon as 
being applicable and Condition 4(a)(iv)(C)(y) applies, if, in respect of any London 
Business Day, the SONIA reference rate is not available on the Relevant Screen 
Page or the Relevant Fallback Screen Page as applicable (or as otherwise provided 
in the relevant definition thereof) or as published on the Bank of England’s website 
at www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such other page or website as 
may replace such page for the purposes of publishing the SONIA reference rate), 
such Reference Rate shall be:
(i)
(1) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at close 
of business on the relevant London Business Day; plus (2) the mean of the 
spread of the SONIA reference rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five 
days on which the SONIA reference rate has been published, excluding the 
highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those 
highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest 
spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate, or
(ii)
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA reference rate published on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or as otherwise provided in the relevant 
definition thereof) or (if later) as published on the Bank of England’s 
website at www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such other 
page or website as may replace such page for the purposes of publishing the 
SONIA reference rate) for the first preceding London Business Day on 
which the SONIA reference rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or as otherwise provided in the relevant definition thereof) or (if later) as 
published 
on 
the 
Bank 
of 
England’s 
website 
at

--- Page 69 ---
62
www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such other page or 
website as may replace such page for the purposes of publishing the SONIA 
reference rate), and
(iii)
in each case, SONIAi shall be interpreted accordingly.
(aa)
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 9, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination 
Date specified hereon, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due 
and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such 
Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such date and as if (solely for the 
purpose of such interest determination) the relevant Interest Period had been 
shortened accordingly.
(D)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded SOFR
(x)
SOFR Compounded Index Rate
Where (i) Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined; (ii) the Reference Rate is specified hereon 
as being SOFR; and (iii) SOFR Compounded Index Rate is specified hereon as 
being applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject to 
Condition 4(e) and as provided below, be the SOFR Compounded Index Rate 
determined as follows.
“SOFR Compounded Index Rate” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment during the SOFR 
Observation Period relating to such Interest Period (with the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as 
follows:
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑁𝐷
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑇𝐴𝑅𝑇
−1) × (360
𝑑)
provided, however, that, and subject as provided below, if the SOFR Compounded 
Index Value is not available in relation to any Interest Period on the SOFR 
Administrator’s Website for the determination of either or both of SOFR 
Compounded IndexSTART and/or SOFR Compounded IndexEND and a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have not occurred 
with respect to such SOFR Compounded Index Value, the Rate of Interest shall be 
calculated for such Interest Period on the basis of the SOFR Compounded Daily 
Reference Rate as set out in Condition 4(a)(iv)(D)(y) as if SOFR Compounded 
Daily Reference Rate with Observation Shift had been specified hereon as being 
applicable,
where:
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant SOFR Observation Period;
“p” means, for any Interest Period, the whole number specified hereon (or, if no 
such number is so specified, five) representing a number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days;

--- Page 70 ---
63
“SOFR” means the daily secured overnight financing rate as provided by the SOFR 
Administrator on the SOFR Administrator’s Website;
“SOFR Administrator” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of SOFR);
“SOFR Administrator’s Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York, or any successor source;
“SOFR Compounded Index” means the index known as SOFR Index administered 
by the SOFR Administrator;
“SOFR Compounded Index Value” means, in relation to any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, the value of the SOFR Compounded Index as published 
by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at 3:00 p.m. 
(New York City time) on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day;
“SOFR Compounded IndexEND” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the SOFR 
Compounded Index Value on the last day of the relevant SOFR Observation Period;
“SOFR Compounded IndexSTART”means, in respect of an Interest Period, the SOFR 
Compounded Index Value on the first day of the relevant SOFR Observation 
Period;
“SOFR Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period 
from (and including) the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the first SOFR Observation 
Period shall begin on (and include) the date which is “p” U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on 
(but excluding) the date which is “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling “p” 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes become due and payable); and
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, 
a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be 
closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, if both a Benchmark Transition Event 
and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to 
determining the SOFR Compounded Index Rate, the benchmark replacement 
provisions set forth in Condition 4(a)(iv)(D)(aa) below shall apply for the purposes 
of all determinations of the Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes.
(y)
SOFR Compounded Daily Reference Rate
Where (i) Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined; (ii) the Reference Rate is specified hereon 
as being SOFR; and (iii) SOFR Compounded Daily Reference Rate is specified 
hereon as being applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject 
to Condition 4(e) and as provided below, be the SOFR Compounded Daily 
Reference Rate determined as follows:

--- Page 71 ---
64
“SOFR Compounded Daily Reference Rate” means, in respect of an Interest 
Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
as follows:
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] × 360
𝑑
where:
“p”, “SOFR Administrator”, “SOFR Administrator’s Website”, “SOFR 
Observation Period” and “U.S. Government Securities Business Day” have the 
respective meanings set out in Condition 4(a)(iv)(D)(x);
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant:
(i)
SOFR Observation Period, where Observation Shift is specified hereon as 
being applicable; or
(ii)
Interest Period, where Lag is specified hereon as being applicable;
“do” is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant:
(i)
SOFR Observation Period, where Observation Shift is specified hereon as 
being applicable; or
(ii)
Interest Period, where Lag is specified hereon as being applicable;
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from (and including) 
the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant:
(i)
SOFR Observation Period, where Observation Shift is specified hereon as 
being applicable, to (and including) the last U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in the relevant SOFR Observation Period; or
(ii)
Interest Period, where Lag is specified hereon as being applicable, to (and 
including) the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Period;
“ni”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”, means the number of 
calendar days from (and including) such U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
“i” up to (but excluding) the next following U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day;
“SOFRi” means, in relation to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the 
SOFR reference rate in respect of:
(i)
that U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”, where Observation Shift 
is specified hereon as being applicable; or
(ii)
the U.S. Government Securities Business Day (being a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day falling in the relevant SOFR Observation Period) 
falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant

--- Page 72 ---
65
U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”, where Lag is specified 
hereon as being applicable; and
the “SOFR reference rate” means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, a rate determined in accordance with the following provisions:
(i)
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day that appears on the SOFR Administrator’s Website 
at or about 3.00 p.m. (New York City time) on the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day immediately following such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day; and
(ii)
if the rate specified in paragraph (i) above does not so appear, unless both a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred, then the Calculation Agent shall use the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website for the first 
preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day on which the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate was published on the SOFR Administrator’s 
Website.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, if both a Benchmark Transition Event 
and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to 
determining the SOFR Compounded Daily Reference Rate, the benchmark 
replacement provisions set forth in Condition 4(a)(iv)(D)(aa) below shall apply for 
the purposes of all determinations of the Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes.
(z)
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 9, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination 
Date specified hereon, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due 
and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such 
Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such date and as if (solely for the 
purpose of such interest determination) the relevant Interest Period had been 
shortened accordingly.
(aa)
Notwithstanding any other provisions in these Conditions, if:
(i)
the Benchmark is SOFR; and
(ii)
any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to the Benchmark,
then the following provisions of this Condition 4(a)(iv)(D)(aa) shall apply.
(I)
Benchmark Replacement
If the relevant Issuer or its designee determines prior to the Reference Time 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date that a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will 
replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in 
respect of all determinations on such date and all determinations on all 
subsequent dates (subject to any subsequent application of this Condition 
4(a)(iv)(D)(aa) with respect to such Benchmark Replacement).

--- Page 73 ---
66
(II)
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the 
relevant Issuer or its designee will have the right to make Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time.
At the request of the relevant Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee of 
an officer’s certificate pursuant to Condition 4(a)(iv)(D)(aa)(IV) and 
subject as provided below, the Trustee shall (at the expense of the relevant 
Issuer), without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders, be obliged to concur with the relevant Issuer in effecting any 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (including, inter alia, by the 
execution of a supplemental trust deed to or amending the Trust Deed), 
provided that the Trustee shall not be obliged so to concur if in the opinion 
of the Trustee doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon it or 
expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or 
amend the protective provisions afforded to the Trustee in the Trust Deed 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental trust deed) in any 
way.
The Calculation Agent or any Paying Agent is not obliged to concur with 
the relevant Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes which, in the sole opinion of the Calculation Agent or the relevant 
Paying Agent, as the case may be, would impose more onerous obligations 
upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or 
reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent 
or the relevant Paying Agent (as applicable) in the Agency Agreement.
None of the Trustee, the Calculation Agent or any Paying Agent shall have 
any liability for any determination made by or on behalf of the relevant 
Issuer or its designee in connection with a Benchmark Transition Event or 
a Benchmark Replacement. For the avoidance of doubt, unless otherwise 
agreed upon in writing, the Trustee, the Calculation Agent or any Paying 
Agent shall in no event be the relevant Issuer’s designee.
(III)
Decisions and Determinations
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the relevant 
Issuer or its designee pursuant to this Condition 4(a)(iv)(D)(aa), including 
(without limitation) any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or 
adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, 
circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any 
action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest 
error, may be made in the relevant Issuer’s or its designee’s sole discretion 
(as applicable), and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these 
Conditions or the Trust Deed, shall become effective without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders or any other party.
In connection with any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes in 
accordance with this Condition 4(a)(iv)(D)(aa), the relevant Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the 
time being listed or admitted to trading.

--- Page 74 ---
67
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(a)(iv)(D)(aa), no 
Benchmark Replacement will be adopted, nor will the applicable 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment be applied, nor will any Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes be made, if and to the extent that, in the 
determination of the relevant Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected 
to prejudice the then current or future qualification of the Notes as eligible 
liabilities or loss absorbing capacity instruments for the purposes of the 
Loss Absorption Regulations.
(IV)
Notice and Certification
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and 
the specific terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
determined under this Condition 4(a)(iv)(D)(aa) will be notified at least 10 
business days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date by the 
relevant Issuer to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, 
promptly thereafter, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders. 
Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, if any.
No later than notifying the Noteholders of the same, the relevant Issuer shall 
deliver to the Trustee an officer’s certificate:
(A)
confirming (a) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (b) 
the Benchmark Replacement, (c) the applicable Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment and (d) the specific terms of the 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (if any), in each case 
as determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 
4(a)(iv)(D)(aa); and
(B)
certifying that the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (if 
any) are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Benchmark 
Replacement 
and 
the 
applicable 
Benchmark 
Replacement 
Adjustment.
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without liability to 
any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Benchmark Replacement, 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the 
absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Benchmark 
Replacement, the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes (if any) and without prejudice to the 
Trustee’s ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the 
relevant Issuer, the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and 
the Noteholders.
(V)
Definitions
In this Condition 4(a)(iv)(D)(aa):
“Benchmark” means, initially, SOFR (provided that if a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used in the

--- Page 75 ---
68
calculation thereof) or any Benchmark which has replaced it in accordance 
with this Condition 4(a)(iv)(D)(aa), then the term “Benchmark” means the 
applicable Benchmark Replacement);
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set out in the order 
below that can be determined by the relevant Issuer or its designee as at the 
Benchmark Replacement Date:
(A)
the sum of: (1) the alternative rate of interest that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark and (2) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment;
(B)
the sum of: (1) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (2) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; or
(C)
the sum of: (1) the alternative rate of interest that has been selected 
by the relevant Issuer or its designee as the replacement for the then-
current Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark for U.S. dollar denominated floating rate notes at such 
time and (2) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set out in 
the order below that can be determined by the relevant Issuer or its designee 
as at the Benchmark Replacement Date:
(A)
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero), or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement;
(B)
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent 
to the ISDA Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or
(C)
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero) that has been selected by the relevant Issuer or its designee 
giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread 
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with 
the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar 
denominated floating rate notes at such time;
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to 
any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational 
changes (including changes to the definition of Interest Period, timing and 
frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding 
amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the relevant Issuer 
or its designee decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such 
Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market 
practice (or, if the relevant Issuer or its designee decides that adoption of 
any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the

--- Page 76 ---
69
relevant Issuer or its designee determines that no market practice for use of 
the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the relevant 
Issuer or its designee determines is reasonably necessary);
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the 
daily published component used in the calculation thereof):
(A)
in the case of paragraph (A) or (B) of the definition of “Benchmark 
Transition Event”, the later of (1) the date of the public statement or 
publication of information referenced therein and (2) the date on 
which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
or
(B)
in the case of paragraph (C) of the definition of “Benchmark 
Transition Event”, the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein.
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Benchmark 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference 
Time for such determination;
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the 
daily published component used in the calculation thereof):
(A)
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing 
that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component), permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component);
(B)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component), the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or 
such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark 
(or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency 
or resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark (or 
such component), which states that the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide 
the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); or

--- Page 77 ---
70
(C)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that 
the Benchmark is no longer representative;
“designee” means an affiliate or any other agent of the relevant Issuer;
“ISDA Definitions” has the meaning given to it in Condition 16;
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be 
a positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark;
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the 
applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment;
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark 
means (A) if the Benchmark is SOFR, 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) or 
such other time as is reasonably agreed between the relevant Issuer or its 
designee and the Calculation Agent and (B) if the Benchmark is not SOFR, 
the time determined by the relevant Issuer or its designee in accordance with 
the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes;
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board and/or 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed 
or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York or any successor thereto; and
“Unadjusted 
Benchmark 
Replacement” 
means 
the 
Benchmark 
Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.
(E)
Linear Interpolation
Where Linear Interpolation is specified hereon as applicable in respect of an Interest 
Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as applicable) or 
the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as 
applicable), one of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period, provided however, that if there is no such rate available for the period of 
time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the relevant Issuer shall 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate.
(b)
Resettable Notes
(i)
Each Resettable Note bears interest on its outstanding amount:

--- Page 78 ---
71
(A)
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date up to (but excluding) the First 
Resettable Note Reset Date at the Initial Rate of Interest;
(B)
from (and including) the First Resettable Note Reset Date to (but excluding) the Second 
Resettable Note Reset Date or, if no such Second Resettable Note Reset Date is specified 
hereon, the Maturity Date, at the First Reset Rate of Interest; and
(C)
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate 
of Interest.
Interest will be payable in arrear on each Resettable Note Interest Payment Date and on the date 
specified hereon as the Maturity Date.
(ii)
Fallback Provisions for Resettable Notes
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap 
Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Calculation Agent shall request each of 
the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation 
as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on the 
Reset Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum 
of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. 
being rounded upwards) of the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the First Margin 
or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) with such sum converted as set out in the definition of First 
Reset Rate of Interest or Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable), all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent.
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 4(b)(ii), the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate 
of Interest (as applicable) shall be determined to be the Rate of Interest as at the last preceding 
Resettable Note Reset Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the First Reset 
Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest (though substituting, in each case, the 
Subsequent Margin or First Margin, as appropriate, if different for each Reset Period).
(c)
Zero Coupon Notes
Where a Note, the Interest Basis of which is specified to be zero coupon, is repayable prior to the 
Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be 
the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any 
overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 5(e)(i)).
(d)
Accrual of Interest
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon due presentation, 
payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (both before 
and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 4 to the Relevant 
Date (as defined in Condition 16).

--- Page 79 ---
72
(e)
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts and Rounding
(i)
If any Margin is specified hereon (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more Interest 
Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of 
Interest for the specified Interest Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with 
Condition 4(a) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting (if a negative number) the 
absolute value of such Margin specified on the Notes, subject always to the next paragraph.
(ii)
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Optional Redemption Amount is specified on 
the Notes, then such Rate of Interest or Optional Redemption Amount shall be subject to such 
maximum or minimum, as the case may be.
(iii)
Unless otherwise stated hereon, the Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest Period shall not be 
less than zero.
(iv)
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 of a percentage point 
being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (provided that if 
the eighth significant figure is a 5 or greater, the seventh significant figure shall be rounded up) 
and (z) all currency amounts which fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of 
such currency (with half a unit being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded 
down to the nearest yen. For these purposes, “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency 
which is available as legal tender in the countries of such currency.
(f)
Calculations
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any Interest Period 
shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount specified hereon, and the 
Day Count Fraction for such Interest Period, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) 
is applicable to such Interest Period, in which case the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be 
calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest 
Periods, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall 
be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest Periods. In respect of any 
other period for which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the 
Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required to be calculated.
(g)
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Clean-up Call 
Option Amounts
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on each Interest Determination Date, or (if 
applicable) Reset Determination Date or such other time on such date as it may be required to calculate 
any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate 
and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period, calculate the Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Clean-up Call 
Option Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, 
and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Period or Reset Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date and/or Resettable Note Interest Payment Date and, if required to be 
calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or 
Clean-up Call Option Amount to be notified to the Trustee, the relevant Issuer, each of the Paying Agents,

--- Page 80 ---
73
the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further 
calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the 
rules of such exchange or other relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant authority 
as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the 
relevant Interest Period or Reset Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to 
such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business 
Day after such determination. Where any date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 4(a)(ii), the 
Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date or Resettable Note Interest Payment Date so published 
may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made with the consent of the 
Trustee by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest 
Period or Reset Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 9, the accrued interest and 
the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall, subject in the case of each of the SONIA 
Compounded Index Rate, the SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate, the SOFR Compounded 
Index Rate and the SOFR Compounded Daily Reference Rate to Condition 4(a)(iv)(C) or 4(a)(iv)(D, as 
applicable, nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition 4 but 
no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made unless the 
Trustee otherwise requires. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and 
the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties.
(h)
Calculation Agents
The relevant Issuer will procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if 
provision is made for them in the Conditions applicable to this Note and for so long as it is outstanding. 
Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these 
Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its 
respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or 
if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or Reset Period 
or to calculate any Interest Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount or Clean-up Call Option Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other 
requirements, the relevant Issuer will appoint a leading bank or financial institution engaged in the 
interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most 
closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting 
through its principal London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such 
in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed 
as aforesaid.
(i)
Benchmark Discontinuation
If (i) the Original Reference Rate is not SOFR and (ii) a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the 
Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply (with 
effect from 30 days prior to the first date when such determination is necessary).
(i)
Independent Adviser
The relevant Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, to consult with the relevant Issuer in determining a Successor 
Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 4(i)(ii)) and, in either case, 
an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 4(i)(iv)).

--- Page 81 ---
74
In making such determination, the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4(i) 
and the relevant Issuer shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. In the 
absence of bad faith or fraud, the relevant Issuer and the Independent Adviser shall have no 
liability whatsoever to the relevant Issuer, the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents 
or the Noteholders, as applicable, for any determination made by the relevant Issuer and/or for 
any advice given to the relevant Issuer in connection with any determination made by the relevant 
Issuer pursuant to this Condition 4(i).
If (i) the relevant Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the relevant Issuer 
fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this 
Condition 4(i) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to 
the next succeeding Interest Period shall (subject as provided below) be equal to the Rate of 
Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest 
Period. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the Initial 
Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period. For 
the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period 
only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to 
adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4(i)(i).
For the purposes of this Condition 4(i) only, in respect of any Resettable Notes, references to (i) 
Interest Determination Date shall be read as references to Reset Determination Date, (ii) Interest 
Period shall be read as references to Reset Period and (iii) Interest Payment Date shall be read as 
references to Resettable Note Reset Date.
(ii)
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate
If the relevant Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that:
(A)
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread 
shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate 
of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 4(i)); or
(B)
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate 
and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 
4(i)).
(iii)
Adjustment Spread
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment Spread) 
shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).
(iv)
Benchmark Amendments
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread 
is determined in accordance with this Condition 4(i) and the relevant Issuer, following

--- Page 82 ---
75
consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions and/or the Trust Deed are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in 
either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark 
Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the relevant Issuer shall, 
subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 4(i)(v) without any requirement for 
the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions and/or of the Trust Deed to give 
effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice.
At the request of the relevant Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee of an officer’s certificate 
pursuant to Condition 4(i)(v), the Trustee shall (at the expense of the relevant Issuer), without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, be obliged to concur with the 
relevant Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution 
of a supplemental trust deed to or amending the Trust Deed), provided that the Trustee shall not 
be obliged so to concur if in the opinion of the Trustee doing so would impose more onerous 
obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or 
amend the protective provisions afforded to the Trustee in the Trust Deed (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any supplemental trust deed) in any way.
The Calculation Agent or any Paying Agent is not obliged to concur with the relevant Issuer in 
effecting any Benchmark Amendments which, in the sole opinion of the Calculation Agent or the 
relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, would impose more onerous obligations upon it or 
expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective 
provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent (as applicable) in the 
Agency Agreement.
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4(i), the relevant Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed 
or admitted to trading.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(i), no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
will be adopted, nor will the applicable Adjustment Spread be applied, nor will any Benchmark 
Amendments be made, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the relevant Issuer, the 
same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the then current or future qualification of the 
Notes as own funds and eligible liabilities or loss absorbing capacity instruments for the purposes 
of the Relevant Regulator or by the Loss Absorption Regulations in the case of Notes that are 
Loss Absorption Notes or further, in the case of Loss Absorption Notes, could reasonably be 
expected to result in the Relevant Regulator treating the next Interest Payment Date or Reset 
Date, as the effective maturity date of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date.
(v)
Notices, etc.
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 4(i) will be notified at least 10 
business days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date by the relevant Issuer to the 
Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, promptly thereafter, in accordance with 
Condition 13, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective 
date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.
No later than notifying the Noteholders of the same, the relevant Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee 
an officer’s certificate:

--- Page 83 ---
76
(A)
confirming (a) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (b) the Successor Rate or, as the case 
may be, the Alternative Rate, (c) the applicable Adjustment Spread and (d) the specific 
terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each case as determined in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition 4(i); and
(B)
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread.
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without liability to any person) as 
sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread 
and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of 
manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the 
Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the 
Trustee’s ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the relevant Issuer, the 
Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders.
(vi)
Survival of Original Reference Rate
Without prejudice to the obligations of the relevant Issuer under Conditions 4(i)(i), 4(i)(ii), 
4(i)(iii) and 4(i)(iv), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in 
Condition 4(a)(iv) and Condition 4(b), as applicable, will continue to apply unless and until a 
Benchmark Event has occurred.
5
Redemption, Purchase and Options
(a)
Final redemption
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled or (pursuant to Condition 5(k)) substituted, each 
Note will be redeemed at its Final Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise provided, is its nominal 
amount) on the Maturity Date specified on each Note.
(b)
Redemption for taxation reasons
If, as a result of any amendment to, or change in, the laws or regulations of Ireland or any political 
subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax or in the officially 
published application or interpretation or administration of any such laws or regulations which becomes 
effective on or after the Issue Date of the last Tranche of the Notes, the relevant Issuer would, on the 
occasion of the next payment date in respect of the Notes, be required to pay additional amounts as 
provided in Condition 7, the relevant Issuer may, at its sole discretion, on any Interest Payment Date (if 
this Note is a Floating Rate Note) or at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) on giving not 
more than 45 nor less than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the date fixed for redemption) in accordance with Condition 13 and (if this Note is a Loss 
Absorption Note) subject to Condition 5(j), redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early 
Redemption Amount as specified hereon together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant 
date fixed for redemption. Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 
5(b), the relevant Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of 
the relevant Issuer stating that the relevant Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth 
a statement of the facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the relevant Issuer so to 
redeem have occurred and the Trustee shall be entitled to accept such certificate without further inquiry 
as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent referred to above, in which event it 
shall be conclusive and binding on the Trustee and the holders of the Notes and Coupons.

--- Page 84 ---
77
(c)
Redemption due to Loss Absorption Disqualification Event
If a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event is specified hereon as being applicable and if the relevant 
Issuer determines that a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing, the 
relevant Issuer may redeem (at its sole discretion and subject to Condition 5(j)) all, but not some only, 
of the Notes, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if 
this Note is a Floating Rate Note) at their Early Redemption Amount as specified hereon together with 
interest accrued, to (but excluding) the relevant date fixed for redemption, on giving not less than 30 nor 
more than 60 days’ notice in accordance with Condition 13 (which notice shall be irrevocable and specify 
the date fixed for redemption).
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 5(c), the relevant Issuer 
shall deliver to the Trustee a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the relevant Issuer 
stating that the relevant Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of the 
facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the relevant Issuer so to redeem have occurred 
and the Trustee shall be entitled to accept such certificate without further inquiry as sufficient evidence 
of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent referred to above, in which event it shall be conclusive 
and binding on the Trustee, the Noteholders and the Couponholders.
(d)
Purchases
Subject, as applicable, to Condition 5(j), the relevant Issuer and any of its subsidiaries may purchase (or 
otherwise acquire), or procure others to purchase (or otherwise acquire) beneficially for its account, 
Notes (provided that, in the case of Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
appertaining thereto are attached or surrendered therewith) in any manner and at any price.
(e)
Early redemption
(i)
Zero Coupon Notes
(A)
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Conditions 5(b) and 5(c) above or upon it becoming 
due and payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be the Amortised Face Amount 
(calculated as provided below) of such Note unless otherwise specified hereon.
(B)
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Face Amount of any 
such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity 
Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation 
Yield (which, if none is shown hereon, shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised 
Face Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were discounted back to their 
issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually.
(C)
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption 
pursuant to Conditions 5(b) and 5(c) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in 
Condition 9 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and payable in 
respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as described in 
sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the 
date on which the Note becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation 
of the Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be 
made (both before and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date 
falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the 
scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any 
interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 4(c).

--- Page 85 ---
78
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on the 
basis of the Day Count Fraction shown hereon.
(ii)
Other Notes
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes described in 
paragraph (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 5(b) or 5(c) or upon 
it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9, shall be the Final Redemption Amount 
unless otherwise specified hereon.
(f)
Redemption at the option of the relevant Issuer
If Call Option is specified on the Notes as being applicable, the relevant Issuer may, at its sole discretion 
but subject to Condition 5(j) in the case of Loss Absorption Notes, on giving not less than 15 nor more 
than 30 days’ notice (such notice shall be irrevocable and specify the date fixed for redemption) to the 
Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified on the Notes) redeem all (or, if so provided, 
some) of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date (as specified in the Final Terms). Any such 
redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the relevant date fixed for redemption.
Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum 
Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified hereon and no greater than the Maximum Redemption 
Amount to be redeemed specified hereon.
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition.
In the case of a partial redemption the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the serial numbers of the 
Bearer Notes or, in the case of Registered Notes, shall specify the nominal amount of Registered Notes 
drawn and the holder(s) of such Registered Notes, to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such 
place as the Trustee may approve and in such manner as it deems appropriate, subject to compliance 
with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant authority requirements.
(g)
Clean-up Call Option
If (i) Clean-up Call Option is specified hereon as being applicable and (ii) the Clean-up Call Minimum 
Percentage (or more) of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes originally issued has been 
redeemed or purchased and subsequently cancelled by the relevant Issuer, the relevant Issuer may, at its 
sole discretion, but subject to Condition 5(j) in the case of Loss Absorption Notes, from (and including) 
the Clean-up Call Effective Date on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice (such notice 
shall be irrevocable and specify the date fixed for redemption) to the Noteholders (or such other notice 
period as may be specified on the Notes) redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes then outstanding 
at the Clean-up Call Option Amount specified on the Notes together with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the relevant date fixed for redemption.
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition.
For the purposes of this provision, any additional notes issued pursuant to Condition 12 so as to be 
consolidated and form a single series with the Notes outstanding at that time will be deemed to have 
been originally issued.
For the purposes of this provision, “Clean-up Call Effective Date” means the Issue Date of the first 
tranche of the Notes.

--- Page 86 ---
79
(h)
Redemption at the option of Noteholders
If Put Option is specified hereon as being applicable, the relevant Issuer shall, at the option of the holder 
of any such Note, upon the holder of such Note giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to 
the relevant Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified hereon) redeem such Note on the 
Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the relevant date fixed for redemption.
To exercise such option the holder must deposit (in the case of Bearer Notes) such Note (together with 
all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent or (in the case of Registered 
Notes) the Certificate representing such Note(s) with the Registrar or any Transfer Agent at its specified 
office, together with a duly completed option exercise notice in the form obtainable from any Paying 
Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (as applicable) within the notice period. No Note or 
Certificate so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency 
Agreement) without the prior consent of the relevant Issuer.
(i)
Cancellation
All Notes redeemed or substituted by the relevant Issuer pursuant to this Condition 5 will forthwith be 
cancelled. All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the relevant Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may be 
held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the relevant Issuer, surrendered for cancellation, in the case of 
Bearer Notes, by surrendering each such Note together with all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged 
Talons to the Issuing and Paying Agent and, in the case of Registered Notes, by surrendering the 
Certificate representing such Notes to the Registrar and, in each case, if so surrendered, shall, together 
with all Notes redeemed by the relevant Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together, in the case of Bearer 
Notes, with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). 
Any Notes so surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the 
relevant Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be permanently and irrevocably discharged.
(j)
Conditions to Redemption, Purchase or Modification of Loss Absorption Notes
Any redemption, purchase or modification of any Loss Absorption Note in accordance with Conditions 
5(b), 5(c), 5(d), 5(f) or 10, as the case may be, is subject to the following conditions (in each case to the 
extent, and in the manner, required by the Relevant Regulator and the Loss Absorption Regulations):
(i)
the relevant Issuer giving notice to the Relevant Regulator and the Relevant Regulator granting 
permission to redeem, purchase or modify the relevant Loss Absorption Notes; and/or
(ii)
the relevant Issuer, before or at the same time as any redemption or purchase, replaces the relevant 
Loss Absorption Notes with own funds or eligible liabilities instruments of equal or higher quality 
at terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the institution; and/or
(iii)
the relevant Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that the own 
funds and eligible liabilities of the relevant Issuer would, following any such redemption or 
purchase of the Loss Absorption Notes, exceed the requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities laid down in the Loss Absorption Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Regulator 
considers necessary; and/or
(iv)
the relevant Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that the 
partial or full replacement of the Notes is necessary to ensure compliance with the own funds 
requirements laid down in the Loss Absorption Regulations for continuing authorisation; and/or

--- Page 87 ---
80
(v)
compliance with any alternative or additional pre-conditions to such redemption, purchase or 
modification as may be required by the Relevant Regulator or the Loss Absorption Regulations 
at such time.
(k)
Substitution and Variation
If “Substitution and Variation” is specified hereon as being applicable, then:
(i)
Substitution and Variation
If a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing, the relevant Issuer 
(in its sole discretion but subject to the provisions of paragraph (ii) below), having given:
(A)
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13; and
(B)
prior notice to the Trustee before the giving of the notice referred to in (A) and having 
delivered to the Trustee the certificate referred to in the definition of “Loss Absorption 
Compliant Notes” in Condition 16,
(which notices shall be irrevocable), may, without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
the Noteholders, either substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes for, or vary the terms of the 
Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Loss Absorption Compliant Notes. Upon 
the expiry of the notice referred to in (A) above, the relevant Issuer shall either vary the terms of 
or, as the case may be, substitute the Notes in accordance with this Condition 5(k)(i) and, subject 
as set out in Conditions 5(k)(ii) and (iii), the Trustee shall agree to such substitution or variation.
In connection with any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 5(k), the 
relevant Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which such Notes are for 
the time being listed or admitted to trading.
(ii)
Conditions to Substitution and Variation
Any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 5(k) is subject to the following 
conditions:
(A)
the relevant Issuer shall have obtained the permission from the Relevant Regulator (if then 
required by the Relevant Regulator or by the Loss Absorption Regulations at such time);
(B)
such substitution or variation must be permitted by, and conducted in accordance with, 
any other applicable requirement of the Relevant Regulator or under the Loss Absorption 
Regulations at such time;
(C)
such substitution or variation shall not result in any event or circumstance which at or 
around that time gives the relevant Issuer a redemption right in respect of the Notes; and
(D)
prior to the publication of any notice of substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 
5(k), the relevant Issuer shall have delivered to the Trustee a certificate signed by two 
Authorised Signatories of the relevant Issuer stating that the Loss Absorption 
Disqualification Event giving rise to the right to substitute or vary the Notes has occurred 
and is continuing as at the date of the certificate, that all conditions set out in (A), (B) and 
(C) above have been satisfied and the Trustee shall be entitled to accept such certificate 
without any further inquiry as sufficient evidence thereof, in which event it shall be 
conclusive and binding on the Trustee, the Noteholders and, as applicable, the 
Couponholders.

--- Page 88 ---
81
(iii)
Role of the Trustee in Substitution and Variation
The Trustee shall, subject to the relevant Issuer’s compliance with Condition 5(k)(ii) and the 
provision of the certificates signed by two Authorised Signatories of the relevant Issuer and at 
the expense and cost of the relevant Issuer, use its reasonable endeavours to assist the relevant 
Issuer in any substitution or variation of Notes pursuant to this Condition 5(k), except that the 
Trustee shall not be obliged to assist in any such substitution or variation if either such 
substitution or variation itself or the terms of the proposed Loss Absorption Compliant Notes 
would impose, in the Trustee’s opinion, more onerous obligations upon it or require the Trustee 
to incur any liability for which it is not indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction.
6
Payments and Talons
(a)
Bearer Notes
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, be made 
against presentation and surrender of the relevant Notes (in the case of all payments of principal and, in 
the case of interest, as specified in Condition 6(f)(v)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified 
in Condition 6(f)(ii)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer 
to an account denominated in such currency with, a Bank. “Bank” means a bank in the principal financial 
centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET 
System.
(b)
Registered Notes
(i)
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes shall be made against presentation and 
surrender of the relevant Certificates at the specified office of any of the Transfer Agents or of 
the Registrar and in the manner provided in paragraph (ii) below.
(ii)
Interest on Registered Notes shall be paid to the person shown on the Register at the close of 
business on the fifteenth day before the due date for payment thereof (the “Record Date”). 
Payments of interest on each Registered Note shall be made in the relevant currency by cheque 
drawn on a Bank and mailed to the holder (or to the first-named of joint holders) of such Note at 
its address appearing in the Register. Upon application by the holder to the specified office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record Date, such payment of interest may be made 
by transfer to an account in the relevant currency maintained by the payee with a Bank.
(c)
Payments in the United States
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in respect 
thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner 
as aforesaid if (i) the relevant Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside 
the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of 
such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United 
States law, without involving, in the opinion of the relevant Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the 
relevant Issuer.

--- Page 89 ---
82
(d)
Payments subject to law etc.
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in 
the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7. No commission or expenses 
shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments.
(e)
Appointment of Agents
The Issuing and Paying Agent, the other Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the 
Calculation Agent initially appointed by the relevant Issuer and their respective specified offices are 
listed below. The Issuing and Paying Agent, the other Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents 
and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the relevant Issuer and, in certain circumstances 
specified in the Agency Agreement, of the Trustee and do not assume any obligation or relationship of 
agency or trust for or with any Noteholder or Couponholder. The relevant Issuer reserves the right at any 
time with the approval of the Trustee to vary or terminate the appointment of the Issuing and Paying 
Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to 
appoint additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer Agents, provided that the relevant Issuer shall at 
all times maintain (i) an Issuing and Paying Agent, (ii) a Registrar in relation to Registered Notes, (iii) a 
Transfer Agent in relation to Registered Notes, (iv) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the 
Conditions so require, (v) a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the jurisdiction in 
which the relevant Issuer is incorporated and (vi) such other agents as may be required by any other 
stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed, in each case, as approved by the Trustee.
In addition, the relevant Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York in respect of any 
Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) above.
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office will promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13.
(f)
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons
(i)
Upon the due date for redemption of Bearer Notes which comprise Fixed Rate Notes, those Notes 
should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, 
failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the 
case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured 
Coupon which the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) will be deducted from 
the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or 
Clean-up Call Option Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted 
will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a 
period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such 
Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 8).
(ii)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note comprising a Floating Rate Note, 
unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no 
payment shall be made in respect of them.
(iii)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such 
Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect of 
such Talon.
(iv)
Where any Bearer Note which provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become void 
upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons, and where any Bearer Note is presented for redemption without any

--- Page 90 ---
83
unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provisions of such 
indemnity as the relevant Issuer may require.
(v)
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, interest 
accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement Date, 
as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of 
the relevant Bearer Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be. Interest accrued on a 
Note which only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such 
Note against presentation of the relevant Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be.
(g)
Talons
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued in 
respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary 
another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons which may have become void 
pursuant to Condition 8).
(h)
Non-Business Days
If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall not be 
entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of 
such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of 
presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” hereon and:
(i)
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by transfer 
to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange 
transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such currency; or
(ii)
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day.
7
Taxation
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by the relevant Issuer shall be 
made free and clear of, and without deduction or withholding for or on account of, any taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by Ireland or any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such deduction or withholding is required by law. In 
such event, the relevant Issuer shall (i) in the case of Loss Absorption Notes, in respect of payments of interest 
(but not principal or any other amount) or (ii) in the case of Notes other than Loss Absorption Notes, in respect 
of all payments of principal and interest, pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders 
or, as the case may be, the Couponholders of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such 
deduction or withholding been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect 
to any Note or Coupon:
(i)
presented (or in respect of which the Certificate representing it is presented) for payment by or on behalf 
of a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such 
Note or Coupon by reason of their having some connection with Ireland, other than the mere holding of 
such Note or Coupon or the receipt of the relevant payment in respect thereof; or

--- Page 91 ---
84
(ii)
presented (or in respect of which the Certificate representing it is presented) for payment more than 30 
days after the Relevant Date, except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to 
such additional amounts on presenting the same for payment on such 30th day; or
(iii)
presented (or in respect of which the Certificate representing it is presented) by, or by a third party on 
behalf of, a holder who could lawfully avoid (but has not so avoided) such deduction or withholding by 
complying or procuring that any third party complies with any statutory requirements or by making or 
procuring that any third party makes a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption 
to any tax authority in the place where the relevant Note (or the Certificate representing it) or Coupon is 
presented for payment.
References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of 
the Notes, all Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Clean-
up Call Option Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable 
pursuant to Condition 5 or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all 
Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 4 or any amendment or supplement to it 
and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be deemed to include any additional amounts which may be payable 
under this Condition or any undertaking given in addition to or in substitution for it under the Trust Deed.
For the avoidance of doubt, any amounts to be paid on the Notes will be subject in all cases to any withholding 
or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any regulations thereunder or official interpretations 
thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement between the United States and Ireland, facilitating the 
implementation thereof (or any law implementing such an intergovernmental agreement). Any such amounts 
withheld or deducted will be treated as paid for all purposes under the Notes, and no additional amounts will 
be paid on the Notes with respect to any such withholding or deduction.
8
Prescription
Claims against the relevant Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which, for this purpose 
shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years (in the case of 
principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect thereof.
9
Events of Default
(a)
Non-restricted Events of Default
This Condition 9(a) shall apply unless “Restricted Events of Default” is specified as being applicable 
hereon (in which case Condition 9(b) shall apply).
If any of the following events (“Events of Default”) occurs and is continuing, the Trustee, at its discretion 
may, and if so requested by holders of at least one-fifth in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding 
or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution shall (subject, in each case, to being indemnified and/or 
secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction), give written notice to the relevant Issuer that the Notes 
are, and they shall immediately become, due and repayable at their Early Redemption Amount together 
(if applicable) with accrued interest as provided in the Trust Deed:
(i)
Non-Payment: default is made for more than seven days (in the case of principal) or 15 days (in 
the case of any other amount in respect of the Notes) after the due date for payment of interest or 
principal in respect of any of the Notes provided that it shall not be an Event of Default if the 
non-payment is due solely to administrative error (whether by the relevant Issuer or a bank 
involved in transferring funds to the Issuing and Paying Agent) and payment is made within three

--- Page 92 ---
85
business days in London after notice of that non-payment has been given to the relevant Issuer 
by the Trustee; or
(ii)
Breach of Other Obligations: the relevant Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or 
more of its other obligations in the Notes or the Trust Deed which default is incapable of remedy 
or, if in the opinion of the Trustee, is capable of remedy, and is not in the opinion of the Trustee 
remedied within 60 days after notice of such default shall have been given to the relevant Issuer 
by the Trustee, provided that the Trustee shall have certified that, in its opinion, such breach is 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or
(iii)
Insolvency: the relevant Issuer is (or is, or could be, deemed by law or a court to be) insolvent or 
is unable or deemed to be unable to pay its debts (within the meaning of section 570 of the 
Companies Act 2014 or Section 28 of the Central Bank Act 1971 of Ireland (as amended)), as the 
same may be amended, modified or re-enacted, or admits in writing its inability to pay its debts 
as they mature; or
(iv)
Winding-up: an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the winding-up of the relevant 
Issuer, or the relevant Issuer ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or substantially all of its 
business or operations, except for the purpose of, and followed by, a reconstruction, 
amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation on terms approved in writing by the 
Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders.
(b)
Restricted Events of Default
(i)
Restricted Events of Default
This Condition 9(b) shall apply only if “Restricted Events of Default” is specified hereon as being 
applicable.
(A)
If the relevant Issuer shall not make payment in respect of the Notes (in the case of any 
payment of principal and/or premium) for a period of seven days or more after the due 
date for the same or (in the case of any payment of interest) for a period of 15 days or 
more after a date upon which the payment of interest is due (provided that it shall not be 
a Restricted Event of Default if the non-payment is due solely to administrative error 
(whether by the relevant Issuer or a bank involved in transferring funds to the Issuing and 
Paying Agent) and payment is made within three business days in London after notice of 
that non-payment has been given to the relevant Issuer by the Trustee), the Trustee may, 
subject as provided in (ii) below, at its discretion, institute proceedings in Ireland (but not 
elsewhere) for the winding-up of the relevant Issuer but (save as provided in (B) below) 
may take no further action in respect of such default.
(B)
In the event of a Winding-Up, whether or not instituted by the Trustee pursuant to (A), the 
Trustee may, subject as provided in (ii) below, at its discretion, give written notice to the 
relevant Issuer that the Notes are, and they shall accordingly thereby forthwith become, 
immediately due and repayable at their Early Redemption Amount as defined in Condition 
5(e), plus accrued interest as provided in the Trust Deed.
(C)
Without prejudice to paragraphs (A) and (B) above, the Trustee may, subject as provided 
in (ii) below, at its discretion and without further notice, institute such proceedings against 
the relevant Issuer as it may think fit to enforce any obligation, condition or provision 
binding on the relevant Issuer under the Notes, the Coupons or the Trust Deed (other than 
any obligation for the payment of any principal, premium or interest in respect of the 
Notes), provided that the relevant Issuer shall not as a consequence of such proceedings

--- Page 93 ---
86
be obliged to pay any sum or sums representing or measured by reference to principal or 
interest in respect of the Notes sooner than the same would otherwise have been due and 
payable by it or any damages.
(ii)
Enforcement
The Trustee shall be bound to take action as referred to in Condition 9(b)(i)(A), (B) or (C) above 
if (1) it shall have been so requested by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders or in 
writing by the holders of at least one-fifth in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding and 
(2) it shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction.
No Noteholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the relevant Issuer unless the Trustee, 
having become bound so to proceed, fails or is unable to do so within a reasonable period and 
such failure or inability shall be continuing, in which case the Noteholder shall have only such 
rights against the relevant Issuer as those which the Trustee is entitled to exercise pursuant to this 
Condition 9.
No Noteholder shall be entitled to institute proceedings for the winding-up of the relevant Issuer, 
or to prove in any Winding-Up, except that if the Trustee, having become bound to proceed 
against the relevant Issuer as aforesaid, fails to do so within a reasonable period and the failure 
shall be continuing or, being able to prove in any Winding-Up, fails to do so, then any such holder 
may, on giving an indemnity satisfactory to the Trustee, institute proceedings for the winding-up 
in Ireland (but not elsewhere) of the relevant Issuer and/or prove in any Winding-Up to the same 
extent (but not further or otherwise) that the Trustee would have been entitled so to do in respect 
of its Notes.
No remedy against the relevant Issuer, other than as referred to in this Condition 9, shall be 
available to the Trustee or the Noteholders whether for the recovery of amounts owing in respect 
of the Notes or under the Trust Deed or in respect of any breach by the relevant Issuer of any of 
its obligations under the Trust Deed or the Notes (other than for recovery of the Trustee’s 
remuneration or expenses).
10
Meetings of Noteholders, Modifications, Waiver and Substitution
(a)
Meetings of Noteholders
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders (including meetings held via 
an electronic platform (as defined in the Trust Deed)) to consider any matter affecting their interests, 
including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of any of these Conditions or 
any provisions of the Trust Deed. Such a meeting may be convened by the relevant Issuer or the Trustee 
and shall be convened by the relevant Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than 
10 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. The quorum for any meeting 
convened to consider an Extraordinary Resolution shall be two or more persons holding or representing 
a clear majority in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned 
meeting two or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the 
Notes held or represented, unless the business of such meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter 
alia, (i) to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes, or any date for payment of interest 
or Interest Amounts thereon, (ii) to reduce or cancel the principal amount, or any premium payable on 
redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to vary the 
method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any 
Interest Amount in respect thereof, (iv) if there is shown on the face of the Notes a Minimum Rate of 
Interest and/or a Maximum Rate of Interest, to reduce such Minimum Rate of Interest and/or such

--- Page 94 ---
87
Maximum Rate of Interest, (v) to change any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final Redemption 
Amount, the Early Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount, the Clean-up Call Option 
Amount or the Amortised Face Amount of any Note, (vi) to change the currency or currencies of payment 
of the Notes (other than upon the country of such currency adopting the euro as its currency), (vii) to 
modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or any 
adjournment thereof or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution or (viii) to alter the 
provisions as to the status of the Notes contained in Condition 3 and in the Trust Deed (except to the 
extent that such alteration would, in the opinion of the Trustee, not be materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders), in which case the necessary quorum shall be two or more persons holding 
or representing not less than 75 per cent., or at any adjourned meeting not less than 25 per cent., in 
principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding.
The agreement or approval of the Noteholders shall not be required in the case of any variation of these 
Conditions and/or the Trust Deed required to be made in the circumstances described in Condition 4(i) 
or those described in Condition 5(k) in connection with the variation of the terms of the Notes and to 
which the Trustee has agreed pursuant to the relevant provisions of Condition 4(i) or, as applicable, 
Condition 5(k).
The Trust Deed provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less 
than 75 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes outstanding shall for all purposes be as valid and 
effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held. 
Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, 
each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders.
Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding on Noteholders (whether or not they were 
present at the meeting at which such resolution was passed) and on all Couponholders.
(b)
Modification and Waiver
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders but subject to 
Condition 10(f), to (i) any modification of any of these Conditions or the provisions of the Trust Deed 
which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error, and (ii) any other 
modification (except as mentioned in the Trust Deed), and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or 
proposed breach, of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed which is in the opinion of the Trustee not 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. In addition, the Trustee shall be obliged to 
effect such modifications to the Trust Deed and/or these Conditions as may be required in order to give 
effect to Condition 4(i) in connection with effecting any Benchmark Amendments or any Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes, subject to the provisions thereof, without the requirement for the 
consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders.
Any such modification, authorisation or waiver shall be binding on the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders and, if the Trustee so requires, such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders as 
soon as practicable.
(c)
Substitution
The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Trustee to agree, subject to such amendment of the 
Trust Deed and such other conditions as the Trustee may require and Condition 10(f), but without the 
consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, to the substitution of a successor in business of the 
relevant Issuer in place of the relevant Issuer, or of any previous substituted company, as principal debtor 
under the Trust Deed and the Notes provided that, unless such substituted company is a successor in 
business of the relevant Issuer, the relevant Issuer unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees the

--- Page 95 ---
88
payment of all moneys payable by the substituted company as principal debtor under the Trust Deed and 
the Notes, and subject to the Trustee being satisfied that the substitution is not materially prejudicial to 
the interests of the Noteholders. In the case of such a substitution the Trustee may agree, without the 
consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to a change of the law governing the Notes, the Coupons 
and/or the Trust Deed provided that such change would not in the opinion of the Trustee be materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders.
(d)
Entitlement of the Trustee
In connection with the exercise of its functions (including but not limited to, any modification, waiver, 
authorisation, determination or substitution) the Trustee shall have regard to the interests of the 
Noteholders as a class and shall not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual 
Noteholders or Couponholders and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder 
or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the relevant Issuer, the Trustee or any other person any 
indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual 
Noteholders or Couponholders.
(e)
Indemnification of the Trustee
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility. The Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the relevant Issuer and any 
entity related to the relevant Issuer and to act as trustee for the holders of any other securities issued or 
guaranteed by, or relating to, the relevant Issuer and/or any entity related to the relevant Issuer. The 
Trustee is entitled to retain and not be liable to account for any profit made or any other amount or 
benefit received thereby or in connection therewith.
The Trustee may rely without liability to the Noteholders or Couponholders on a report, confirmation or 
certificate or any advice of any accountants, financial advisers, financial institution or any other expert, 
whether or not addressed to the Trustee and whether its liability in relation thereto is limited (by its terms 
or by any engagement letter relating thereto entered into by the Trustee or in any other manner) by 
reference to a monetary cap, methodology or otherwise. The Trustee may accept and shall be entitled to 
rely on any such report, confirmation or certificate or advice and such report, confirmation or certificate 
or advice shall be binding on the relevant Issuer, the Trustee and the Noteholders.
The Trustee shall not be liable for any consequences of any application of Irish Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers (as provided in Condition 15(c) below) in respect of the relevant Issuer or any of its 
affiliates or any Notes and shall not be required to take any action in connection therewith that would, 
in the Trustee’s opinion, expose the Trustee to any liability or expense unless it shall have been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction; provided that nothing in this Condition 
shall prevent any application of Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers in respect of the relevant Issuer 
or any of its affiliates or any Notes from taking effect, and each Noteholder or Couponholder, by its 
acquisition of any Note or Coupon, authorises and instructs the Trustee to take such steps as may be 
necessary or expedient in order to give effect to any such application of Irish Statutory Loss Absorption 
Powers.
(f)
Regulatory consent
If this Note is a Loss Absorption Note, any modification pursuant to this Condition 10 is subject to 
Condition 5(j).

--- Page 96 ---
89
11
Replacement of Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons
If a Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed it may be replaced, subject 
to applicable laws and stock exchange regulations, at the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent (in 
the case of Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons) and of the Registrar (in the case of Certificates) or such other 
Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as may from time to time be designated by the relevant 
Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
13, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such 
terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or 
destroyed Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for 
exchange for further Coupons, there will be paid to the relevant Issuer on demand the amount payable by the 
relevant Issuer in respect of such Notes, Certificates, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the relevant 
Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Certificates, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued.
12
Further Issues
The relevant Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and 
issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes or the same in all respects (or in all 
respects except for the first payment of interest thereon) and so that such further notes shall be consolidated and 
form a single series with such Notes, and references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall be construed 
accordingly. Any further securities forming a single series with the outstanding securities of any series 
(including the Notes) constituted by the Trust Deed or any deed supplemental to it shall, and any other securities 
may (with the consent of the Trustee), be constituted by a deed supplemental to the Trust Deed. The Trust Deed 
contains provisions for convening a single meeting of the Noteholders and the holders of securities of other 
series where the Trustee so decides.
13
Notices
Notices required to be given to the holders of Registered Notes pursuant to the Conditions shall be mailed to 
them at their respective addresses in the Register and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being 
a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing. Notices required to be given to the holders 
of Bearer Notes pursuant to the Conditions shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper of general circulation 
in London and Dublin or, if in the opinion of the Trustee, such publication is not practicable, in another leading 
daily English language newspaper of general circulation in Europe approved by the Trustee. It is expected that 
such publication will be made in the Financial Times in London and in The Irish Times in Dublin. So long as 
the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading, the relevant Issuer shall ensure that notices required to be given 
to the holders of the Notes pursuant to the Conditions shall also be published (if such publication is required) 
in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on 
which the Notes are listed/and or admitted to trading. Notices, will, if published more than once, be deemed to 
have been given on the date of the first publication as provided above.
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders 
of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition.
14
Rights of Third Parties
In the case of English Law Notes, no person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes 
under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.

--- Page 97 ---
90
15
Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Acknowledgement of Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers
(a)
Governing Law
The Trust Deed, the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with (i) in the case 
of an English Law Note, English law (except that Conditions 3 and 15(c) shall be construed in 
accordance with the laws of Ireland) or (ii) in the case of an Irish Law Note, the laws of Ireland.
(b)
Jurisdiction
(i)
In the case of English Law Notes, the Courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any 
disputes which may arise out of or in connection with any such Notes, Coupons or Talons or the 
Trust Deed and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with 
any such Notes, Coupons or Talons or the Trust Deed (“Proceedings”) may be brought in such 
courts. The relevant Issuer irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the courts of England and 
waives any objection to Proceedings in such courts on the ground of venue or on the ground that 
the Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. This submission is made for the 
benefit of each of the holders of such Notes, Coupons and Talons and, to the extent permitted by 
law, shall not affect the right of any of them to take Proceedings in any other court of competent 
jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking 
of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not).
(ii)
In the case of Irish Law Notes, the Courts of Ireland are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes 
which may arise out of or in connection with any such Notes, Coupons or Talons or the Trust 
Deed and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with any 
such Notes, Coupons or Talons or the Trust Deed (“Proceedings”) may be brought in such courts. 
The relevant Issuer irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the courts of Ireland and waives any 
objection to Proceedings in such courts on the ground of venue or on the ground that the 
Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. This submission is made for the benefit 
of each of the holders of such Notes, Coupons and Talons and, to the extent permitted by law, 
shall not affect the right of any of them to take Proceedings in any other court of competent 
jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking 
of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not).
(c)
Acknowledgement of Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers
Notwithstanding, and to the exclusion of, any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between the relevant Issuer and the Trustee or any Noteholder or 
Couponholder, the Trustee and, by its acquisition of any Note or Coupon (or any interest therein), each 
Noteholder and Couponholder (which for the purposes of this Condition, includes each holder of a 
beneficial interest in the Notes and/or the Coupons) acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising 
under the Notes or Coupons may be subject to the exercise of Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
by the Relevant Resolution Authority and acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound 
by:
(i)
the effect of the exercise of any Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, which exercise (without limitation) may include and result in any of the 
following, or a combination thereof:
(A)
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes and/or 
Coupons;

--- Page 98 ---
91
(B)
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes and/or 
Coupons into shares, other securities or other obligations of the relevant Issuer or another 
person, and the issue to or conferral on the Noteholder or Couponholder of such shares, 
securities or obligations, including by means of an amendment, modification or variation 
of the terms of the Notes and/or Coupons;
(C)
the cancellation of the Notes and/or Coupons or the Relevant Amounts in respect thereof; 
and
(D)
the amendment or alteration of the Maturity Date of the Notes or amendment of the 
amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which interest becomes payable, 
including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and
(ii)
the variation of the terms of the Notes and/or Coupons as deemed necessary by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
by the Relevant Resolution Authority.
No repayment or payment of Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes will become due and payable or 
be paid after the exercise of any Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority if and to the extent such amounts have been reduced, converted, cancelled, amended or altered 
as a result of such exercise.
Neither a reduction or cancellation, in part or in full, of the Relevant Amounts, the conversion thereof 
into another security or obligation of the relevant Issuer or another person, as a result of the exercise of 
the Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the 
relevant Issuer, nor the exercise of the Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes and/or Coupons will be an event of default.
Upon the exercise of the Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority 
with respect to the Notes and/or Coupons, the relevant Issuer will (i) provide a written notice to the 
Noteholders and Couponholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as practicable regarding such 
exercise of the Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers; and (ii) deliver a copy of such notice to the 
Trustee for information purposes; provided, however, any delay or failure by the relevant Issuer to give 
such notice will not affect the effectiveness of, or otherwise invalidate, any exercise of the Irish Statutory 
Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority pursuant to Condition 15(c) or give 
Noteholders any rights as a result of either such failure.
(d)
Service of Process
The relevant Issuer agrees that the process by which any proceedings in England are begun may be 
served on it by being delivered to Allied Irish Banks, p.l.c., London Branch at St. Helen’s, 1 Undershaft, 
London EC3A 8AB (Head of Branch). If for any reason service of process cannot be made in accordance 
with the above, the relevant Issuer must immediately appoint an agent for service of process and notify 
the Noteholders of such appointment. The relevant Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify 
it of any process will not invalidate the relevant proceedings. This Condition 15(d) does not affect any 
other method of service allowed by law.
16
Definitions
Capitalised terms not defined in these Terms and Conditions will have the meaning given to them in the relevant 
Final Terms.
In these Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings:

--- Page 99 ---
92
“2015 Regulations” means S.I. No. 289 of 2015 – European Union (Bank Recovery and Resolution) 
Regulations 2015, as amended (including by the 2019 Regulations) and as may be further amended and 
superseded from time to time;
“2019 Regulations” means S.I. No 127 of 2019 – European Union (Bank Recovery and Resolution) Regulations 
2019, as may be amended or superseded from time to time;
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or (b) a formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:
(i)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such 
recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate)
(ii)
the relevant Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines is customarily 
applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt 
capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference 
Rate; or (if the relevant Issuer determines that no such spread is customarily applied)
(iii)
in the case of an Alternative Rate, is in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets 
for transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Alternative Rate;
(iv)
if no such recommendation or option or replacement has been made (or made available), or the relevant 
Issuer determines there is no such spread, formula or methodology in customary market usage, the 
relevant Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which 
reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or
(v)
if the relevant Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged, the 
relevant Issuer, in its discretion, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate;
“Agency Agreement” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions;
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the relevant Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines in accordance with Condition 4(i)(ii) is customarily 
applied in international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining Rates of Interest (or 
the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes;
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated in the 
Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, the Designated Maturity;
“Applicable Regulatory Capital Requirements” means, at any time, any requirement contained in the laws, 
regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies of the Relevant Regulator (whether or not having the force 
of law), Ireland or of the European Parliament and Council then in effect relating to capital adequacy and 
prudential (including resolution) supervision and applicable to the relevant Issuer and/or, as applicable, the 
Regulatory Group; 
“Authorised Signatory” means any director or any other officer of the relevant Issuer who has been authorised 
by the relevant Issuer to sign the certificates and other documents required or contemplated under these

--- Page 100 ---
93
Conditions, the Trust Deed and any other transaction document in relation to the Notes on behalf of, and so as 
to bind, the relevant Issuer;
“Bank Recovery and Resolution Regulations” means the 2015 Regulations and the 2019 Regulations read 
together (and as may be further amended, supplemented or superseded from time to time);
“Bearer Notes” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1;
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in the provision Condition 4(i)(iv);
“Benchmark Duration” means the duration specified as such hereon;
“Benchmark Event” means:
(i)
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five Business Days or ceasing 
to exist; or
(ii)
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased or that it will 
cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference 
Rate); or
(iii)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or
(iv)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a consequence 
of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect 
of the Notes; or
(v)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that the Original Reference Rate will be (or will be deemed by such supervisor to be) no longer 
representative of its relevant underlying market; or
(vi)
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the relevant Issuer to calculate 
any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate,
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-paragraphs (ii) and (iii) 
above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate or the discontinuation of the 
Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, (b) in the case of sub-paragraph (iv) above, on the date of the 
prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate, and (c) in the case of sub-paragraph (v) above, on the date 
with effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant 
supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying market and which is specified in the relevant 
public statement, and in each case, not the date of the relevant public statement;
“Business Day” means:
(i)
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial centre for such currency; 
and/or
(ii)
in the case of euro, a TARGET Business Day; and/or
(iii)
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres, a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the 
Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres;

--- Page 101 ---
94
“Calculation Agent” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions;
“Certificates” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1;
“Clean-up Call Minimum Percentage” means 75 per cent. or such other higher percentage specified hereon;
“Code” means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986;
“Companies Act 2014” means the Companies Act 2014 (No. 38 of 2014) of Ireland, as amended (including by 
the Bank Recovery and Resolution Regulations) and as may be further amended or superseded from time to 
time;
“Conditions” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions;
“Couponholders” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions;
“Coupons” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions;
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any period 
of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not constituting 
an Interest Period, the “Calculation Period”):
(i)
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual – ISDA” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the 
sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365);
(ii)
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 365;
(iii)
if “Actual/365 (Sterling) is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366;
(iv)
if “Actual/360” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360;
(v)
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =
[360×(𝑌2− 𝑌1)]+[30×(𝑀2− 𝑀1)]+(𝐷2− 𝐷1)
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 102 ---
95
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 
30;
(vi)
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =
[360×(𝑌2− 𝑌1)]+[30×(𝑀2− 𝑀1)]+(𝐷2− 𝐷1)
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30;
(vii)
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =
[360×(𝑌2− 𝑌1)]+[30×(𝑀2− 𝑀1)]+(𝐷2− 𝐷1)
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the 
last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such 
number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and
(viii)
if “Actual/Actual – ICMA” is specified hereon, (a) if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than 
the Determination Period during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year; and (b) if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination 
Period, the sum of: (x) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and

--- Page 103 ---
96
(2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and (y) the number of days in 
such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in 
any year where:
(A)
“Determination Date” means each date specified hereon or, if none is so specified, each Interest 
Payment Date; and
(B)
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year 
to but excluding the next Determination Date;
“EEA regulated market” means a market as defined by Article 4.1(21) of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments, as amended;
“English Law Note” means any Note where “English Law Note” is specified hereon as being applicable;
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of Member States of the European Union that adopt the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended;
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given to it in the Trust Deed;
“First Margin” means the margin specified hereon;
“First Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the First Resettable Note Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the Second Resettable Note Reset Date or, if no such Second Resettable Note Reset Date is specified 
hereon, the Maturity Date;
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means, subject to Condition 4(b)(ii), the rate of interest determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date corresponding to the First Reset Period as the sum 
of the relevant Reset Rate plus the First Margin (with such sum converted (if necessary) from a basis equivalent 
to the Benchmark Duration to a basis equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are 
payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (such calculation to be made by the Calculation Agent));
“First Resettable Note Reset Date” means the date specified hereon;
“holder” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1;
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an independent 
financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by and at the expense of the relevant Issuer under 
Condition 4(i)(i);
“Initial Rate of Interest” means the initial rate of interest per annum specified hereon;
“Interest Amount” means:
(i)
in respect of an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that Interest 
Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, and unless otherwise specified hereon, shall mean 
the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified hereon as being payable on the Interest Payment 
Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest Period forms part; and
(ii)
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that period;
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified hereon;
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Period, the date specified 
as such hereon or, if none is so specified:

--- Page 104 ---
97
(i)
unless the Reference Rate in respect of the Notes is specified hereon as being “SONIA” or “SOFR”:
(A)
the first day of such Interest Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling;
(B)
the day falling two Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of 
such Interest Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro; or
(C)
the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period if the 
Specified Currency is euro;
(ii)
if the Reference Rate in respect of the Notes is specified hereon as being “SONIA”, the date which is 
“p” London Business Days prior to each Interest Payment Date; and
(iii)
if the Reference Rate in respect of the Notes is specified hereon as being “SOFR”, the date which is “p” 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to each Interest Payment Date;
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and ending 
on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date unless 
otherwise specified hereon;
“Irish Law Note” means any Note where “Irish Law Note” is specified hereon as being applicable;
“Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers” means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, 
suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any 
laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in Ireland, relating to (i) Directive 2014/59/EU (“BRRD”) 
and/or Irish legislation transposing BRRD into Irish law, in each case as amended or replaced from time to time 
and (ii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of the relevant 
Issuer (or any affiliate of the relevant Issuer) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, 
other securities or other obligations of the relevant Issuer or any other person (or suspended for a temporary 
period);
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2021 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc., unless otherwise specified hereon;
“Issue Date” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions;
“Issuing and Paying Agent” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions;
“Loss Absorption Compliant Notes” means securities that comply with the following (which compliance has 
been certified to the Trustee in a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the relevant Issuer and 
delivered to the Trustee prior to the relevant substitution or variation):
(A)
are issued by the relevant Issuer;
(B)
rank equally with the ranking of the relevant Notes;
(C)
have terms not materially less favourable to Noteholders than the terms of the relevant Notes (as 
reasonably determined by the relevant Issuer in consultation with an independent adviser of recognised 
standing);
(D)
(without prejudice to (C) above) (1) contain terms such that they comply with the then applicable Loss 
Absorption Regulations in order to be eligible to qualify in full towards the relevant Issuer’s and/or the 
Regulatory Group’s minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing 
capacity instruments; (2) bear the same rate of interest from time to time applying to the relevant Notes 
and preserve the same Interest Payment Dates; (3) do not contain terms providing for mandatory or

--- Page 105 ---
98
discretionary deferral of payments of interest and/or principal; (4) preserve the obligations (including 
the obligations arising from the exercise of any right) of the relevant Issuer as to redemption of the 
relevant Notes, including (without limitation) as to timing of, and amounts payable upon, such 
redemption; (5) do not contain terms providing for loss absorption through principal write-down or 
conversion to ordinary shares (but without prejudice to any acknowledgement of statutory resolution 
powers substantially similar to Condition 15(c)); and (6) preserve any existing rights to any accrued and 
unpaid interest and any other amounts payable under the relevant Notes which has accrued to 
Noteholders and not been paid;
(E)
are listed on the same stock exchange or market as the relevant Notes or the regulated market of the 
London Stock Exchange or an EEA regulated market selected by the relevant Issuer and approved in 
writing by the Trustee; and
(F)
where the relevant Notes which have been substituted or varied had a published rating solicited by the 
relevant Issuer from one or more Rating Agencies immediately prior to their substitution or variation, 
benefit from (or will, as announced by each such Rating Agency, benefit from) an equal or higher 
published rating from each such Rating Agency as that which applied to the relevant Notes;
“Loss Absorption Disqualification Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if, as a result of any amendment 
to, or change in, any Loss Absorption Regulations, or any change in the application or official interpretation of 
any Loss Absorption Regulations, in any such case becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of the last 
Tranche of the Notes, the Notes are or (in the opinion of the relevant Issuer or the Relevant Regulator) are likely 
to become fully (or, if “Loss Absorption Disqualification Event for partial exclusion” is specified hereon as 
being applicable, fully or partially) excluded from or ceasing to count towards the relevant Issuer’s and/or the 
Regulatory Group’s minimum requirements for (A) own funds and eligible liabilities and/or (B) loss absorbing 
capacity instruments, in each case as such minimum requirements are applicable to the relevant Issuer and/or 
the Regulatory Group and determined in accordance with, and pursuant to, the relevant Loss Absorption 
Regulations; provided that a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event shall not occur where the exclusion of the 
Notes from the relevant minimum requirement(s) is due to the remaining maturity of the Notes being less than 
any period prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria for such minimum requirements under the relevant 
Loss Absorption Regulations effective with respect to the relevant Issuer and/or the Regulatory Group on the 
Issue Date of the last Tranche of the Notes;
“Loss Absorption Note” means any Note where “Loss Absorption Note” is specified hereon as being applicable;
“Loss Absorption Regulations” means, at any time, any requirement contained in the laws, regulations, 
requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and 
eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments of Ireland, the Relevant Regulator and/or of the 
European Parliament or of the Council of the European Union then in effect in Ireland and applicable to the 
relevant Issuer and/or the Regulatory Group including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, any 
delegated or implementing acts (such as regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European Commission 
and any regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to minimum requirements 
for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments adopted by the Relevant 
Regulator from time to time (whether such regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards or policies 
are applied generally or specifically to the relevant Issuer or to the Regulatory Group);
“Mid-Market Swap Rate” means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for the fixed leg 
payable with a frequency equivalent to the Fixed Leg Swap Duration specified hereon during the relevant Reset 
Period (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified 
Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant

--- Page 106 ---
99
Resettable Note Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a 
floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified 
hereon) (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as 
determined by the Calculation Agent);
“Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation” means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate;
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” means, where the Specified Currency is euro, EURIBOR;
“Mid-Swap Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 4(b)(ii) below, 
either:
(i)
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified hereon, the rate for swaps in the Specified Currency:
(A)
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and
(B)
commencing on the relevant Resettable Note Reset Date,
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or
(ii)
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified hereon, the arithmetic mean (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards) 
of the bid and offered swap rate quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency:
(A)
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and
(B)
commencing on the relevant Resettable Note Reset Date,
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page,
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency 
on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent;
“Noteholder” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1;
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes;
“Ordinary Unsecured Debts” means liabilities to unsecured creditors the claims in respect of which, under 
paragraph 1(c) of section 1428A of the Companies Act 2014, rank for payment in a winding-up after claims in 
respect of the liabilities falling within (x) paragraphs 1(a) and (b) of that section and (y) section 621(2) of the 
Companies Act 2014 and in priority to claims in respect of the liabilities resulting from debt instruments (as 
defined in section 1428A(4) of the Companies Act 2014) which meet the conditions set out in subparagraphs 
1(c)(i) to (iii) (inclusive) of that section (which, in turn, rank in priority to claims in respect of Subordinated 
Debts);
“Paying Agents” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions;
“Ranking Legislation” means the Companies Act 2014, the Bank Recovery and Resolution Regulations and 
any other law or regulation designating or affecting the relative ranking of creditors upon a winding-up or 
insolvency of the relevant Issuer, in each as may be applicable to that Issuer;
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note and that is either 
specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions hereon;

--- Page 107 ---
100
“Rating Agency” means each of S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Moody’s Investors Service Limited or 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and each of their respective affiliates or successors;
“Record Date” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(b)(ii);
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four 
major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, selected by the relevant Issuer in consultation with the 
Calculation Agent or as specified hereon;
“Reference Bond” means for any Reset Period, a government security or securities issued by the state 
responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is euro, shall be Germany) 
selected by the relevant Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute as having an actual 
or interpolated maturity comparable with the relevant Reset Period that would be utilised, at the time of selection 
and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities 
denominated in the same currency as the Notes and of a comparable maturity to the relevant Reset Period;
“Reference Bond Price” means, with respect to any Reset Determination Date, (A) the arithmetic average of 
the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such Reset Determination Date, after excluding the 
highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (B) if the Calculation Agent obtains 
fewer than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such 
quotations. If no quotations are provided, the Reference Rate will be determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
sole discretion following consultation with the relevant Issuer;
“Reference Bond Rate” means the annual yield to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant 
day count basis) of the relevant Reference Bond, assuming a price for such Reference Bond (expressed as a 
percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the relevant Reference Bond Price, as calculated by the Calculation 
Agent;
“Reference Government Bond Dealer” means each of five banks (selected by the relevant Issuer on the advice 
of an investment bank of international repute), or their affiliates, which are (A) primary government securities 
dealers, and their respective successors, or (B) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues;
“Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each Reference Government Bond 
Dealer and the relevant Reset Determination Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the relevant Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of 
its nominal amount) at or around the Subsequent Reset Rate Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date 
quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer;
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such hereon;
“Register” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1;
“Registered Notes” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1;
“Registrar” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions;
“Regulatory Group” means AIB, its subsidiary undertakings, participations, participating interests and any 
subsidiary undertakings, participations or participating interests held (directly or indirectly) by any of its 
subsidiary undertakings from time to time and any other undertakings from time to time consolidated with AIB 
for regulatory or resolution purposes, in each case in accordance with the rules and guidance of the Relevant 
Regulator then in effect;
“Relevant Amounts” means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with any accrued but unpaid 
interest and additional amounts and any other amounts due on or in respect of the Notes. References to such

--- Page 108 ---
101
amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, prior to the 
exercise of any Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority;
“Relevant Date” in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date on which payment in respect thereof first 
becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which 
payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date on which notice is duly given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 that, upon further presentation of the Note (or relative Certificate) 
or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment 
is in fact made upon such presentation;
“Relevant Fallback Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified hereon (or any successor or replacement page, section, caption, column 
or other part of a particular information service);
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):
(i)
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or
(ii)
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of 
(a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof;
“Relevant Regulator” means the European Central Bank and/or such successor or other authority having for the 
time being primary supervisory authority and/or responsibility with regards to prudential, conduct and/or 
resolution matters in respect of the relevant Issuer and/or its Group and/or its Regulatory Group (being, as at 
the Issue Date, the Single Resolution Board), as may be relevant in the context and circumstances;
“Relevant Resolution Authority” means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any Irish Statutory 
Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the relevant Issuer (being, as at the Issue Date, the Single Resolution 
Board);
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information 
service as may be specified hereon (or any successor or replacement page, section, caption, column or other 
part of a particular information service);
“Reset Determination Date” means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business Day prior to the 
First Resettable Note Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second Business Day prior 
to the Second Resettable Note Reset Date and, in respect of each Reset Period thereafter, the second Business 
Day prior to the first day of each such Reset Period;
“Reset Period” means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period;
“Reset Rate” means (a) the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as specified hereon or (b) if “Reference Bond” is specified 
hereon, the relevant Reference Bond Rate;
“Resettable Note Reset Date” means the First Resettable Note Reset Date, the Second Resettable Note Reset 
Date and every Subsequent Resettable Note Reset Date as may be specified hereon;
“Second Resettable Note Reset Date” means the date specified hereon;

--- Page 109 ---
102
“Secondary Unsecured Claims” means the aggregate amount of all claims admitted to proof in the winding-up 
of the relevant Issuer which are claims of creditors in respect of Secondary Unsecured Debts of the relevant 
Issuer;
“Secondary Unsecured Debts” means liabilities to unsecured creditors in respect of debt instruments (as defined 
in section 1428A(4) of the Companies Act 2014) which meet the conditions set out in subparagraphs 1(c)(i) to 
(iii) (inclusive) of section 1428A of the Companies Act 2014 and accordingly, under paragraphs 1(c) and (d) of 
that section, the claims in respect of which rank for payment in a winding-up after claims in respect of Ordinary 
Unsecured Debts and in priority to claims in respect of Subordinated Debts;
“Senior Claims” means the aggregate amount of all claims admitted to proof in a Winding-Up which are (i) 
claims of depositors (if any) of the relevant Issuer; and (ii) claims of creditors in respect of Ordinary Unsecured 
Debts of the relevant Issuer and all other obligations of the relevant Issuer which are preferred by law to 
Secondary Unsecured Debts;
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such hereon or, if none is specified, the currency in which 
the Notes are denominated;
“Subordinated Claims” means the aggregate amount of all claims admitted to proof in a Winding-Up which are 
claims in respect of Subordinated Debts of the relevant Issuer;
“Subordinated Debts” means liabilities in respect of the items listed in subparagraphs (a) to (d) of Regulation 
87(1) of the 2015 Regulations (including, without limitation, claims in respect of obligations of the relevant 
Issuer which constitute, or would but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital constitute, Tier 
2 instruments), which are subordinated in the manner set out in section 1428A(1)(d) of the Companies Act 
2014;
“Subsequent Margin” means the margin(s) specified hereon;
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the Second Resettable Note Reset Date to 
(but excluding) the next Resettable Note Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) a 
Resettable Note Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Resettable Note Reset Date;
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and subject to Condition 
4(b)(ii), the rate of interest being determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date 
corresponding to such Subsequent Reset Period as the sum of the relevant Reset Rate plus the applicable 
Subsequent Margin (with such sum converted (if necessary) from a basis equivalent to the Benchmark Duration 
to a basis equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes during 
the relevant Reset Period (such calculation to be made by the Calculation Agent));
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body;
“Talons” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions;
“TARGET Business Day” means a day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments in euro;
“Tier 2 Instruments” has the meaning given to it in the Applicable Regulatory Capital Requirements from time 
to time;
“Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects;
“Transfer Agents” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions;
“Trust Deed” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions;

--- Page 110 ---
103
“Trustee” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions;
“T2” means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor system; and
“Winding-Up” means:
(i)
an order is made, or an effective resolution is passed, for the winding-up of the relevant Issuer (except, 
in any such case, a winding-up solely for the purpose of, and followed by, a reconstruction, 
amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation, the terms of which have previously been 
approved in writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution and do not provide that the Notes 
thereby become redeemable or repayable in accordance with these Conditions); or
(ii)
liquidation or dissolution of the relevant Issuer or any procedure similar to that described in paragraph 
(i) above.

--- Page 111 ---
104
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES
The following (other than any sections in italics) is the text of the terms and conditions which, subject to 
completion and amendment and as supplemented or varied in accordance with the provisions of Part A of the 
relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Subordinated Notes in definitive form (if any) issued in exchange 
for Notes represented by a Note or Certificate in global form. Either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions 
together with the relevant provisions of Part A of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so 
completed, amended, supplemented or varied (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable 
provisions), shall be endorsed on such Bearer Notes or on Certificates relating to such Registered Notes (each 
capitalised term as defined below). All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the 
meanings given to them in Part A of the relevant Final Terms. Those definitions will be endorsed on the definitive 
Notes or Certificates, as the case may be. References in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Subordinated 
Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme.
The Notes are constituted by a Trust Deed dated 6 October 2023 (as amended or supplemented as at the date of 
issue of the Notes (the “Issue Date”), the “Trust Deed”) between AIB Group plc (“AIB”), Allied Irish Banks, 
p.l.c. (“AIB Bank” and together with AIB the “Issuers” and each an “Issuer”) and BNY Mellon Corporate 
Trustee Services Limited (the “Trustee”, which expression shall include all persons for the time being the trustee 
or trustees under the Trust Deed) as trustee for the Noteholders (as defined below). These terms and conditions 
(the “Conditions”) include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed, which 
includes the form of the Bearer Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons (as defined below). An Agency 
Agreement dated 6 October 2023 (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the “Agency Agreement”) 
has been entered into in relation to the Notes between the Issuers, the Trustee, The Bank of New York Mellon, 
London Branch as initial issuing and paying agent and the other agents named in it. The issuing and paying 
agent, the other paying agents, the registrar, the transfer agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being 
(if any) are referred to below respectively as the “Issuing and Paying Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which 
expression shall include the Issuing and Paying Agent), the “Registrar”, the “Transfer Agents” and the 
“Calculation Agent(s)”. Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are available for inspection free 
of charge during usual business hours at the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents and the Transfer 
Agents.
The Noteholders (as defined below), the holders of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest 
bearing Notes in bearer form and, where applicable in the case of such Notes in bearer form, talons for further 
Coupons (the “Talons”) (the “Couponholders”) are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed to 
have notice of all the provisions of the Trust Deed and are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement applicable to them.
In these Conditions, references to the “Issuer” are to AIB or AIB Bank, as the case may be, as the Issuer of the 
Notes under the Programme as indicated under Part A of the relevant Final Terms and references to the “relevant 
Issuer” shall be construed accordingly.
1
Form, Denomination and Title
The Notes are issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) or in registered form (“Registered Notes”), in each case 
in the Specified Denomination(s) (as defined hereon).
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Resettable Note, a Floating Rate Note, or a Zero Coupon Note.
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached, 
save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest due 
after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable.

--- Page 112 ---
105
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates (“Certificates”) and, save as provided in Condition 
2(b), each Certificate shall represent the entire holding of Registered Notes by the same holder.
Title to the Bearer Notes, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Title to the Registered Notes shall pass 
by registration in the register that the relevant Issuer shall procure to be kept by the Registrar in accordance 
with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the “Register”). Except as ordered by a court of competent 
jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed 
to be and may be treated as the absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of 
any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it (or on the Certificate representing it) or its 
theft or loss (or that of the related Certificate) and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder.
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” means the bearer of any Bearer Note or the person in whose name a 
Registered Note is registered (as the case may be), “holder” (in relation to a Note, Coupon or Talon) means the 
bearer of any Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon or the person in whose name a Registered Note is registered (as 
the case may be) and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them hereon, the absence of any such 
meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes.
2
No Exchange of Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes
(a)
No Exchange of Notes
Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes. Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for 
Registered Notes. Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes 
of another Specified Denomination.
(b)
Transfer of Registered Notes
One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon the surrender (at the specified office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the Certificate representing such Registered Notes to be transferred, 
together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Certificate (or another form of transfer substantially 
in the same form and containing the same representations and certifications (if any), unless otherwise 
agreed by the relevant Issuer), duly completed and executed and any other evidence as the Registrar or 
Transfer Agent may reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Registered 
Notes represented by one Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the transferee in respect of the 
part transferred and a further new Certificate in respect of the balance of the holding not transferred shall 
be issued to the transferor. In the case of a transfer of Registered Notes to a person who is already a 
holder of Registered Notes, a new Certificate representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued 
against surrender of the Certificate representing the existing holding. All transfers of Notes and entries 
on the Register will be made subject to the detailed regulations concerning transfers of Notes scheduled 
to the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the relevant Issuer, with the prior written 
approval of the Registrar, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Transfer Agents and the Trustee. A copy of 
the current regulations will be made available by the Registrar to any Noteholder upon request.
(c)
Delivery of New Certificates
Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Condition 2(b) shall be available for delivery within three 
business days of receipt of a duly completed and executed form of transfer and surrender of the existing 
Certificate(s). Delivery of the new Certificate(s) shall be made at the specified office of the Transfer 
Agent or of the Registrar (as the case may be) to whom delivery or surrender of such form of transfer 
and Certificate(s) shall have been made or, at the option of the holder making such delivery or surrender 
as aforesaid and as specified in the relevant form of transfer or otherwise in writing, be mailed by 
uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Certificate to such address as may be so

--- Page 113 ---
106
specified, unless such holder requests otherwise and pays in advance to the relevant Transfer Agent or 
the Registrar (as the case may be) the costs of such other method of delivery and/or such insurance as it 
may specify. In this Condition 2(c), “business day” means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on 
which banks are open for business in the place of the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent or 
the Registrar (as the case may be).
(d)
Transfers Free of Charge
Certificates, on transfer, shall be issued and registered without charge by or on behalf of the relevant 
Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment of any tax or other governmental charges 
that may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant 
Transfer Agent may require).
(e)
Closed Periods
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered (i) during the period of 15 
days ending on (and including) the due date for redemption or substitution of that Note or (ii) during the 
period of seven days ending on (and including) any Record Date.
3
Status and Subordination
(a)
Status
The Notes and Coupons constitute direct and unsecured and unguaranteed obligations of the relevant 
Issuer, subordinated in the manner set out in Condition 3(b) below and shall at all times rank pari passu
without any preference among themselves.
(b)
Subordination
If a Winding-Up occurs, the rights and claims against the relevant Issuer of the holders of the Notes and 
Coupons (and of the Trustee on their behalf) in respect of, or arising under, the Notes, the Coupons or 
the Trust Deed (including any damages awarded for breach of any obligations) shall, save for such 
exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation, be subordinated as provided in this Condition 
3(b) and in the Trust Deed to the claims of all Senior Creditors but shall rank (i) at least pari passu with 
the claims of holders of all other subordinated obligations of the relevant Issuer which constitute, or 
would but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital constitute, Tier 2 Capital or that 
rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the Notes and (ii) in priority to the claims of holders of all 
obligations of the relevant Issuer which constitute, or would but for any applicable limitation on the 
amount of such capital constitute, Tier 1 Capital and all obligations which rank, or are expressed to rank, 
pari passu therewith and to the claims of holders of all classes of share capital of the relevant Issuer.
The subordination provisions apply to amounts payable under the Notes and Coupons and nothing 
contained therein or in the Trust Deed shall affect or prejudice any claim by the Trustee against the 
relevant Issuer in respect of the costs, charges, expenses, liabilities or remuneration of the Trustee.
(c)
No Set-off
Subject to applicable law, no holder of a Note, or a Coupon relating thereto, may exercise, claim or plead 
any right of set-off, compensation, netting, counterclaim or retention in respect of any amount owed to 
it by the relevant Issuer in respect of, arising under, or in connection with the Notes or the Coupons 
relating thereto or the Trust Deed and each holder of a Note or a Coupon relating thereto shall, by virtue 
of its holding of any such Note or Coupon (or any beneficial interest therein), be deemed, to the fullest 
extent permitted under applicable law, to have waived all such rights of set-off, compensation, netting,

--- Page 114 ---
107
counterclaim or retention. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if any of the amounts owing to any 
Noteholder or Couponholder by the relevant Issuer in respect of or arising under or in connection with 
the Notes or the Coupons relating thereto is discharged by set-off, such Noteholder and Couponholder 
shall, subject to applicable law, immediately pay an amount equal to the amount of such discharge to the 
relevant Issuer (or in the event of its winding-up or examinership, the liquidator or, as applicable, 
examiner of the relevant Issuer) and accordingly such discharge will be deemed not to have taken place, 
and until such payment is made shall hold an amount equal thereto in trust for the relevant Issuer (or, as 
the case may be, the liquidator or, as applicable, examiner of the relevant Issuer).
4
Interest and other Calculations
(a)
Interest on the Notes
(i)
Interest Payment Dates (Floating Rate Notes)
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of 
Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of 
interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 4(f). Such Interest Payment 
Date(s) is/are either shown hereon as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest 
Payment Date(s) is/are shown hereon, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the 
number of months or other period shown hereon as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement 
Date.
(ii)
Business Day Convention
If any date referred to in these Conditions which is specified to be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day (as defined below), then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the 
Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such 
date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent 
such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had 
it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to 
the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such 
date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.
(iii)
Rate of Interest for Fixed Rate Notes
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of 
Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of 
interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 4(f).
(iv)
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Period shall be determined 
in the manner specified hereon and the provisions below relating to any of ISDA Determination,

--- Page 115 ---
108
Screen Rate Determination or Linear Interpolation shall apply, depending upon which is specified 
hereon.
(A)
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes
Where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period shall be determined by 
the Calculation Agent as, subject to Condition 4(e), a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Period means a 
rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under 
a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions 
and under which:
(x)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified hereon;
(y)
the Designated Maturity is a period specified hereon; and
(z)
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Period unless otherwise 
specified hereon.
If the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, Compounding 
is specified to be applicable hereon and:
(A)
if Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding Method hereon 
then (a) Compounding with Lookback is the Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method and (b) Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days specified 
hereon, provided that the number of Applicable Business Days, if no such number 
is specified hereon, shall be five;
(B)
if Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Compounding 
Method hereon then (a) Compounding with Observation Period Shift is the 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number 
of Observation Period Shift Business Days specified hereon, provided that the 
number of Observation Period Shift Business Days, if no such number is specified 
hereon, shall be five and (c) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if 
applicable, are the days specified hereon; or
(C)
if Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding Method hereon 
then (a) Compounding with Lockout is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, 
(b) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business Days specified hereon, 
provided that the number of Lockout Period Business Days, if no such number is 
specified hereon, shall be five and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, 
are the days specified hereon;
If the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, Averaging is 
specified to be applicable hereon and:
(A)
if Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging Method hereon then (a) 
Averaging with Lookback is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method and (b) 
Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days specified hereon, provided 
that the number of Applicable Business Days, if no such number is specified 
hereon, shall be five;

--- Page 116 ---
109
(B)
if Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Averaging Method 
hereon then (a) Averaging with Observation Period Shift is the Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation 
Period Shift Business Days specified hereon, provided that the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days, if no such number is specified hereon, 
shall be five and (c) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if 
applicable, are the days specified hereon; or
(C)
if Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method hereon then (a) 
Averaging with Lockout is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method, (b) Lockout is 
the number of Lockout Period Business Days specified hereon, provided that the 
number of Lockout Period Business Days, if no such number is specified hereon, 
shall be five and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days 
specified hereon; 
If the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option and Index 
Provisions are specified to be applicable hereon, the Compounded Index Method with 
Observation Period Shift shall be applicable and, (a) Observation Period Shift is the 
number of Observation Period Shift Business Days specified hereon, provided that the 
number of Observation Period Shift Business Days, if no such number is specified hereon, 
shall be five and (b) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if applicable, are 
the days specified hereon; and
References in the relevant ISDA Definitions to:
(A)
“Confirmation” shall be references to the relevant Final Terms;
(B)
“Calculation Period” shall be references to the relevant Interest Period;
(C)
“Termination Date” shall be references to the Maturity Date;
(D)
“Effective Date” shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date
(E)
“Administrator/Benchmark Event” shall be disapplied; and
(F)
If the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback for any specified Floating Rate Option 
is specified to be “Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate” in the 
Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions, the reference to “Calculation 
Agent Alternative Rate Determination” in the definition of “Temporary Non-
Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate” shall be replaced by “Temporary Non-
Publication Fallback – Previous Day’s Rate”.
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap Transaction” 
and other terms used herein but not otherwise defined have the meanings given to those 
terms in the ISDA Definitions.
(B)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes – Term Rates
(x)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, and unless the Reference Rate in respect of the 
relevant series of Floating Rate Notes is specified hereon as being “SONIA” or 
“SOFR”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject to Condition 4(e), 
Condition 4(i) and as provided below, be either:

--- Page 117 ---
110
(i)
the offered quotation; or
(ii)
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations,
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time in 
the case of Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”)) on the Interest Determination 
Date in question as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than 
one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is 
more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by 
the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of such offered 
quotations.
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes is specified 
hereon as being other than EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of such Notes will 
be determined as provided hereon.
(y)
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if sub-paragraph (x)(i) above applies 
and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or if sub-
paragraph (x)(ii) above applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear 
on the Relevant Screen Page, in each case at the time specified above, subject as 
provided below, the Calculation Agent shall request, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks, to 
provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum) for the Reference Rate if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in 
question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with 
such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall, subject to 
Condition 4(e), be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined by 
the Calculation Agent.
(z)
If paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than 
two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided below, 
the Rate of Interest shall, subject to Condition 4(e), be the arithmetic mean of the 
rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request 
of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at 
which such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market or, if fewer than two of the Reference 
Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits 
in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or 
more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the relevant Issuer 
suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading 
banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market,

--- Page 118 ---
111
provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph (and subject to Condition 4(i)), the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period).
(C)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded SONIA
(x)
SONIA Compounded Index Rate
Where (i) Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined; (ii) the Reference Rate is specified hereon 
as being SONIA; and (iii) SONIA Compounded Index Rate is specified hereon as 
being applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject to 
Condition 4(e) and Condition 4(i), be the SONIA Compounded Index Rate 
determined as follows:
“SONIA Compounded Index Rate” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment during the SONIA 
Observation Period relating to such Interest Period (with the daily Sterling 
overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as 
follows:
( 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑁𝐷
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑇𝐴𝑅𝑇
−1) × (365
𝑑)
provided, however, that and subject to Condition 4(i), if the SONIA Compounded 
Index Value is not available in relation to any Interest Period on the Relevant 
Screen 
Page 
or 
on 
the 
Bank 
of 
England’s 
website 
at 
www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such other page or website as 
may replace such page for the purposes of publishing the SONIA Compounded 
Index) for the determination of either or both of SONIA Compounded IndexSTART
and/or SONIA Compounded IndexEND, the Rate of Interest shall be calculated for 
such Interest Period on the basis of the SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate 
as set out in Condition 4(a)(iv)(C)(y) as if SONIA Compounded Daily Reference 
Rate with Observation Shift had been specified hereon as being applicable and the 
“Relevant Screen Page” shall be deemed to be the “Relevant Fallback Screen Page” 
as specified hereon,
where:
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant SONIA Observation Period;
“London Business Day”, means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London;
“p” means, for any Interest Period, the whole number specified hereon (or, if no 
such number is so specified, five) representing a number of London Business Days;

--- Page 119 ---
112
“SONIA Compounded Index” means the index known as the SONIA Compounded 
Index administered by the Bank of England (or any successor administrator 
thereof);
“SONIA Compounded Index Value” means, in relation to any London Business 
Day, the value of the SONIA Compounded Index as published by authorised 
distributors on the Relevant Screen Page on such London Business Day or, if the 
value of the SONIA Compounded Index cannot be obtained from the Relevant 
Screen Page, as published on the Bank of England’s website at 
www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such other page or website as 
may replace such page for the purposes of publishing the SONIA Compounded 
Index) in respect of such London Business Day;
“SONIA Compounded IndexEND” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the 
SONIA Compounded Index Value on the last day of the relevant SONIA 
Observation Period;
“SONIA Compounded IndexSTART” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the 
SONIA Compounded Index Value on the first day of the relevant SONIA 
Observation Period; and
“SONIA Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period 
from (and including) the date falling “p” London Business Days prior to the first 
day of such Interest Period (and the first SONIA Observation Period shall begin on 
(and include) the date which is “p” London Business Days prior to the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on (but excluding) the date which is “p” London 
Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the 
date falling “p” London Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Notes become due and payable).
(y)
SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate
Where (i) Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined; (ii) the Reference Rate is specified hereon 
as being SONIA; and (iii) SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate is specified 
hereon as being applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject 
to Condition 4(e) and Condition 4(i), be the SONIA Compounded Daily Reference 
Rate determined as follows:
“SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate” means, in respect of an Interest 
Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily 
Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) 
and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, as follows:
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] × 365
𝑑
where:
“London Business Day”, “p” and “SONIA Observation Period” have the respective 
meanings set out in Condition 4(a)(iv)(C)(x);

--- Page 120 ---
113
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant:
(i)
SONIA Observation Period, where Observation Shift is specified hereon as 
being applicable; or
(ii)
Interest Period, where Lag is specified hereon as being applicable;
“do” is the number of London Business Days in the relevant:
(i)
SONIA Observation Period, where Observation Shift is specified hereon as 
being applicable; or
(ii)
Interest Period, where Lag is specified hereon as being applicable;
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
London Business Day in chronological order from (and including) the first London 
Business Day in the relevant:
(i)
SONIA Observation Period, where Observation Shift is specified hereon as 
being applicable, to (and including) the last London Business Day in the 
relevant SONIA Observation Period; or
(ii)
Interest Period, where Lag is specified hereon as being applicable, to (and 
including) the last London Business Day in the relevant Interest Period;
“ni”, for any London Business Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from 
(and including) such London Business Day “i” up to (but excluding) the next 
following London Business Day;
“SONIAi” means, in relation to any London Business Day, the SONIA reference 
rate in respect of:
(i)
that London Business Day “i”, where Observation Shift is specified hereon 
as being applicable; or
(ii)
the London Business Day (being a London Business Day falling in the 
relevant SONIA Observation Period) falling “p” London Business Days 
prior to the relevant London Business Day “i”, where Lag is specified 
hereon as being applicable; and
the “SONIA reference rate”, in respect of any London Business Day, is a reference 
rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for such 
London Business Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page on the next 
following London Business Day or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as 
published by authorised distributors on such next following London Business Day 
or, if SONIA cannot be obtained from the Relevant Screen Page, as published on 
the Bank of England’s website at www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or 
such other page or website as may replace such page for the purposes of publishing 
the SONIA reference rate).
(z)
Subject to Condition 4(i), where SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate hereon 
and either (i) SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate is specified hereon as 
being applicable or (ii) the SONIA Compounded Index Rate is specified hereon as 
being applicable and Condition 4(a)(iv)(C)(y) applies, if, in respect of any London

--- Page 121 ---
114
Business Day, the SONIA reference rate is not available on the Relevant Screen 
Page or the Relevant Fallback Screen Page as applicable (or as otherwise provided 
in the relevant definition thereof) or as published on the Bank of England’s website 
at www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such other page or website as 
may replace such page for the purposes of publishing the SONIA reference rate), 
such Reference Rate shall be:
(i)
(1) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at close 
of business on the relevant London Business Day; plus (2) the mean of the 
spread of the SONIA reference rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five 
days on which the SONIA reference rate has been published, excluding the 
highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those 
highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest 
spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate, or
(ii)
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA reference rate published on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or as otherwise provided in the relevant 
definition thereof) or (if later) as published on the Bank of England’s 
website at www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such other 
page or website as may replace such page for the purposes of publishing the 
SONIA reference rate) for the first preceding London Business Day on 
which the SONIA reference rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or as otherwise provided in the relevant definition thereof) or (if later) as 
published 
on 
the 
Bank 
of 
England’s 
website 
at 
www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such other page or 
website as may replace such page for the purposes of publishing the SONIA 
reference rate), and
in each case, SONIAi shall be interpreted accordingly.
(aa)
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 9, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination 
Date specified hereon, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due 
and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such 
Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such date and as if (solely for the 
purpose of such interest determination) the relevant Interest Period had been 
shortened accordingly.
(D)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded SOFR
(x)
SOFR Compounded Index Rate
Where (i) Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined; (ii) the Reference Rate is specified hereon 
as being SOFR; and (iii) SOFR Compounded Index Rate is specified hereon as 
being applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject to 
Condition 4(e) and as provided below, be the SOFR Compounded Index Rate 
determined as follows.
“SOFR Compounded Index Rate” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment during the SOFR 
Observation Period relating to such Interest Period (with the Secured Overnight

--- Page 122 ---
115
Financing Rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as 
follows:
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑁𝐷
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑇𝐴𝑅𝑇
−1) × (360
𝑑)
provided, however, that, and subject as provided below, if the SOFR Compounded 
Index Value is not available in relation to any Interest Period on the SOFR 
Administrator’s Website for the determination of either or both of SOFR 
Compounded IndexSTART and/or SOFR Compounded IndexEND and a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have not occurred 
with respect to such SOFR Compounded Index Value, the Rate of Interest shall be 
calculated for such Interest Period on the basis of the SOFR Compounded Daily 
Reference Rate as set out in Condition 4(a)(iv)(D)(y) as if SOFR Compounded 
Daily Reference Rate with Observation Shift had been specified hereon as being 
applicable,
where:
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant SOFR Observation Period;
“p” means, for any Interest Period, the whole number specified hereon (or, if no 
such number is so specified, five) representing a number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days;
“SOFR” means the daily secured overnight financing rate as provided by the SOFR 
Administrator on the SOFR Administrator’s Website;
“SOFR Administrator” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of SOFR);
“SOFR Administrator’s Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York, or any successor source;
“SOFR Compounded Index” means the index known as SOFR Index administered 
by the SOFR Administrator;
“SOFR Compounded Index Value” means, in relation to any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, the value of the SOFR Compounded Index as published 
by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at 3:00 p.m. 
(New York City time) on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day;
“SOFR Compounded IndexEND” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the SOFR 
Compounded Index Value on the last day of the relevant SOFR Observation Period;
“SOFR Compounded IndexSTART”means, in respect of an Interest Period, the SOFR 
Compounded Index Value on the first day of the relevant SOFR Observation 
Period;
“SOFR Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period 
from (and including) the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the first SOFR Observation 
Period shall begin on (and include) the date which is “p” U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on

--- Page 123 ---
116
(but excluding) the date which is “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling “p” 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes become due and payable); and
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, 
a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be 
closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, if both a Benchmark Transition Event 
and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to 
determining the SOFR Compounded Index Rate, the benchmark replacement 
provisions set forth in Condition 4(a)(iv)(D)(aa) below shall apply for the purposes 
of all determinations of the Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes.
(y)
SOFR Compounded Daily Reference Rate
Where (i) Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined; (ii) the Reference Rate is specified hereon 
as being SOFR; and (iii) SOFR Compounded Daily Reference Rate is specified 
hereon as being applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject 
to Condition 4(e) and as provided below, be the SOFR Compounded Daily 
Reference Rate determined as follows:
“SOFR Compounded Daily Reference Rate” means, in respect of an Interest 
Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
as follows:
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] × 360
𝑑
where:
“p”, “SOFR Administrator”, “SOFR Administrator’s Website”, “SOFR 
Observation Period” and “U.S. Government Securities Business Day” have the 
respective meanings set out in Condition 4(a)(iv)(D)(x);
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant:
(i)
SOFR Observation Period, where Observation Shift is specified hereon as 
being applicable; or
(ii)
Interest Period, where Lag is specified hereon as being applicable;
“do” is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant:
(i)
SOFR Observation Period, where Observation Shift is specified hereon as 
being applicable; or
(ii)
Interest Period, where Lag is specified hereon as being applicable;

--- Page 124 ---
117
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from (and including) 
the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant:
(i)
SOFR Observation Period, where Observation Shift is specified hereon as 
being applicable, to (and including) the last U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in the relevant SOFR Observation Period; or
(ii)
Interest Period, where Lag is specified hereon as being applicable, to (and 
including) the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Period;
“ni”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”, means the number of 
calendar days from (and including) such U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
“i” up to (but excluding) the next following U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day;
“SOFRi” means, in relation to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the 
SOFR reference rate in respect of:
(i)
that U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”, where Observation Shift 
is specified hereon as being applicable; or
(ii)
the U.S. Government Securities Business Day (being a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day falling in the relevant SOFR Observation Period) 
falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”, where Lag is specified 
hereon as being applicable; and
the “SOFR reference rate” means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, a rate determined in accordance with the following provisions:
(i)
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day that appears on the SOFR Administrator’s Website 
at or about 3.00 p.m. (New York City time) on the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day immediately following such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day; and
(ii)
if the rate specified in paragraph (i) above does not so appear, unless both a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred, then the Calculation Agent shall use the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website for the first 
preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day on which the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate was published on the SOFR Administrator’s 
Website.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, if both a Benchmark Transition Event 
and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to 
determining the SOFR Compounded Daily Reference Rate, the benchmark 
replacement provisions set forth in Condition 4(a)(iv)(D)(aa) below shall apply for 
the purposes of all determinations of the Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes.
(z)
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 9, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination

--- Page 125 ---
118
Date specified hereon, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due 
and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such 
Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such date and as if (solely for the 
purpose of such interest determination) the relevant Interest Period had been 
shortened accordingly.
(aa)
Notwithstanding any other provisions in these Conditions, if:
(i)
the Benchmark is SOFR; and
(ii)
any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to the Benchmark,
then the following provisions of this Condition 4(a)(iv)(D)(aa) shall apply.
I
Benchmark Replacement
If the relevant Issuer or its designee determines prior to the Reference Time 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date that a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will 
replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in 
respect of all determinations on such date and all determinations on all 
subsequent dates (subject to any subsequent application of this Condition 
4(a)(iv)(D)(aa) with respect to such Benchmark Replacement).
II
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the 
relevant Issuer or its designee will have the right to make Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time.
At the request of the relevant Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee of 
an officer’s certificate pursuant to Condition 4(a)(iv)(D)(aa)(IV) and 
subject as provided below, the Trustee shall (at the expense of the relevant 
Issuer), without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders, be obliged to concur with the relevant Issuer in effecting any 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (including, inter alia, by the 
execution of a supplemental trust deed to or amending the Trust Deed), 
provided that the Trustee shall not be obliged so to concur if in the opinion 
of the Trustee doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon it or 
expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or 
amend the protective provisions afforded to the Trustee in the Trust Deed 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental trust deed) in any 
way.
The Calculation Agent or any Paying Agent is not obliged to concur with 
the relevant Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes which, in the sole opinion of the Calculation Agent or the relevant 
Paying Agent, as the case may be, would impose more onerous obligations 
upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or 
reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent 
or the relevant Paying Agent (as applicable) in the Agency Agreement.

--- Page 126 ---
119
None of the Trustee, the Calculation Agent or the Issuing and Paying Agent 
shall have any liability for any determination made by or on behalf of the 
relevant Issuer or its designee in connection with a Benchmark Transition 
Event or a Benchmark Replacement. For the avoidance of doubt, unless 
otherwise agreed upon in writing, the Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent 
or the Calculation Agent shall in no event be the relevant Issuer’s designee.
III
Decisions and Determinations
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the relevant 
Issuer or its designee pursuant to this Condition 4(a)(iv)(D)(aa), including 
(without limitation) any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or 
adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, 
circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any 
action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest 
error, may be made in the relevant Issuer’s or its designee’s sole discretion 
(as applicable), and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these 
Conditions or the Trust Deed, shall become effective without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders or any other party.
In connection with any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes in 
accordance with this Condition 4(a)(iv)(D)(aa), the relevant Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the 
time being listed or admitted to trading.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(a)(iv)(D)(aa), no 
Benchmark Replacement will be adopted, nor will the applicable 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment be applied, nor will any Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes be made, if and to the extent that, in the 
determination of the relevant Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected 
to prejudice the then current or future qualification of the Notes as Tier 2 
Capital.
IV
Notice and Certification
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and 
the specific terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
determined under this Condition 4(a)(iv)(D)(aa) will be notified at least 10 
business days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date by the 
relevant Issuer to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, 
promptly thereafter, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders. 
Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, if any.
No later than notifying the Noteholders of the same, the relevant Issuer shall 
deliver to the Trustee an officer’s certificate:
(A)
confirming (a) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement, (c) the applicable Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and (d) the 
specific terms of the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (if any), in 
each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 
4(a)(iv)(D)(aa); and

--- Page 127 ---
120
(B)
certifying that the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (if any) are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Benchmark Replacement and the 
applicable Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without liability to 
any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Benchmark Replacement, 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the 
absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Benchmark 
Replacement, the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes (if any) and without prejudice to the 
Trustee’s ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the 
relevant Issuer, the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and 
the Noteholders.
V
Definitions
In this Condition 4(a)(iv)(D)(aa):
“Benchmark” means, initially, SOFR (provided that if a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used in the 
calculation thereof) or any Benchmark which has replaced it in accordance 
with this Condition 4(a)(iv)(D)(aa), then the term “Benchmark” means the 
applicable Benchmark Replacement);
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set out in the order 
below that can be determined by the relevant Issuer or its designee as at the 
Benchmark Replacement Date:
(A)
the sum of: (1) the alternative rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-
current Benchmark and (2) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;
(B)
the sum of: (1) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (2) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or
(C)
the sum of: (1) the alternative rate of interest that has been selected by the relevant 
Issuer or its designee as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving 
due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar denominated floating rate notes at such 
time and (2) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set out in the order 
below that can be determined by the relevant Issuer or its designee as at the Benchmark 
Replacement Date:
(A)
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), or 
method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;
(B)
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or

--- Page 128 ---
121
(C)
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has 
been selected by the relevant Issuer or its designee giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with 
the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar denominated 
floating rate notes at such time;
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to 
the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
payments of interest, rounding amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that 
the relevant Issuer or its designee decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of 
such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice 
(or, if the relevant Issuer or its designee decides that adoption of any portion of such 
market practice is not administratively feasible or if the relevant Issuer or its designee 
determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such 
other manner as the relevant Issuer or its designee determines is reasonably necessary);
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in 
the calculation thereof):
(A)
in the case of paragraph (A) or (B) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition 
Event”, the later of (1) the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein and (2) the date on which the administrator of the 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or
(B)
in the case of paragraph (C) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event”, the 
date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein.
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date 
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred 
prior to the Reference Time for such determination;
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof):
(A)
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator 
of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has 
ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently 
or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component);
(B)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the 
currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or

--- Page 129 ---
122
such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), which 
states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or 
will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or
(C)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative;
“designee” means an affiliate or any other agent of the relevant Issuer;
“ISDA Definitions” has the meaning given to it in Condition 16;
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect 
to the Benchmark;
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation 
date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA 
Fallback Adjustment;
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (A) if the 
Benchmark is SOFR, 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) or such other time as is reasonably 
agreed between the relevant Issuer or its designee and the Calculation Agent and (B) if the 
Benchmark is not SOFR, the time determined by the relevant Issuer or its designee in 
accordance with the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes;
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal 
Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; 
and
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.
(E)
Linear Interpolation
Where Linear Interpolation is specified hereon as applicable in respect of an Interest 
Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as applicable) or 
the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as 
applicable), one of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period, provided however, that if there is no such rate available for the period of 
time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the relevant Issuer shall

--- Page 130 ---
123
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate.
(b)
Resettable Notes
(i)
Each Resettable Note bears interest on its outstanding amount:
(A)
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date up to (but excluding) the First 
Resettable Note Reset Date at the Initial Rate of Interest;
(B)
from (and including) the First Resettable Note Reset Date to (but excluding) the Second 
Resettable Note Reset Date or, if no such Second Resettable Note Reset Date is specified 
hereon, the Maturity Date, at the First Reset Rate of Interest; and
(C)
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate 
of Interest.
Interest will be payable in arrear on each Resettable Note Interest Payment Date and on the date 
specified hereon as the Maturity Date.
(ii)
Fallback Provisions for Resettable Notes
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap 
Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Calculation Agent shall request each of 
the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation 
as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on the 
Reset Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum 
of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. 
being rounded upwards) of the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the First Margin 
or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) with such sum converted as set out in the definition of First 
Reset Rate of Interest or Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable), all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent.
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 4(b)(ii), the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate 
of Interest (as applicable) shall be determined to be the Rate of Interest as at the last preceding 
Resettable Note Reset Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the First Reset 
Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest (though substituting, in each case, the 
Subsequent Margin or First Margin, as appropriate, if different for each Reset Period).
(c)
Zero Coupon Notes
Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be zero coupon is repayable prior to the Maturity 
Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Early 
Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue 
principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation 
Yield (as described in Condition 5(h)(i)).

--- Page 131 ---
124
(d)
Accrual of Interest
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon due presentation, 
payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (both before 
and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 4 to the Relevant 
Date (as defined in Condition 16).
(e)
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts and Rounding
(i)
If any Margin is specified hereon (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more Interest 
Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of 
Interest for the specified Interest Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with 
Condition 4(a) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting (if a negative number) the 
absolute value of such Margin specified on the Notes, subject always to the next paragraph.
(ii)
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Optional Redemption Amount is specified on 
the Notes, then such Rate of Interest or Optional Redemption Amount shall be subject to such 
maximum or minimum, as the case may be.
(iii)
Unless otherwise stated hereon, the Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest Period shall not be 
less than zero.
(iv)
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 of a percentage point 
being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (provided that if 
the eighth significant figure is a 5 or greater, the seventh significant figure shall be rounded up) 
and (z) all currency amounts which fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of 
such currency (with half a unit being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded 
down to the nearest yen. For these purposes, “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency 
which is available as legal tender in the countries of such currency.
(f)
Calculations
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any Interest Period 
shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount specified hereon, and the 
Day Count Fraction for such Interest Period, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) 
is applicable to such Interest Period, in which case the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be 
calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest 
Periods, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall 
be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest Periods. In respect of any 
other period for which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the 
Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required to be calculated.
(g)
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Clean-up Call 
Option Amounts
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on each Interest Determination Date, or (if 
applicable) Reset Determination Date or such other time on such date as it may be required to calculate 
any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate 
and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period, calculate the Final

--- Page 132 ---
125
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Clean-Up Call 
Option Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, 
and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Period or Reset Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date and/or Resettable Note Interest Payment Date and, if required to be 
calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or 
Clean-up Call Option Amount to be notified to the relevant Issuer, the Trustee, each of the Paying Agents, 
the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further 
calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the 
rules of such exchange or other relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant authority 
as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the 
relevant Interest Period or Reset Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to 
such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business 
Day after such determination. Where any date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 4(a)(ii), the 
Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date or Resettable Note Interest Payment Date so published 
may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made with the consent of the 
Trustee by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest 
Period or Reset Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 9, the accrued interest and 
the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall, subject in the case of each of the SONIA 
Compounded Index Rate, the SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate, the SOFR Compounded 
Index Rate and the SOFR Compounded Daily Reference Rate to Condition 4(a)(iv)(C) or 4(a)(iv)(D), 
as applicable, nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but 
no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made unless the 
Trustee otherwise requires. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and 
the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties.
(h)
Calculation Agents
The relevant Issuer will procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if 
provision is made for them in the Conditions applicable to this Note and for so long as it is outstanding. 
Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these 
Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its 
respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or 
if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or Reset Period 
or to calculate any Interest Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount or Clean-up Call Option Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other 
requirements, the relevant Issuer will appoint a leading bank or financial institution engaged in the 
interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most 
closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting 
through its principal London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such 
in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed 
as aforesaid.
(i)
Benchmark Discontinuation
If (i) the Original Reference Rate is not SOFR and (ii) a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the 
Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply (with 
effect from 30 days prior to the first date when such determination is necessary).
(i)
Independent Adviser

--- Page 133 ---
126
The relevant Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, to consult with the relevant Issuer in determining a Successor 
Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 4(i)(ii)) and, in either case, 
an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 4(i)(iv)).
In making such determination, the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4(i) 
and the relevant Issuer shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. In the 
absence of bad faith or fraud, the relevant Issuer and the Independent Adviser shall have no 
liability whatsoever to the relevant Issuer, the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, 
or the Noteholders, as applicable, for any determination made by the relevant Issuer and/or for 
any advice given to the relevant Issuer in connection with any determination made by the relevant 
Issuer pursuant to this Condition 4(i).
If (i) the relevant Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the relevant Issuer 
fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this 
Condition 4(i) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to 
the next succeeding Interest Period shall (subject as provided below) be equal to the Rate of 
Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest 
Period. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the Initial 
Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period. For 
the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period 
only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to 
adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4(i)(i).
For the purposes of this Condition 4(i) only, in respect of any Resettable Notes, references to (i) 
Interest Determination Date shall be read as references to Reset Determination Date, (ii) Interest 
Period shall be read as references to Reset Period and (iii) Interest Payment Date shall be read as 
references to Resettable Note Reset Date.
(ii)
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate
If the relevant Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that:
(A)
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread 
shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate 
of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 4(i)); or
(B)
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate 
and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 
4(i)).
(iii)
Adjustment Spread
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment Spread) 
shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).

--- Page 134 ---
127
(iv)
Benchmark Amendments
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread 
is determined in accordance with this Condition 4(i) and the relevant Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions and/or the Trust Deed are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in 
either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark 
Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the relevant Issuer shall, 
subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 4(i)(v) without any requirement for 
the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions and/or of the Trust Deed to give 
effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice.
At the request of the relevant Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee of an officer’s certificate 
pursuant to Condition 4(i)(v), the Trustee shall (at the expense of the relevant Issuer), without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, be obliged to concur with the 
relevant Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution 
of a supplemental trust deed to or amending the Trust Deed), provided that the Trustee shall not 
be obliged so to concur if in the opinion of the Trustee doing so would impose more onerous 
obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or 
amend the protective provisions afforded to the Trustee in the Trust Deed (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any supplemental trust deed) in any way.
The Calculation Agent or any Paying Agent is not obliged to concur with the relevant Issuer in 
effecting any Benchmark Amendments which, in the sole opinion of the Calculation Agent or the 
relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, would impose more onerous obligations upon it or 
expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective 
provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent (as applicable) in the 
Agency Agreement.
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4(i), the relevant Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed 
or admitted to trading.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(i), no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
will be adopted, nor will the applicable Adjustment Spread be applied, nor will any Benchmark 
Amendments be made, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the relevant Issuer, the 
same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the then current or future qualification of the 
Notes as Tier 2 Capital.
(v)
Notices, etc.
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 4(i) will be notified at least 10 
business days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date by the relevant Issuer to the 
Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, promptly thereafter, in accordance with 
Condition 13, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective 
date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.
No later than notifying the Noteholders of the same, the relevant Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee 
an officer’s certificate:

--- Page 135 ---
128
(A)
confirming (a) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (b) the Successor Rate or, as the case 
may be, the Alternative Rate, (c) the applicable Adjustment Spread and (d) the specific 
terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each case as determined in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition 4(i); and
(B)
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread.
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without liability to any person) as 
sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread 
and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of 
manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the 
Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the 
Trustee’s ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the relevant Issuer, the 
Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders.
(vi)
Survival of Original Reference Rate
Without prejudice to the obligations of the relevant Issuer under Conditions 4(i)(i), 4(i)(ii), 
4(i)(iii) and 4(i)(iv), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in 
Condition 4(a)(iv) and Condition 4(b), as applicable, will continue to apply unless and until a 
Benchmark Event has occurred.
5
Redemption, Purchase and Options
(a)
Final redemption
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled or (pursuant to Condition 5(k)) substituted, each 
Note will be redeemed at its Final Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise provided, is its nominal 
amount) on the Maturity Date specified on each Note.
(b)
Redemption for taxation reasons
If, as a result of any amendment to, or change in, the laws or regulations of Ireland or any political 
subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax or in the officially 
published application or interpretation or administration of any such laws or regulations which becomes 
effective on or after the Issue Date of the last Tranche of Notes, (i) the relevant Issuer would, on the 
occasion of the next payment date in respect of the Notes, be required to pay additional amounts as 
provided in Condition 7, or (ii) any relief from tax in respect of interest paid on the Notes would be 
withdrawn by Ireland or (iii) any payment of interest would be treated as a distribution by Ireland (each, 
a “Tax Event”), the relevant Issuer may, at its sole discretion, on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note 
is a Floating Rate Note) or at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) on giving not more than 
45 nor less than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify 
the date fixed for redemption) in accordance with Condition 13 and subject to Condition 5(j), redeem 
all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount as specified hereon together with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant date fixed for redemption. Prior to the publication of any 
notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 5(b), the relevant Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a 
certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the relevant Issuer stating that the relevant Issuer is 
entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of the facts showing that the conditions 
precedent to the right of the relevant Issuer so to redeem have occurred and the Trustee shall be entitled 
to accept such certificate without further inquiry as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the

--- Page 136 ---
129
conditions precedent referred to above, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Trustee 
and the holders of the Notes and Coupons.
(c)
Purchases
Subject to Condition 5(j) and Applicable Regulatory Capital Requirements, the relevant Issuer and any 
of its subsidiaries may purchase (or otherwise acquire), or procure others to purchase (or otherwise 
acquire) beneficially for its account, Notes (provided that, in the case of Bearer Notes, all unmatured 
Coupons and unexchanged Talons appertaining thereto are attached or surrendered therewith) in any 
manner and at any price.
(d)
Redemption for Regulatory Reasons
Subject to Condition 5(j), if a Capital Disqualification Event (as defined in Condition 16) has occurred 
and is continuing, the relevant Issuer may, at its sole discretion, having given:
(i)
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
13; and
(ii)
prior notice to the Trustee before the giving of the notice referred to in (i),
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all (but not 
some only) of the Notes then outstanding at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any 
Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) at the Early Redemption Amount(s) specified 
hereon together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant date fixed for redemption.
(e)
Redemption due to Loss Absorption Disqualification Event
Subject to Condition 5(j), if Loss Absorption Disqualification Event is specified on the Notes as being 
applicable, and a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event (as defined in Condition 16) has occurred and 
is continuing, the relevant Issuer may, at its sole discretion, having given:
(i)
not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
13; and
(ii)
prior notice to the Trustee before the giving of the notice referred to in (i),
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all (but not 
some only) of the Notes then outstanding at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any 
Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) at the Early Redemption Amount(s) specified 
hereon together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant date fixed for redemption.
(f)
Redemption at the Option of the relevant Issuer
Subject to Condition 5(j), if Call Option is specified on the Notes as being applicable, the relevant Issuer 
may, at its sole discretion, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice (which notice shall 
be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption) to the Noteholders (or such other notice 
period as may be specified on the Notes) redeem all (or, if so provided, some) of the Notes on any 
Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption 
Amount together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant date fixed for redemption. Any 
such redemption must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption 
Amount to be redeemed specified hereon and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be 
redeemed specified hereon.

--- Page 137 ---
130
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition.
In the case of a partial redemption, the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the serial numbers of the 
Bearer Notes or, in the case of Registered Notes, shall specify the nominal amount of Registered Notes 
drawn and the holder(s) of such Registered Notes, to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such 
place as the Trustee may approve and in such manner as it deems appropriate, subject to compliance 
with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant authority requirements.
(g)
Clean-up Call Option
If (i) Clean-up Call Option is specified hereon as being applicable and (ii) the Clean-up Call Minimum 
Percentage (or more) of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes originally issued has been 
redeemed or purchased and subsequently cancelled by the relevant Issuer, the relevant Issuer may, at its 
sole discretion, but subject to Condition 5(j), from (and including) the Clean-up Call Effective Date on 
giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify 
the date fixed for redemption) to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified on the 
Notes) redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes then outstanding at the Clean-up Call Option Amount 
specified on the Notes together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant date fixed for 
redemption.
For the purposes of this provision, any additional notes issued pursuant to Condition 12 so as to be 
consolidated and form a single series with the Notes outstanding at that time will be deemed to have 
been originally issued.
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition.
For the purposes of this provision, “Clean-up Call Effective Date” means the date specified hereon or 
such earlier date as may be permitted under the Applicable Regulatory Capital Requirements from time 
to time.
(h)
Early Redemption
(i)
Zero Coupon Notes
(A)
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Conditions 5(b) and 5(d) or upon it becoming due 
and payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be the Amortised Face Amount (calculated 
as provided below) of such Note unless otherwise specified hereon.
(B)
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Face Amount of any 
such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity 
Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation 
Yield (which, if none is shown hereon, shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised 
Face Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were discounted back to their 
issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually.
(C)
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of such Note upon its redemption 
pursuant to Conditions 5(b) and 5(d) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in 
Condition 9 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and payable in 
respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as described in 
sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the 
date on which the Note becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation

--- Page 138 ---
131
of the Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be 
made (both before and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date 
falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the 
scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any 
interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 4(c).
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on the 
basis of the Day Count Fraction shown hereon.
(ii)
Other Notes
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes described in (i) 
above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 5(b), Condition 5(d) or Condition 
5(e) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9, shall be the Final 
Redemption Amount unless otherwise specified hereon.
(i)
Cancellation
All Notes redeemed or substituted by the relevant Issuer pursuant to this Condition 5 will forthwith be 
cancelled. All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the relevant Issuer or any of its subsidiaries, subject 
to obtaining any Supervisory Permission therefor, may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the 
relevant Issuer, surrendered for cancellation, in the case of Bearer Notes, by surrendering each such Note 
(together with all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons) to the Issuing and Paying Agent and, 
in the case of Registered Notes, by surrendering the Certificate representing such Notes to the Registrar 
and, in each case, if so surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the relevant Issuer, be 
cancelled forthwith (together, in the case of Bearer Notes, with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so surrendered for cancellation may not be 
reissued or resold and the obligations of the relevant Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be 
permanently and irrevocably discharged.
(j)
Conditions to Redemption or Purchase
Any redemption or purchase of the Notes in accordance with Conditions 5(b), (c), (d) or (e) is subject to 
(in each case, if and to the extent then required under the Applicable Regulatory Capital Requirements) 
the following conditions:
(i)
the relevant Issuer has obtained prior Supervisory Permission for such redemption or purchase 
(as the case may be);
(ii)
in the case of any redemption or purchase of any Notes, save in the case of Condition 5(j)(v)(A) 
below, either: (A) the relevant Issuer has (or will on or before the relevant redemption or purchase 
date, have) replaced the Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that 
are sustainable for the income capacity of the relevant Issuer; or (B) the relevant Issuer having 
demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that the own funds and eligible 
liabilities of the relevant Issuer would, following such redemption or purchase, exceed its 
minimum applicable requirements (including any applicable buffer requirements) by a margin 
(calculated in accordance with prevailing Applicable Regulatory Capital Requirements) that the 
Relevant Regulator considers necessary at such time; and
(iii)
in the case of any redemption of the Notes prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date of the 
last Tranche of Notes, upon the occurrence of a Tax Event, the relevant Issuer has demonstrated 
to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that the change in tax treatment is material and was 
not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date of the last Tranche of Notes;

--- Page 139 ---
132
(iv)
in the case of any redemption of the Notes prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date of the 
last Tranche of Notes upon the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event, the relevant Issuer 
has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that the relevant change in the 
regulatory classification of the Notes was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date of the 
last Tranche of Notes; and
(v)
in the case of any purchase of the Notes prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date of the last 
Tranche of Notes pursuant to Condition 5(c), either (A) the relevant Issuer has, before or at the 
same time as such purchase, replaced the Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher 
quality at terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the relevant Issuer, and the 
Relevant Regulator has permitted such action on the basis of the determination that it would be 
beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by exceptional circumstances or (B) the 
relevant Notes are being purchased for market-making purposes in accordance with the 
Applicable Regulatory Capital Requirements.
Any refusal by the Relevant Regulator to give its Supervisory Permission as contemplated above shall 
not constitute a default for any purpose.
Notwithstanding the above conditions, if, at the time of any redemption or purchase, the Applicable 
Regulatory Capital Requirements permit the repayment or purchase only after compliance with one or 
more alternative or additional pre-conditions to those set out above in this Condition 5(j), the relevant 
Issuer shall comply with such alternative and/or, as appropriate, additional pre-condition(s).
In addition, in the case of a redemption occurring in respect of a Tax Event pursuant to Condition 5(b), 
the relevant Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a copy of an opinion of an independent nationally 
recognised law firm or other tax adviser in Ireland experienced in such matters that a Tax Event has 
occurred and is continuing.
Prior to the publication of any notice of early redemption pursuant to this Condition 5 (other than 
redemption pursuant to Condition 5(f)), the relevant Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a certificate signed 
by any two Authorised Signatories of the relevant Issuer stating that the relevant Issuer is entitled to 
effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of the facts showing that the conditions precedent 
to the right of the relevant Issuer so to redeem have occurred and the Trustee shall be entitled to accept 
such certificate without further inquiry as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions 
precedent referred to above, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Trustee and the 
holders of the Notes and Coupons.
(k)
Substitution and Variation
If “Substitution and Variation” is specified hereon as being applicable, then:
(i)
Substitution and Variation
If a Tax Event, Loss Absorption Disqualification Event or a Capital Disqualification Event has 
occurred and is continuing, the relevant Issuer (in its sole discretion but subject to the provisions 
of paragraph (ii) below), having given:
(A)
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13; and
(B)
prior notice to the Trustee before the giving of the notice referred to in (A) and having 
delivered to the Trustee the certificate referred to in the definition of “Tier 2 Compliant 
Notes”, as the case may be, in Condition 16,

--- Page 140 ---
133
(which notices shall be irrevocable), may, without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
the Noteholders, either substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes for, or vary the terms of the 
Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Tier 2 Compliant Notes. Upon the expiry 
of the notice referred to in (A) above, the relevant Issuer shall either vary the terms of or, as the 
case may be, substitute the Notes in accordance with this Condition 5(k)(i) and, subject as set out 
in Conditions 5(i)(ii) and (iii), the Trustee shall agree to such substitution or variation. In 
connection with any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 5(k), the relevant 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which such Notes are for the time 
being listed or admitted to trading.
(ii)
Conditions to Substitution and Variation
Any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 5(k) is subject to the following 
conditions:
(A)
the relevant Issuer shall have obtained prior Supervisory Permission therefor from the 
Relevant Regulator (if then required by the Relevant Regulator or by the Applicable 
Regulatory Capital Requirements);
(B)
such substitution or variation must be permitted by, and conducted in accordance with, 
any other applicable requirement of the Relevant Regulator or under the Applicable 
Regulatory Capital Requirements;
(C)
such substitution or variation shall not result in any event or circumstance which at or 
around that time gives the relevant Issuer a redemption right in respect of the Notes; and
(D)
prior to the publication of any notice of substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 
5(k), the relevant Issuer shall have delivered to the Trustee a certificate signed by two 
Authorised Signatories of the relevant Issuer stating that the Tax Event, Loss Absorption 
Disqualification Event or Capital Disqualification Event giving rise to the right to 
substitute or vary the Notes has occurred and is continuing as at the date of the certificate, 
that all conditions set out in (A), (B) and (C) above have been satisfied and the Trustee 
shall be entitled to accept such certificate without any further inquiry as sufficient 
evidence thereof, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Trustee, the 
Noteholders and, as applicable, the Couponholders.
(iii)
Role of the Trustee in Substitution and Variation
The Trustee shall, subject to the relevant Issuer’s compliance with Condition 5(k)(ii) and the 
provision of the certificates signed by two Authorised Signatories of the relevant Issuer and at 
the expense and cost of the relevant Issuer, use its reasonable endeavours to assist the relevant 
Issuer in any substitution or variation of Notes pursuant to this Condition 5(k), except that the 
Trustee shall not be obliged to assist in any such substitution or variation if either such 
substitution or variation itself or the terms of the proposed Tier 2 Compliant Notes would impose, 
in the Trustee’s opinion, more onerous obligations upon it or require the Trustee to incur any 
liability for which it is not indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction.
6
Payments and Talons
(a)
Bearer Notes
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, be made 
against presentation and surrender of the relevant Notes (in the case of all payments of principal and, in

--- Page 141 ---
134
the case of interest, as specified in Condition 6(f)(v)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified 
in Condition 6(f)(ii)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer 
to an account denominated in such currency with, a Bank. “Bank” means a bank in the principal financial 
centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET 
System.
(b)
Registered Notes
(i)
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes shall be made against presentation and 
surrender of the relevant Certificates at the specified office of any of the Transfer Agents or of 
the Registrar and in the manner provided in paragraph (ii) below.
(ii)
Interest on Registered Notes shall be paid to the person shown on the Register at the close of 
business on the fifteenth day before the due date for payment thereof (the “Record Date”). 
Payments of interest on each Registered Note shall be made in the relevant currency by cheque 
drawn on a Bank and mailed to the holder (or to the first named of joint holders) of such Note at 
its address appearing in the Register. Upon application by the holder to the specified office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record Date, such payment of interest may be made 
by transfer to an account in the relevant currency maintained by the payee with a Bank.
(c)
Payments in the United States
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in respect 
thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner 
as aforesaid if (i) the relevant Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside 
the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of 
such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United 
States law, without involving, in the opinion of the relevant Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the 
relevant Issuer.
(d)
Payments subject to law etc.
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in 
the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7. No commission or expenses 
shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments.
(e)
Appointment of Agents
The Issuing and Paying Agent, the other Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the 
Calculation Agent initially appointed by the relevant Issuer and their respective specified offices are 
listed below. The Issuing and Paying Agent, the other Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents 
and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the relevant Issuer and, in certain circumstances 
specified in the Agency Agreement, of the Trustee and do not assume any obligation or relationship of 
agency or trust for or with any Noteholder or Couponholder. The relevant Issuer reserves the right at any 
time with the approval of the Trustee to vary or terminate the appointment of the Issuing and Paying 
Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to 
appoint additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer Agents, provided that the relevant Issuer shall at 
all times maintain (i) an Issuing and Paying Agent, (ii) a Registrar in relation to Registered Notes, (iii) a 
Transfer Agent in relation to Registered Notes, (iv) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the

--- Page 142 ---
135
Conditions so require, (v) a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the jurisdiction in 
which the relevant Issuer is incorporated and (vi) such other agents as may be required by any other 
stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed, in each case, as approved by the Trustee.
In addition, the relevant Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York in respect of any 
Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) above.
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office will promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13.
(f)
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons
(i)
Upon the due date for redemption of Bearer Notes which comprise Fixed Rate Notes, those Notes 
should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, 
failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the 
case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured 
Coupon which the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) will be deducted from 
the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or 
Clean-up Call Option Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted 
will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a 
period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such 
Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 8).
(ii)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note comprising a Floating Rate Note, 
unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no 
payment shall be made in respect of them.
(iii)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such 
Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect of 
such Talon.
(iv)
Where any Bearer Note which provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become void 
upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons, and where any Bearer Note is presented for redemption without any 
unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provisions of such 
indemnity as the relevant Issuer may require.
(v)
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, interest 
accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement Date, 
as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of 
the relevant Bearer Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be. Interest accrued on a 
Note which only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such 
Note against presentation of the relevant Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be.
(g)
Talons
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued in 
respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary 
another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons which may have become void 
pursuant to Condition 8).
(h)
Non-Business Days
If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall not be 
entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of

--- Page 143 ---
136
such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of 
presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” hereon and:
(i)
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by transfer 
to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange 
transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such currency; or
(ii)
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day.
7
Taxation
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by the relevant Issuer shall be 
made free and clear of, and without deduction or withholding for, or on account of, any taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by 
Ireland or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such deduction or withholding is required 
by law. In such event, in respect of payments of interest (but not principal or any other amount), the relevant 
Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders or, as the case may be, the 
Couponholders of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such deduction or withholding 
been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon:
(a)
presented (or in respect of which the Certificate representing it is presented) for payment by or on behalf 
of a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such 
Note or Coupon by reason of their having some connection with Ireland, other than the mere holding of 
such Note or Coupon or the receipt of the relevant payment in respect thereof; or
(b)
presented (or in respect of which the Certificate representing it is presented) for payment more than 30 
days after the Relevant Date, except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to 
such additional amounts on presenting the same for payment on such 30th day; or
(c)
presented (or in respect of which the Certificate representing it is presented) by, or by a third party on 
behalf of, a holder who could lawfully avoid (but has not so avoided) such deduction or withholding by 
complying or procuring that any third party complies with any statutory requirements or by making or 
procuring that any third party makes a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption 
to any tax authority in the place where the relevant Note (or the Certificate representing it) or Coupon is 
presented for payment.
References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of 
the Notes, all Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Clean-
up Call Option Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable 
pursuant to Condition 5 or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all 
Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 4 or any amendment or supplement to it 
and (iii) “interest” shall be deemed to include any additional amounts which may be payable under this 
Condition or any undertaking given in addition to or in substitution for it under the Trust Deed.
For the avoidance of doubt, any amounts to be paid on the Notes will be subject in all cases to any withholding 
or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any regulations thereunder or official interpretations 
thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement between the United States and Ireland, facilitating the 
implementation thereof (or any law implementing such an intergovernmental agreement). Any such amounts

--- Page 144 ---
137
withheld or deducted will be treated as paid for all purposes under the Notes, and no additional amounts will 
be paid on the Notes with respect to any such withholding or deduction.
8
Prescription
Claims against the relevant Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which, for this purpose 
shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years (in the case of 
principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect thereof.
9
Events of Default and Enforcement
(a)
Events of Default
(i)
If the relevant Issuer shall not make payment in respect of the Notes (in the case of any payment 
of principal and/or premium) for a period of seven days or more after the due date for the same 
or (in the case of any other amount in respect of the Notes) for a period of 15 days or more after 
a date upon which the payment of interest is due (other than where such non-payment is due 
solely to administrative error (whether by the relevant Issuer or a bank involved in transferring 
funds to the Paying Agent) and payment is made within three business days in London after notice 
of that non-payment has been given to the relevant Issuer by the Trustee), the Trustee may, subject 
as provided in Condition 9(b) below, at its discretion, institute proceedings in Ireland (but not 
elsewhere) for the winding-up of the relevant Issuer but (save as provided in (ii) below) may take 
no further action in respect of such default.
(ii)
In the event of a Winding-Up, whether or not instituted by the Trustee pursuant to (i), the Trustee 
may, subject as provided in Condition 9(b) below, at its discretion, give written notice to the 
relevant Issuer that the Notes are, and they shall accordingly thereby forthwith become, 
immediately due and repayable at their Early Redemption Amount as defined in Condition 5(h), 
plus accrued interest as provided in the Trust Deed.
(iii)
Without prejudice to paragraphs (i) and (ii) above, the Trustee may, subject as provided in 
Condition 9(b) below, at its discretion and without further notice, institute such proceedings 
against the relevant Issuer as it may think fit to enforce any obligation, condition or provision 
binding on the relevant Issuer under the Notes, the Coupons or the Trust Deed (other than any 
obligation for the payment of any principal, premium or interest in respect of the Notes), provided 
that the relevant Issuer shall not as a consequence of such proceedings be obliged to pay any sum 
or sums representing or measured by reference to principal or interest in respect of the Notes 
sooner than the same would otherwise have been due and payable by it or any damages.
(b)
Enforcement
The Trustee shall be bound to take action as referred to in Condition 9(a)(i), (ii) or (iii) above if (i) it 
shall have been so requested by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders or in writing by the 
holders of at least one-fifth in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding and (ii) it shall have been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction.
No Noteholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the relevant Issuer unless the Trustee, having 
become bound so to proceed, fails or is unable to do so within a reasonable period and such failure or 
inability shall be continuing, in which case the Noteholder shall have only such rights against the relevant 
Issuer as those which the Trustee is entitled to exercise pursuant to this Condition 9.
No Noteholder shall be entitled to institute proceedings for the winding-up of the relevant Issuer, or to 
prove in any Winding-Up, except that if the Trustee, having become bound to proceed against the

--- Page 145 ---
138
relevant Issuer as aforesaid, fails to do so within a reasonable period and the failure shall be continuing 
or, being able to prove in any Winding-Up, fails to do so, then any such holder may, on giving an 
indemnity satisfactory to the Trustee, institute proceedings for the winding-up in Ireland (but not 
elsewhere) of the relevant Issuer and/or prove in any Winding-Up to the same extent (but not further or 
otherwise) that the Trustee would have been entitled so to do in respect of its Notes.
No remedy against the relevant Issuer, other than as referred to in this Condition 9, shall be available to 
the Trustee or the Noteholders whether for the recovery of amounts owing in respect of the Notes or 
under the Trust Deed or in respect of any breach by the relevant Issuer of any of its obligations under 
the Trust Deed or the Notes (other than for recovery of the Trustee’s remuneration or expenses).
10
Meetings of Noteholders, Modifications, Waiver and Substitution
(a)
Meetings of Noteholders
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders (including meetings held via 
an electronic platform (as defined in the Trust Deed)) to consider any matter affecting their interests, 
including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of any of these Conditions or 
any provisions of the Trust Deed. Such a meeting may be convened by the relevant Issuer or the Trustee 
and shall be convened by the relevant Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than 
10 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. The quorum for any meeting 
convened to consider an Extraordinary Resolution shall be two or more persons holding or representing 
a clear majority in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned 
meeting two or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the 
Notes held or represented, unless the business of such meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter 
alia, (i) to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes, or any date for payment of interest 
or Interest Amounts thereon, (ii) to reduce or cancel the principal amount, or any premium payable on 
redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to vary the 
method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any 
Interest Amount in respect thereof, (iv) if there is shown on the face of the Notes a Minimum Rate of 
Interest and/or a Maximum Rate of Interest, to reduce such Minimum Rate of Interest and/or such 
Maximum Rate of Interest, (v) to change any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final Redemption 
Amount, the Early Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount, the Clean-up Call Option 
Amount or the Amortised Face Amount of any Note, (vi) to change the currency or currencies of payment 
of the Notes (other than upon the country of such currency adopting the euro as its currency), (vii) to 
modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or any 
adjournment thereof or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution or (viii) to alter the 
provisions as to subordination contained in Condition 3 and in the Trust Deed (except to the extent that 
such alteration would, in the opinion of the Trustee, not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders), in which case the necessary quorum shall be two or more persons holding or representing 
not less than 75 per cent., or at any adjourned meeting not less than 25 per cent., in principal amount of 
the Notes for the time being outstanding.
The agreement or approval of the Noteholders shall not be required in the case of any variation of these 
Conditions and/or the Trust Deed required to be made in the circumstances described in Condition 4(i) 
or those described in Condition 5(k) in connection with the variation of the terms of the Notes and to 
which the Trustee has agreed pursuant to the relevant provisions of Condition 4(i) or, as applicable, 
Condition 5(k).
The Trust Deed provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less 
than 75 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes outstanding shall for all purposes be as valid and

--- Page 146 ---
139
effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held. 
Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, 
each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders.
Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding on Noteholders (whether or not they were 
present at the meeting at which such resolution was passed) and on all Couponholders.
(b)
Modification and Waiver
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders but subject to 
Condition 10(f), to (i) any modification of any of these Conditions or the provisions of the Trust Deed 
which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error, and (ii) any other 
modification (except as mentioned in the Trust Deed), and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or 
proposed breach, of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed which is in the opinion of the Trustee not 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. In addition, the Trustee shall be obliged to 
effect such modifications to the Trust Deed and/or these Conditions as may be required in order to give 
effect to Condition 4(i) in connection with effecting any Benchmark Amendments or any Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes, subject to the provisions thereof, without the requirement for the 
consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders.
Any such modification, authorisation or waiver shall be binding on the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders and, if the Trustee so requires, such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders as 
soon as practicable.
(c)
Substitution
The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Trustee to agree, subject to such amendment of the 
Trust Deed and such other conditions as the Trustee may require and Condition 10(f), but without the 
consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, to the substitution of a successor in business of the 
relevant Issuer in place of the relevant Issuer, or of any previous substituted company, as principal debtor 
under the Trust Deed and the Notes provided that, unless such substituted company is a successor in 
business of the relevant Issuer, the relevant Issuer unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees, on a 
subordinated basis, the payment of all moneys payable by the substituted company as principal debtor 
under the Trust Deed and the Notes, and subject to the Trustee being satisfied that the substitution is not 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. In the case of such a substitution the Trustee 
may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to a change of the law governing 
the Notes, the Coupons and/or the Trust Deed provided that such change would not in the opinion of the 
Trustee be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders.
(d)
Entitlement of the Trustee
In connection with the exercise of its functions (including, but not limited to, any modification, waiver, 
authorisation, determination or substitution) the Trustee shall have regard to the interests of the 
Noteholders as a class and shall not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual 
Noteholders or Couponholders and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder 
or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the relevant Issuer, the Trustee or any other person any 
indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual 
Noteholders or Couponholders.
(e)
Indemnification of the Trustee
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility. The Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the relevant Issuer and any

--- Page 147 ---
140
entity related to the relevant Issuer and to act as trustee for the holders of any other securities issued or 
guaranteed by, or relating to, the relevant Issuer and/or any entity related to the relevant Issuer. The 
Trustee is entitled to retain and not be liable to account for any profit made or any other amount or 
benefit received thereby or in connection therewith.
The Trustee may rely without liability to the Noteholders or Couponholders on a report, confirmation or 
certificate or any advice of any accountants, financial advisers, financial institution or any other expert, 
whether or not addressed to the Trustee and whether its liability in relation thereto is limited (by its terms 
or by any engagement letter relating thereto entered into by the Trustee or in any other manner) by 
reference to a monetary cap, methodology or otherwise. The Trustee may accept and shall be entitled to 
rely on any such report, confirmation or certificate or advice and such report, confirmation or certificate 
or advice shall be binding on the relevant Issuer, the Trustee and the Noteholders.
The Trustee shall not be liable for any consequences of any application of Irish Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers (as provided in Condition 15(c) below) in respect of the relevant Issuer or any of its 
affiliates or any Notes and shall not be required to take any action in connection therewith that would, 
in the Trustee’s opinion, expose the Trustee to any liability or expense unless it shall have been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction; provided that nothing in this Condition 
shall prevent any application of Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers in respect of the relevant Issuer 
or any of its affiliates or any Notes from taking effect, and each Noteholder or Couponholder, by its 
acquisition of any Note or Coupon, authorises and instructs the Trustee to take such steps as may be 
necessary or expedient in order to give effect to any such application of Irish Statutory Loss Absorption 
Powers.
(f)
Supervisory Permission
Any substitution, variation or modification of the Notes or (to the extent such substitution, variation or 
modification relates to Notes which are outstanding) the Trust Deed in accordance with this Condition 
10 is subject to the relevant Issuer obtaining Supervisory Permission therefor, provided that at the 
relevant time such permission is required to be given.
11
Replacement of Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons
If a Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed it may be replaced, subject 
to applicable laws and stock exchange regulations, at the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent (in 
the case of Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons) and of the Registrar (in the case of Certificates) or such other 
Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as may from time to time be designated by the relevant 
Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
13, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such 
terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or 
destroyed Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for 
exchange for further Coupons, there will be paid to the relevant Issuer on demand the amount payable by the 
relevant Issuer in respect of such Notes, Certificates, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the relevant 
Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Certificates, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued.
12
Further Issues
The relevant Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, but subject 
to any Supervisory Permission required (if required), create and issue further notes having the same terms and 
conditions as the Notes or the same in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest

--- Page 148 ---
141
thereon) and so that such further notes shall be consolidated and form a single series with such Notes, and 
references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly. Any further securities forming a single 
series with the outstanding securities of any series (including the Notes) constituted by the Trust Deed or any 
deed supplemental to it shall, and any other securities may (with the consent of the Trustee), be constituted by 
a deed supplemental to the Trust Deed. The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening a single meeting of 
the Noteholders and the holders of securities of other series where the Trustee so decides.
13
Notices
Notices required to be given to the holders of Registered Notes pursuant to the Conditions shall be mailed to 
them at their respective addresses in the Register and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being 
a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing. Notices required to be given to the holders 
of Bearer Notes pursuant to the Conditions shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper of general circulation 
in London and Dublin or, if in the opinion of the Trustee, such publication is not practicable, in another leading 
daily English language newspaper of general circulation in Europe approved by the Trustee. It is expected that 
such publication will be made in the Financial Times in London and in The Irish Times in Dublin. So long as 
the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading, the relevant Issuer shall ensure that notices required to be given 
to the holders of the Notes pursuant to the Conditions shall also be published (if such publication is required) 
in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on 
which the Notes are listed/and or admitted to trading. Notices, will, if published more than once, be deemed to 
have been given on the date of the first publication as provided above.
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders 
of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition.
14
Rights of Third Parties
In the case of English law Notes, no person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes 
under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.
15
Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Acknowledgement of Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers
(a)
Governing Law
The Trust Deed, the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with (i) in the case 
of an English Law Note, English law (except that Conditions 3 and 15(c) and provisions of the Trust 
Deed relating to postponement of the claims of Noteholders and Couponholders on a Winding-Up shall 
be construed in accordance with the laws of Ireland) or (ii) in the case of an Irish Law Note, the laws of 
Ireland.
(b)
Jurisdiction
(i)
In the case of English Law Notes, the Courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any 
disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, any such Notes, Coupons 
or Talons and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with 
any such Notes, Coupons or Talons or the Trust Deed (“Proceedings”) may be brought in such 
courts. The relevant Issuer irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the courts of England and 
waives any objection to Proceedings in such courts on the ground of venue or on the ground that 
the Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. This submission is made for the 
benefit of each of the holders of such Notes, Coupons and Talons and, to the extent permitted by 
law, shall not affect the right of any of them to take Proceedings in any other court of competent

--- Page 149 ---
142
jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking 
of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not).
(ii)
In the case of Irish Law Notes, the Courts of Ireland are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes 
which may arise out of or in connection with any such Notes, Coupons or Talons or the Trust 
Deed and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with any 
such Notes, Coupons or Talons or the Trust Deed (“Proceedings”) may be brought in such courts. 
The relevant Issuer irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the courts of Ireland and waives any 
objection to Proceedings in such courts on the ground of venue or on the ground that the 
Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. This submission is made for the benefit 
of each of the holders of such Notes, Coupons and Talons and, to the extent permitted by law, 
shall not affect the right of any of them to take Proceedings in any other court of competent 
jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking 
of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not).
(c)
Acknowledgement of Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers
Notwithstanding, and to the exclusion of, any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between the relevant Issuer and the Trustee or any Noteholder or 
Couponholder, the Trustee and, by its acquisition of any Note or Coupon (or any interest therein), each 
Noteholder and Couponholder (which for the purposes of this Condition, includes each holder of a 
beneficial interest in the Notes and/or the Coupons) acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising 
under the Notes or Coupons may be subject to the exercise of Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
by the Relevant Resolution Authority and acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound 
by:
(i)
the effect of the exercise of any Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, which exercise (without limitation) may include and result in any of the 
following, or a combination thereof:
(A)
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes and/or 
Coupons;
(B)
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes and/or 
Coupons into shares, other securities or other obligations of the relevant Issuer or another 
person, and the issue to or conferral on the Noteholder or Couponholder of such shares, 
securities or obligations, including by means of an amendment, modification or variation 
of the terms of the Notes and/or Coupons;
(C)
the cancellation of the Notes and/or Coupons or the Relevant Amounts in respect thereof; 
and
(D)
the amendment or alteration of the Maturity Date of the Notes or amendment of the 
amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which interest becomes payable, 
including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and
(ii)
the variation of the terms of the Notes and/or Coupons as deemed necessary by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
by the Relevant Resolution Authority.
No repayment or payment of Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes will become due and payable or 
be paid after the exercise of any Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution

--- Page 150 ---
143
Authority if and to the extent such amounts have been reduced, converted, cancelled, amended or altered 
as a result of such exercise.
Neither a reduction or cancellation, in part or in full, of the Relevant Amounts, the conversion thereof 
into another security or obligation of the relevant Issuer or another person, as a result of the exercise of 
the Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the 
relevant Issuer, nor the exercise of the Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes and/or Coupons will be an event of default.
Upon the exercise of the Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority 
with respect to the Notes and/or Coupons, the relevant Issuer will (i) provide a written notice to the 
Noteholders and Couponholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as practicable regarding such 
exercise of the Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers; and (ii) deliver a copy of such notice to the 
Trustee for information purposes; provided, however, any delay or failure by the relevant Issuer to give 
such notice will not affect the effectiveness of, or otherwise invalidate, any exercise of the Irish Statutory 
Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority pursuant to Condition 15(c) or give 
Noteholders any rights as a result of either such failure.
(d)
Service of Process
The relevant Issuer agrees that the process by which any proceedings in England are begun may be 
served on it by being delivered to Allied Irish Banks, p.l.c., London Branch at St. Helen’s, 1 Undershaft, 
London EC3A 8AB (Head of Branch). If for any reason service of process cannot be made in accordance 
with the above, the relevant Issuer must immediately appoint an agent for service of process and notify 
the Noteholders of such appointment. The relevant Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify 
it of any process will not invalidate the relevant proceedings. This Condition 15(d) does not affect any 
other method of service allowed by law.
16
Definitions
Capitalised terms not defined in these Terms and Conditions will have the meaning given to them in the relevant 
Final Terms.
In these Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings:
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or (b) a formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:
(i)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such 
recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate)
(ii)
the relevant Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines is customarily 
applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt 
capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference 
Rate; or (if the relevant Issuer determines that no such spread is customarily applied)
(iii)
in the case of an Alternative Rate, is in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets 
for transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Alternative Rate;
(iv)
if no such recommendation or option or replacement has been made (or made available), or the relevant 
Issuer determines there is no such spread, formula or methodology in customary market usage, the

--- Page 151 ---
144
relevant Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines and is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which 
reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or
(v)
if the relevant Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged, the 
relevant Issuer, in its discretion, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate;
“Agency Agreement” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions;
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the relevant Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines in accordance with Condition 4(i)(ii) is customarily 
applied in international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining Rates of Interest (or 
the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes;
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated in the 
Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, the Designated Maturity;
“Applicable Regulatory Capital Requirements” means, at any time, any requirement contained in the laws, 
regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies of the Relevant Regulator (whether or not having the force 
of law), Ireland or of the European Parliament and Council then in effect relating to capital adequacy and 
prudential (including resolution) supervision and applicable to the relevant Issuer and/or, as applicable, the 
Group;
“Authorised Signatory” means any director or any other officer of the relevant Issuer who has been authorised 
by the relevant Issuer to sign the certificates and other documents required or contemplated under these 
Conditions, the Trust Deed and any other transaction document in relation to the Notes on behalf of, and so as 
to bind, the relevant Issuer;
“Bearer Notes” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1;
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in the provision Condition 4(i)(iv);
“Benchmark Duration” means the duration specified as such hereon;
“Benchmark Event” means:
(i)
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five Business Days or ceasing 
to exist; or
(ii)
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased or that it will 
cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference 
Rate); or
(iii)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or
(iv)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a consequence 
of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect 
of the Notes; or

--- Page 152 ---
145
(v)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that the Original Reference Rate will be (or will be deemed by such supervisor to be) no longer 
representative of its relevant underlying market; or
(vi)
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the relevant Issuer to calculate 
any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate,
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-paragraphs (ii) and (iii) 
above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate or the discontinuation of the 
Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, (b) in the case of sub-paragraph (iv) above, on the date of the 
prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate, and (c) in the case of sub-paragraph (v) above, on the date 
with effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant 
supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying market and which is specified in the relevant 
public statement, and in each case, not the date of the relevant public statement;
“Business Day” means:
(i)
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial centre for such currency; 
and/or
(ii)
in the case of euro, a TARGET Business Day; and/or
(iii)
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres, a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the 
Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres;
“Calculation Agent” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions;
“Capital Disqualification Event” is deemed to occur if the relevant Issuer, after consultation with the Relevant 
Regulator, determines that there has been a change (which has occurred or which the Relevant Regulator 
considers to be sufficiently certain) in the regulatory classification of the Notes, in any such case becoming 
effective on or after the Issue Date of the last Tranche of Notes, that results, or would be likely to result, in the 
entire principal amount of such Series of Notes (or if “Capital Disqualification Event for partial exclusion” is 
specified hereon to be applicable, the entire principal amount of such Series of Notes or any part thereof) being 
excluded from or ceasing to count towards the relevant Issuer’s Tier 2 Capital, whether on a solo or consolidated 
basis and for the avoidance of doubt, any amortisation of such Notes pursuant to Article 64 of the CRD 
Regulation, as it stands on the Issue Date of the last Tranche of Notes, shall not comprise a Capital 
Disqualification Event;
“Certificates” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1;
“Clean-up Call Minimum Percentage” means 75 per cent. or such other higher percentage specified hereon;
“Code” means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986;
“Conditions” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions;
“Couponholders” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions;
“Coupons” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions;
“CRD Regulation” means the Regulation (EU No. 575/2013) of the European Parliament and of the Council 
on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013, as amended or 
replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, by Regulation (EU) 2019/876);

--- Page 153 ---
146
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any period 
of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not constituting 
an Interest Period, the “Calculation Period”):
(i)
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual – ISDA” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the 
sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365);
(ii)
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 365;
(iii)
if “Actual/365 (Sterling) is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366;
(iv)
if “Actual/360” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360;
(v)
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =
[360×(𝑌2− 𝑌1)]+[30×(𝑀2− 𝑀1)]+(𝐷2− 𝐷1)
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 
30;
(vi)
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =
[360×(𝑌2− 𝑌1)]+[30×(𝑀2− 𝑀1)]+(𝐷2− 𝐷1)
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 154 ---
147
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30;
(vii)
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =
[360×(𝑌2− 𝑌1)]+[30×(𝑀2− 𝑀1)]+(𝐷2− 𝐷1)
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the 
last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such 
number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and
(viii)
if “Actual/Actual – ICMA” is specified hereon, (a) if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than 
the Determination Period during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year; and (b) if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination 
Period, the sum of: (x) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and 
(2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and (y) the number of days in 
such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in 
any year where:
“Determination Date” means each date specified hereon or, if none is so specified, each Interest Payment 
Date; and
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year to but 
excluding the next Determination Date;
“EEA regulated market” means a market as defined by Article 4.1(21) of Directive 2014/65/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments, as amended;
“English Law Note” means any Note where “English Law Note” is specified hereon as being applicable;

--- Page 155 ---
148
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of Member States of the European Union that adopt the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended;
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given to it in the Trust Deed;
“First Margin” means the margin specified hereon;
“First Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the First Resettable Note Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the Second Resettable Note Reset Date or, if no such Second Resettable Note Reset Date is 
specified hereon, the Maturity Date;
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means, subject to Condition 4(b)(ii), the rate of interest determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date corresponding to the First Reset Period as 
the sum of the relevant Reset Rate plus the First Margin (with such sum converted (if necessary) from a 
basis equivalent to the Benchmark Duration to a basis equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled 
interest payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (such calculation to be made 
by the Calculation Agent));
“First Resettable Note Reset Date” means the date specified hereon;
“Group” means the relevant Issuer together with each entity within the prudential consolidation of the 
relevant Issuer (as that term or its successor is used in the Applicable Regulatory Capital Requirements);
“holder” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1;
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by and at the expense of the relevant 
Issuer under Condition 4(i)(i);
“Initial Rate of Interest” means the initial rate of interest per annum specified hereon;
“Interest Amount” means:
(i)
in respect of an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that 
Interest Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, and unless otherwise specified hereon, 
shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified hereon as being payable on 
the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest Period forms part; 
and
(ii)
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that 
period;
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified hereon;
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Period, the date 
specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified:
(i)
unless the Reference Rate in respect of the Notes is specified hereon as being “SONIA” or 
“SOFR”:
(A)
the first day of such Interest Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling;
(B)
the day falling two Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first 
day of such Interest Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro; or
(C)
the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period 
if the Specified Currency is euro;

--- Page 156 ---
149
(ii)
if the Reference Rate in respect of the Notes is specified hereon as being “SONIA”, the date 
which is “p” London Business Days prior to each Interest Payment Date; and
(iii)
if the Reference Rate in respect of the Notes is specified hereon as being “SOFR”, the date which 
is “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to each Interest Payment Date;
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date unless otherwise specified hereon;
“Irish Law Note” means any Note where “Irish Law Note” is specified hereon as being applicable;
“Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers” means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, 
suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance 
with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in Ireland, relating to (i) Directive 
2014/59/EU (“BRRD”) and/or Irish legislation transposing BRRD into Irish law, in each case as 
amended or replaced from time to time and (ii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, 
pursuant to which any obligation of the relevant Issuer (or any affiliate of the relevant Issuer) can be 
reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities or other obligations of the 
relevant Issuer or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period);
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2021 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., unless otherwise specified hereon;
“Issue Date” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions;
“Issuing and Paying Agent” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions;
“Loss Absorption Disqualification Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if, as a result of any 
amendment to, or change in, any Loss Absorption Regulations, or any change in the application or 
official interpretation of any Loss Absorption Regulations, in any such case becoming effective on or 
after the Issue Date of the last Tranche of the Notes, the Notes are or (in the opinion of the relevant Issuer 
or the Relevant Regulator) are likely to become fully (or, if “Loss Absorption Disqualification Event for 
partial exclusion” is specified hereon Note as being applicable, fully or partially) excluded from or 
ceasing to count towards the relevant Issuer’s and/or the Regulatory Group’s minimum requirements for 
(A) own funds and eligible liabilities and/or (B) loss absorbing capacity instruments, in each case as 
such minimum requirements are applicable to the relevant Issuer and/or the Regulatory Group and 
determined in accordance with, and pursuant to, the relevant Loss Absorption Regulations; provided that 
a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event shall not occur where the exclusion of the Notes from the 
relevant minimum requirement(s) is due to the remaining maturity of the Notes being less than any 
period prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria for such minimum requirements under the relevant 
Loss Absorption Regulations effective with respect to the relevant Issuer and/or the Regulatory Group 
on the Issue Date of the last Tranche of the Notes;
“Loss Absorption Regulations” means, at any time, any requirement contained in the laws, regulations, 
requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds 
and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments of Ireland, the Relevant Regulator 
and/or of the European Parliament or of the Council of the European Union then in effect in Ireland and 
applicable to the relevant Issuer and/or the Regulatory Group including, without limitation to the 
generality of the foregoing, any delegated or implementing acts (such as regulatory technical standards) 
adopted by the European Commission and any regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards 
and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss

--- Page 157 ---
150
absorbing capacity instruments adopted by the Relevant Regulator from time to time (whether such 
regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards or policies are applied generally or specifically to 
the relevant Issuer or to the Regulatory Group);
“Mid-Market Swap Rate” means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for the fixed 
leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the Fixed Leg Swap Duration specified hereon during the 
relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the 
Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap 
transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period 
and commencing on the relevant Resettable Note Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative 
for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good 
credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark 
Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified hereon) (calculated on the day count basis customary for 
floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent);
“Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation” means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for 
the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate;
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” means, where the Specified Currency is euro, EURIBOR;
“Mid-Swap Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 4(b)(ii) 
below, either:
(i)
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified hereon, the rate for swaps in the Specified Currency:
(A)
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and
(B)
commencing on the relevant Resettable Note Reset Date,
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or
(ii)
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified hereon, the arithmetic mean (expressed as a percentage rate 
per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being 
rounded upwards) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations for swaps in the Specified 
Currency:
(A)
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and
(B)
commencing on the relevant Resettable Note Reset Date,
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page,
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency 
on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent;
“Noteholder” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1;
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used 
to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes;
“Paying Agents” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions;
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note and that is 
either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions hereon;
“Rating Agency” means each of S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Moody’s Investors Service 
Limited or Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and each of their respective affiliates or successors;

--- Page 158 ---
151
“Record Date” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(b)(ii);
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office 
of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, selected by the relevant Issuer in consultation 
with the Calculation Agent or as specified hereon;
“Reference Bond” means for any Reset Period, a government security or securities issued by the state 
responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is euro, shall be 
Germany) selected by the relevant Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute as 
having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the relevant Reset Period that would be 
utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new 
issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes and of a comparable 
maturity to the relevant Reset Period;
“Reference Bond Price” means, with respect to any Reset Determination Date, (A) the arithmetic average 
of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such Reset Determination Date, after 
excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (B) if the 
Calculation Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, the 
arithmetic average of all such quotations. If no quotations are provided, the Reference Rate will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion following consultation with the relevant Issuer;
“Reference Bond Rate” means the annual yield to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the 
relevant day count basis) of the relevant Reference Bond, assuming a price for such Reference Bond 
(expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the relevant Reference Bond Price, as 
calculated by the Calculation Agent;
“Reference Government Bond Dealer” means each of five banks (selected by the relevant Issuer on the 
advice of an investment bank of international repute), or their affiliates, which are (A) primary 
government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (B) market makers in pricing corporate 
bond issues;
“Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each Reference Government 
Bond Dealer and the relevant Reset Determination Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the relevant Reference Bond (expressed in each case 
as a percentage of its nominal amount) at or around the Subsequent Reset Rate Time on the relevant 
Reset Determination Date quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference Government 
Bond Dealer;
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such hereon;
“Register” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1;
“Registered Notes” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1;
“Registrar” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions;
“Regulatory Group” means AIB, its subsidiary undertakings, participations, participating interests and 
any subsidiary undertakings, participations or participating interests held (directly or indirectly) by any 
of its subsidiary undertakings from time to time and any other undertakings from time to time 
consolidated with AIB for regulatory or resolution purposes, in each case in accordance with the rules 
and guidance of the Relevant Regulator then in effect;
“Relevant Amounts” means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with any accrued 
but unpaid interest and additional amounts and any other amounts due on or in respect of the Notes.

--- Page 159 ---
152
References to such amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have 
not been paid, prior to the exercise of any Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority;
“Relevant Date” in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date on which payment in respect thereof 
first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on 
which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date on which notice is duly 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 that, upon further presentation of the Note (or 
relative Certificate) or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be 
made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation;
“Relevant Fallback Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified hereon (or any successor or replacement page, section, caption, 
column or other part of a particular information service);
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):
(i)
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or
(ii)
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board 
or any part thereof;
“Relevant Regulator” means the European Central Bank and/or such successor or other authority having 
for the time being primary supervisory authority and/or responsibility with regards to prudential, conduct 
and/or resolution matters in respect of the relevant Issuer and/or its Group and/or its Regulatory Group 
(being, as at the Issue Date, the Single Resolution Board), as may be relevant in the context and 
circumstances;
“Relevant Resolution Authority” means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any Irish 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the relevant Issuer (being, as at the Issue Date, the Single 
Resolution Board);
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified hereon (or any successor or replacement page, section, caption, 
column or other part of a particular information service);
“Reset Determination Date” means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business Day prior 
to the First Resettable Note Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second 
Business Day prior to the Second Resettable Note Reset Date and, in respect of each Reset Period 
thereafter, the second Business Day prior to the first day of each such Reset Period;
“Reset Period” means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period;
“Reset Rate” means (a) the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as specified hereon or (b) if “Reference Bond” is 
specified hereon, the relevant Reference Bond Rate;
“Resettable Note Reset Date” means the First Resettable Note Reset Date, the Second Resettable Note 
Reset Date and every Subsequent Resettable Note Reset Date as may be specified hereon;

--- Page 160 ---
153
“Second Resettable Note Reset Date” means the date specified hereon;
“Senior Creditors” means (a) unsubordinated creditors of the relevant Issuer and (b) creditors of the 
relevant Issuer whose claims are, or are expressed to be, subordinated to the claims of other creditors of 
the relevant Issuer (other than those whose claims are in respect of obligations which constitute, or would 
but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital, constitute, Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital 
or whose claims rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with, or junior to, the claims of holders in 
respect of the Notes);
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such hereon or, if none is specified, the currency 
in which the Notes are denominated;
“Subsequent Margin” means the margin(s) specified hereon;
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the Second Resettable Note Reset 
Date to (but excluding) the next Resettable Note Reset Date, and each successive period from (and 
including) a Resettable Note Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Resettable Note Reset 
Date;
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and subject to 
Condition 4(b)(ii), the rate of interest being determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date corresponding to such Subsequent Reset Period as the sum of the relevant Reset 
Rate plus the applicable Subsequent Margin (with such sum converted (if necessary) from a basis 
equivalent to the Benchmark Duration to a basis equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled 
interest payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (such calculation to be made 
by the Calculation Agent));
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body;
“Supervisory Permission” means, in relation to any action, such notice, supervisory permission (and/or, 
as appropriate, consent, approval or waiver) as is required therefor under the Applicable Regulatory 
Capital Requirements (if any);
“Talons” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions;
“TARGET Business Day” means a day on which T2 is open for settlement of payments in euro;
“Tax Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(b);
“Tier 1 Capital” and “Tier 2 Capital” have the respective meanings given in the Applicable Regulatory 
Capital Requirements from time to time;
“Tier 2 Compliant Notes” means securities that comply with the following (which compliance has been 
certified to the Trustee in a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the relevant Issuer and 
delivered to the Trustee prior to the relevant substitution or variation):
(A)
are issued by the relevant Issuer;
(B)
rank at least equally with the ranking of the relevant Notes;
(C)
have terms not materially less favourable to Noteholders than the terms of the relevant Notes (as 
reasonably determined by the relevant Issuer in consultation with an independent adviser of 
recognised standing);

--- Page 161 ---
154
(D)
(without prejudice to (C) above) (1) contain terms such that they comply with (i) the Applicable 
Regulatory Capital Requirements in relation to Tier 2 Capital and (ii) if Loss Absorption 
Disqualification Event is specified as being applicable hereon) the Loss Absorption Regulations 
in relation to the relevant Issuer’s and/or its Regulatory Group’s minimum requirement for own 
funds and eligible liabilities; (2) bear the same rate of interest from time to time applying to the 
relevant Notes and preserve the same Interest Payment Dates; (3) do not contain terms providing 
for mandatory deferral of payments of interest and/or principal; (4) preserve the obligations 
(including the obligations arising from the exercise of any right) of the relevant Issuer as to 
redemption of the relevant Notes, including (without limitation) as to timing of, and amounts 
payable upon, such redemption; (5) do not contain terms providing for loss absorption through 
principal write-down or conversion to ordinary shares (but without prejudice to any 
acknowledgement of statutory resolution powers substantially similar to Condition 15(c)); and 
(6) preserve any existing rights to any accrued and unpaid interest and any other amounts payable 
under the relevant Notes which has accrued to Noteholders and not been paid;
(E)
are listed on the same stock exchange or market as the relevant Notes or the regulated market of 
the London Stock Exchange or an EEA regulated market selected by the relevant Issuer and 
approved in writing by the Trustee; and
(F)
where the relevant Notes which have been substituted or varied had a published rating solicited 
by the relevant Issuer from one or more Rating Agencies immediately prior to their substitution 
or variation, benefit from (or will, as announced by each such Rating Agency, benefit from) an 
equal or higher published rating from each such Rating Agency as that which applied to the 
relevant Notes;
“Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects;
“Transfer Agents” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions;
“Trust Deed” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions;
“Trustee” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions;
“T2” means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor system; 
and
“Winding-Up” means:
(i)
an order is made, or an effective resolution is passed, for the winding-up of the relevant Issuer 
(except, in any such case, a winding-up solely for the purpose of, and followed by, a 
reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation, the terms of which have 
previously been approved in writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution and do not 
provide that the Notes thereby become redeemable or repayable in accordance with these 
Conditions); or
(ii)
liquidation or dissolution of the relevant Issuer or any procedure similar to that described in 
paragraph (i) above.

--- Page 162 ---
155
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM
1
Initial Issue of Notes
If the Global Notes or the Global Certificates are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in new global 
note (“NGN”) form or to be held under the new safekeeping structure (the “NSS”) (as the case may be), the 
Global Notes or the Global Certificates will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to 
the common safekeeper appointed by Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking, SA
(“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) in respect of such notes (the “Common Safekeeper”). Depositing the Global 
Notes or the Global Certificates with the Common Safekeeper does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.
Global Notes which are not issued in NGN form (each a “CGN” and together, the “CGNs”) and Global 
Certificates which are not held under the NSS may be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the 
Tranche to a common depositary (the “Common Depositary”) for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.
If the Global Note is a CGN, upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with the Common Depositary, or 
registration of the Registered Notes in the name of any nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and delivery of the relative Global Certificate to the Common Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will credit each subscriber with a principal amount of Notes equal to the principal amount thereof 
for which it has subscribed and paid. If the Global Note is an NGN, the nominal amount of the Notes shall be 
the aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
records of such clearing system shall be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount of Notes represented by 
the Global Note and a statement issued by such clearing system at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the 
records of the relevant clearing system at that time.
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary may also be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect 
accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, Notes 
that are initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing systems.
2
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other permitted 
clearing system (the “Alternative Clearing System”) as the holder of a Note represented by a Global Note or a 
Global Certificate must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any such Alternative Clearing 
System (as the case may be) for their share of each payment made by the relevant Issuer to the bearer of such 
Global Note or the holder of the underlying Registered Notes, as the case may be, and in relation to all other 
rights arising under the Global Notes or Global Certificates, subject to and in accordance with the respective 
rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such Alternative Clearing System (as the case 
may be). Such persons shall have no claim directly against the relevant Issuer in respect of payments due on 
the Notes for so long as the Notes are represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate and such obligations 
of the relevant Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the 
underlying Registered Notes, as the case may be, in respect of each amount so paid.

--- Page 163 ---
156
3
Exchange
3.1
Temporary Global Notes
Each temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange 
Date:
(i)
if the relevant Final Terms indicate that such Global Note is issued in compliance with the C 
Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable, in whole, but not in part, for the 
Definitive Notes defined and described below; and
(ii)
otherwise, in whole or in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form 
set out in the Agency Agreement for interests in a permanent Global Note or, if so provided in 
the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes.
3.2
Permanent Global Notes
Each permanent Global Note is exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange Date 
in whole but not, except as provided under paragraph 3.4 below, in part for Definitive Notes if the 
permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative 
Clearing System and any such clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days 
(other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease 
business or in fact does so.
In the event that a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Definitive Notes shall be issued 
in Specified Denomination(s) only. A Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination will not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding and would need to 
purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one or more Specified 
Denominations.
3.3
Permanent Global Certificates
If the Final Terms state that the Notes are to be represented by a permanent Global Certificate on issue, 
the following will apply in respect of transfers of Notes held in Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or an Alternative Clearing System. These provisions will not prevent the trading of interests in the Notes 
within a clearing system whilst they are held on behalf of such clearing system, but will limit the 
circumstances in which the Notes may be withdrawn from the relevant clearing system.
Transfers of the holding of Notes represented by any Global Certificate pursuant to Condition 2(b) may 
only be made in part:
(i)
if the relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other 
than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to 
cease business or does in fact do so; or
(ii)
with the consent of the relevant Issuer,
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to paragraph 3.3(i) above, the 
Registered Holder has given the Registrar not less than 30 days’ notice at its specified office of the 
Registered Holder’s intention to effect such transfer.

--- Page 164 ---
157
3.4
Delivery of Notes
If the Global Note is a CGN, on or after any Exchange Date (as defined below) the holder of a Global 
Note may surrender such Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to 
or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent. In exchange for any Global Note, or the part thereof to 
be exchanged, the relevant Issuer will (i) in the case of a temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
permanent Global Note, deliver, or procure the delivery of, a permanent Global Note in an aggregate 
nominal amount equal to that of the whole or that part of a temporary Global Note that is being 
exchanged or, in the case of a subsequent exchange, endorse, or procure the endorsement of, a permanent 
Global Note to reflect such exchange or (ii) in the case of a Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes, deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and 
authenticated Definitive Notes or if the Global Note is an NGN, the relevant Issuer will procure that 
details of such exchange be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system. 
“Definitive Notes” means, in relation to any Global Note, the definitive Bearer Notes for which such 
Global Note may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons in respect of interest 
which have not already been paid on the Global Note and a Talon). Definitive Notes will be security 
printed in accordance with any applicable legal and stock exchange requirements in or substantially in 
the form set out in Part A of Schedule 2 to the Trust Deed. On exchange in full of each permanent Global 
Note, the relevant Issuer will, if the holder so requests, procure that it is cancelled and returned to the 
holder together with the relevant Definitive Notes.
3.5
Exchange Date
“Exchange Date” in relation to a temporary Global Note, the day falling after the expiry of 40 days after 
its issue date and, in relation to a permanent Global Note, a day falling not less than 60 days after that 
on which the notice requiring exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the city in 
which the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent is located and in the city in which the relevant 
clearing system is located.
4
Amendment to Conditions
The temporary Global Notes, permanent Global Notes and Global Certificates contain provisions that apply to 
the Notes that they represent, some of which modify the effect of the terms and conditions of the Notes set out 
in this Base Prospectus. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions:
4.1
Payments
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global Note unless exchange for 
an interest in a permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments on any temporary Global Note issued in compliance with the D Rules before the Exchange 
Date will only be made against presentation of certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the 
form set out in the Agency Agreement. All payments in respect of CGNs represented by a Global Note 
will be made against presentation for endorsement and, if no further payment falls to be made in respect 
of the Notes, surrender of that Global Note to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent or such 
other Paying Agent as shall have been notified to the Noteholders for such purpose. If the Global Note 
is a CGN, a record of each payment so made will be endorsed in the appropriate schedule to each Global 
Note, which endorsement will be prima facie evidence that such payment has been made in respect of 
the Notes. If the Global Note is an NGN or if the Global Certificate is held under the NSS, the relevant

--- Page 165 ---
158
Issuer shall procure that details of each such payment shall be entered pro rata in the records of the 
relevant clearing system and in the case of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes 
recorded in the records of the relevant clearing system and represented by the Global Note or the Global 
Certificate will be reduced accordingly. Payments under an NGN will be made to its holder. Each 
payment so made will discharge the relevant Issuer’s obligations in respect thereof. Any failure to make 
the entries in the records of the relevant clearing system shall not affect such discharge. For the purpose 
of any payments made in respect of a Global Note, the relevant place of presentation shall be disregarded 
in the definition of “business day” set out in Condition 6(h) of the Senior Notes, Senior Preferred Notes 
and Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Condition 6(h) of the Subordinated Notes.
All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Certificate will be made to, or to the order of, 
the person whose name is entered on the Register at the close of business on the record date which shall 
be on the Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to the date for payment, where Clearing 
System Business Day means Monday to Friday inclusive except 25 December and 1 January.
So long as the Notes are represented by a Global Note or Global Certificate and the Global Note or 
Global Certificate is held on behalf of a clearing system, each Issuer has undertaken, inter alia, to pay 
interest in respect of such Notes from the Interest Commencement Date in arrear at the rates, on the dates 
for payment, and in accordance with the method of calculation provided for in the Conditions, save that 
the calculation is made in respect of the total aggregate amount of the Notes represented by the Global 
Note or Global Certificate.
4.2
Prescription
Claims against the relevant Issuer in respect of Notes which are represented by a permanent Global Note 
will become void unless it is presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) 
and five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 16).
4.3
Meetings
The holder of a permanent Global Note or of the Notes represented by a Global Certificate shall (unless 
such permanent Global Note or Global Certificate represents only one Note) be treated as being two 
persons for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of Noteholders and, at any such 
meeting, the holder of a permanent Global Note shall be treated as having one vote in respect of each 
integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of Notes for which such Global Note may be exchanged. 
(All holders of Registered Notes are entitled to one vote in respect of each integral currency unit of the 
Specified Currency of the Notes comprising such Noteholder’s holding, whether or not represented by 
a Global Certificate.)
4.4
Cancellation
Cancellation of any Note represented by a permanent Global Note that is required by the Conditions to 
be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the principal amount of 
the relevant permanent Global Note.
4.5
Purchase
Notes represented by a permanent Global Note may only be purchased by the relevant Issuer or any of 
its subsidiaries if they are purchased together with the rights to receive all future payments of interest 
thereon.

--- Page 166 ---
159
4.6
Issuer’s Option
Any option of the relevant Issuer provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a permanent Global Note shall be exercised by the relevant Issuer giving notice to the 
Noteholders within the time limits set out in and containing the information required by the Conditions, 
except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of Notes drawn in the case of a 
partial exercise of an option and accordingly no drawing of Notes will be required. In the event that any 
option of the relevant Issuer is exercised in respect of some but not all of the Notes of any series, the 
rights of accountholders with a clearing system in respect of the Notes will be governed by the standard 
procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their 
discretion) or any other Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be).
4.7
Noteholders’ Option
Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a permanent Global Note may be exercised by the holder of the permanent Global Note 
giving notice to the Issuing and Paying Agent within the time limits relating to the deposit of Notes with 
a Paying Agent set out in the Conditions substantially in the form of the notice available from any Paying 
Agent, except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of the Notes in respect 
of which the option has been exercised, stating the nominal amount of Notes in respect of which the 
option is exercised and at the same time, where the permanent Global Note is a CGN, presenting such 
permanent Global Note to the Issuing and Paying Agent, or to a Paying Agent acting on behalf of the 
Fiscal Agent, for notation. Where the Global Note is an NGN or where the Global Certificate is held 
under the NSS, the relevant Issuer shall procure that details of such exercise shall be entered pro rata in 
the records of the relevant clearing system and the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in those records 
will be reduced accordingly.
4.8
NGN Nominal Amount
Where the Global Note is an NGN, the relevant Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, 
cancellation, exercise of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, in addition to the 
circumstances set out above shall be entered in the records of the relevant clearing systems and upon 
any such entry being made, in respect of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes 
represented by such Global Note shall be adjusted accordingly.
4.9
Trustee’s Powers
In considering the interests of Noteholders while any Global Note is held on behalf of, or Registered 
Notes are registered in the name of any nominee for, a clearing system, the Trustee may have regard to 
any information provided to it by such clearing system or its operator as to the identity (either 
individually or by category) of its accountholders with entitlements to such Global Note or Registered 
Notes and may consider such interests as if such accountholders were the holders of the Notes 
represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate.
4.10
Notices
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note and such Global Note is held on behalf of a 
clearing system, notices to the holders of Notes of that Series may be given by delivery of the relevant 
notice to that clearing system for communication by it to entitled accountholders in substitution for

--- Page 167 ---
160
publication as required by the Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to the holder of the Global 
Note.
5
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution
While any Global Note is held on behalf of, or any Global Certificate is registered in the name of any nominee 
for, a clearing system, then: 
(a)
approval of a resolution proposed by the relevant Issuer given by way of electronic consents 
communicated through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in 
accordance with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 
per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding (an “Electronic Consent” as defined in the Trust 
Deed) shall, for all purposes (including matters that would otherwise require an Extraordinary 
Resolution to be passed at a meeting for which the Special Quorum was satisfied), take effect as an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, and shall be 
binding on all Noteholders and holders of Coupons and Talons whether or not they participated in such 
Electronic Consent; and 
(b)
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written 
Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) has been validly passed, the relevant Issuer shall be entitled to 
rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the relevant Issuer by (a) accountholders in 
the clearing system with entitlements to such Global Note or Global Certificate and/or, where (b) the 
accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent from or written 
instruction by the person identified by that accountholder as the person for whom such entitlement is 
held. For the purpose of establishing the entitlement to give any such consent or instruction, the relevant 
Issuer shall be entitled to rely on any certificate or other document issued by, in the case of (a) above, 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant alternative clearing system (the “relevant 
clearing system”) and, in the case of (b) above, the relevant clearing system and the accountholder 
identified by the relevant clearing system for the purposes of (b) above. Any resolution passed in such 
manner shall be binding on all Noteholders and Couponholders, even if the relevant consent or 
instruction proves to be defective. Any such certificate or other document may comprise any form of 
statement or print out of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system (including 
Euroclear’s EUCLID/Easyway or Clearstream, Luxembourg’s Xact Web Portal system) in accordance 
with its usual procedures and in which the accountholder of a particular principal or nominal amount of 
the Notes is clearly identified together with the amount of such holding. The relevant Issuer shall not be 
liable to any person by reason of having accepted as valid or not having rejected any certificate or other 
document to such effect purporting to be issued by any such person and subsequently found to be forged 
or not authentic.

--- Page 168 ---
161
USE OF PROCEEDS
An amount equal to the net proceeds from the issue of any Tranche of Notes will be applied by the relevant 
Issuer for the general funding purposes of the relevant Issuer. If in respect of a particular Tranche of Notes, 
there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms. The relevant 
Issuer may, in particular, issue Notes as Green Bonds or Social Bonds (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) and in the case of such Notes, an amount equal to the net proceeds from the issue of any Tranche of 
Notes will (subject as set out below) be allocated to an Eligible Green Loan Portfolio or Eligible Social Loan 
Portfolio (each an “Eligible Loan Portfolio”), as applicable, (as defined in either “Green Bond Framework 
Overview” or “Social Bond Framework Overview”) below and selected in accordance with the criteria set out 
in “Green Bond Framework Overview—Use of Proceeds” and “—Process for Project Evaluation and Selection” 
in the case of Green Bonds and “Social Bond Framework Overview—Use of Proceeds” and “—Process for 
Project Evaluation and Selection” in the case of Social Bonds).
Whilst any portion of an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Tranche of Green Bonds or Social Bonds 
remains unallocated, the Group will hold and/or invest, at its own discretion, in its treasury liquidity portfolio, 
in cash or other liquid instruments, the balance of an amount equal to the net proceeds not yet allocated to the 
relevant Eligible Loan Portfolio.

--- Page 169 ---
162
GREEN BOND FRAMEWORK OVERVIEW
As a bank, the Group has a meaningful contribution to make in addressing many pressing current and emerging 
societal issues, and a strategic priority for the Group is to lead Ireland’s response to climate change. Aligned 
with this strategy, the Group established a Green Bond framework in 2019 (the “Green Bond Framework”). 
The Green Bond Framework sets out how the Group proposes to use an amount equal to the net proceeds of 
Green Bonds in a manner consistent with its sustainable values. The objective of the Green Bonds issued by the 
relevant Issuer will be to fund projects or assets that mitigate climate change by reducing emissions, protecting 
ecosystems or otherwise creating a positive environmental impact. 
The Green Bond Framework adheres to the ICMA Green Bond Principles, a set of voluntary guidelines that 
recommend transparency and disclosure and promote integrity in the market by clarifying the approach for 
issuing a green bond (the “Green Bond Principles”). 
Use of Proceeds 
AIB, at its discretion but in accordance with the Green Bond Principles,  intends to allocate an amount equal to 
the net proceeds of the Green Bonds to an eligible loan portfolio of new and existing green loans (the “Eligible 
Green Loan Portfolio”). The eligible loans are to be funded in whole or in part by an allocation of an amount 
equal to the net proceeds of the Green Bonds. 
Eligible use of proceeds categories include: 

Loans to finance or refinance new or existing environmentally-sustainable commercial buildings in 
Ireland and/or the UK;

Loans to finance or refinance new or existing environmentally-sustainable residential buildings in 
Ireland; 

Loans to finance or refinance equipment, development, manufacturing, construction, operation, 
distribution and maintenance of renewable energy generation, storage (i.e. battery storage) and energy 
transmission infrastructure in Ireland, the UK,  across the EU, and US; and

Loans to finance or refinance zero emissions (including fully electric or hydrogen) vehicles for the 
transportation of passengers and supporting infrastructure including, but not limited to, EV charging and 
hydrogen fuelling stations.
Use of proceeds categories or sub-categories may be added or removed as part of the annual framework review 
process.
Process for Project Evaluation and Selection
The Group’s Green Bond Framework is prepared by a cross functional working group of relevant business areas 
(the “ESG Bond Working Group”). The loans to be financed and/or refinanced through the proceeds of any 
Green Bond will be evaluated and selected for inclusion in the eligible pool by the Group’s employees based 
on compliance with the eligibility criteria described in “—Use of Proceeds”. The Group has also published a 
defined list of “excluded activities”, as further set out in the Green Bond Framework. 
The eligibility criteria also take into account the EU Taxonomy Regulation and the EU Taxonomy Climate 
Delegated Act on a best effort basis where there are feasible practical applications for the use of proceeds 
category in question, and where there are feasible practical applications in the geographies where the Group’s 
assets are located (in terms of local regulation).

--- Page 170 ---
163
Management of Proceeds
Treasury will be responsible for overseeing the management of proceeds and will track the Eligible Green Loan 
Portfolio using an internal tracking system.
The net proceeds from Green Bonds will be managed by the Group in a portfolio approach. The Group intends 
to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds from the Green Bonds to an Eligible Green Loan Portfolio, 
selected in accordance with the criteria set out in “—Use of Proceeds” and “—Process for Project Evaluation 
and Selection” above.
The Group will strive, over time, to achieve a level of allocation for the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio which, 
after adjustments for intervening circumstances including, but not limited to, sales and repayments, matches the 
balance of net proceeds from its outstanding Green Bonds. Additional eligible green projects will be added to 
the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio to the extent required to ensure that the net proceeds from outstanding Green 
Bonds will be allocated to eligible green projects. All redeeming financings are removed from the pool and any 
asset that no longer meets the eligibility criteria will also be removed from the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio at 
the earliest opportunity. 
Whilst any portion of an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Tranche of Green Bonds remains unallocated, 
the Group will hold and/or invest, at its own discretion, in its treasury liquidity portfolio, in cash or other liquid 
instruments, the balance of an amount equal to the net proceeds not yet allocated to the Eligible Green Loan 
Portfolio.
Reporting
The Group intends to publish a report on the allocation of proceeds to the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio as well 
as an impact report annually at least until full allocation or until maturity. The Group intends to report the 
allocation and impact of the use of proceeds to the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio at least at the category level 
and on an aggregated portfolio basis for all of the Group’s Green Bonds outstanding.
The Group intends to align, on a best effort basis, its impact reporting with the portfolio approach described in 
the ICMA “Handbook – Harmonized Framework for Impact Reporting (June 2023). 
External Review
The Group has obtained an independent second party opinion from Sustainalytics to assess the alignment of the 
framework with the ICMA Green Bond Principles 2021 (including the updated Appendix I of June 2022). In 
addition, Sustainalytics assessed the alignment of AIB’s Green Bond Framework with the EU Taxonomy 
Climate Delegated Act. The views in the Sustainalytics Second Party Opinion are intended to inform investors 
in general, and are not for a specific investor. The Sustainalytics Second Party Opinion, as well as the Green 
Bond Framework, are available at https://aib.ie/investorrelations/debt-investor/green-bonds. For the avoidance 
of doubt, the Second Party Opinion and the Green Bond Framework are not incorporated into, and do not form 
part of, this Base Prospectus. Any new categories or sub-categories added, or removed, as part of the annual 
framework review process will be subject to external review and will be included in a Second Party Opinion.
Additionally, the Group may request on an annual basis, starting one year after issuance and until maturity, a 
limited assurance report of the allocation of the Green Bond proceeds to eligible assets, provided by an external 
auditor. 
None of the Dealers shall be responsible for (i) any assessment of the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio, (ii) any 
verification of whether the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio falls within an investor’s requirements or expectations

--- Page 171 ---
164
of a “green” or “sustainable” or equivalently-labelled project or (iii) the ongoing monitoring of the use of 
proceeds in respect of any such Notes.

--- Page 172 ---
165
SOCIAL BOND FRAMEWORK OVERVIEW
The Social Bond Framework sets out how the Group proposes to use an amount equal to the net proceeds of 
Social Bonds in a manner consistent with its sustainable values. The objective of the Social Bonds issued by 
the relevant Issuer will be to fund projects or assets that provide positive societal impact and/or mitigate social 
problems. 
The Social Bond Framework adheres to the ICMA Social Bond Principles, a set of voluntary guidelines that 
recommend transparency and promote integrity in the development of the sustainable bond market by clarifying 
the approach for issuing a social bond (the “Social Bond Principles”). 
Use of Proceeds 
AIB intends to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds from Social Bonds issued by the Group to finance 
and/or refinance a loan portfolio of new and existing social loans as defined by the eligibility criteria (the 
“Eligible Social Loan Portfolio”). The eligible loans are to be funded in whole or in part by an allocation of an 
amount equal to the net proceeds of the Social Bonds.
Eligible use of proceeds categories include:

Access to healthcare, including healthcare facilities, residential care facilities and “pure-play” companies 
in healthcare;

Access to education, including education facilities, student housing and “pure-play” companies in 
education;

Social and affordable financing, including affordable housing organisations, the First Home scheme, the 
Local Authority Affordable Purchase scheme and the Mortgage to Rent Scheme;

SMEs financing, including financing SMEs in socio-economically disadvantaged areas, SMEs owned 
by women and SMEs affected by socioeconomic crises; 

Support to non-profit organisations, associations, and foundations; and

Affordable basic infrastructure, including clean drinking water, sewers, sanitation, transport and 
broadband.
Use of proceeds categories and sub-categories may be added or removed as part of the annual framework review 
process.
Process for Project Evaluation and Selection
The Group’s Social Bond Framework is prepared by the ESG Working Group. The loans to be financed and/or 
refinanced through the proceeds of any Social Bond will be evaluated and selected for inclusion in the eligible 
pool by the Group’s employees based on compliance with the eligibility criteria described in “—Use of 
Proceeds”. The Group has also published a defined list of “excluded activities”, as further set out in the Social 
Bond Framework. 
Management of Proceeds
Treasury will be responsible for overseeing the management of proceeds and will track the Eligible Social Loan 
Portfolio using an internal tracking system.

--- Page 173 ---
166
The net proceeds from the Social Bonds will be managed by the Group in a portfolio approach. The Group 
intends to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds from the Social Bonds to an Eligible Social Loan 
Portfolio, selected in accordance with the criteria set out in “—Use of Proceeds” and “—Process for Project 
Evaluation and Selection” above.
The Group will strive to achieve a level of allocation for the Eligible Social Loan Portfolio which, after 
adjustments for intervening circumstances including, but not limited to, sales and repayments, matches the 
balance of net proceeds from its outstanding Social Bonds. Additional eligible social projects will be added to 
the Eligible Social Loan Portfolio to the extent required to ensure that the net proceeds from outstanding Social 
Bonds will be allocated to eligible social projects. All redeeming financings are removed from the pool and any 
asset that no longer meets the eligibility criteria will also be removed from the pool at the earliest opportunity.
Whilst any portion of an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Tranche of Social Bonds remains unallocated, 
the Group will hold and/or invest, at its own discretion, in its treasury liquidity portfolio, in cash or other liquid 
instruments, the balance of an amount equal to the net proceeds not yet allocated to the Eligible Social Loan 
Portfolio.
Reporting
The Group intends to publish a report on the allocation of proceeds to the Eligible Social Loan Portfolio as well 
as an impact report annually at least until full allocation or until maturity. The Group intends to report the 
allocation and impact of the use of proceeds to the Eligible Social Loan Portfolio at least at the category level 
and on an aggregated portfolio basis for all of the Group’s Social Bonds outstanding.
The Group intends to align, on a best effort basis, its impact reporting with the portfolio approach described in 
the ICMA “Harmonised Framework for Impact Reporting for Social Bonds (June 2023). 
External Review
The Group has obtained an independent second party opinion from ISS ESG to assess the alignment of the 
framework with the ICMA Social Bond Principles 2021 (including the updated Appendix I of June 2022). The 
views in the ISS ESG Second Party Opinion are intended to inform investors in general, and are not for a 
specific investor. The ISS ESG Second Party Opinion, as well as the Social Bond Framework, are available at 
https://aib.ie/investorrelations/debt-investor/social-bond-framework. For the avoidance of doubt, the Second 
Party Opinion and the Social Bond Framework are not incorporated into, and do not form part of, this Base 
Prospectus. Any new categories or sub-categories added or removed as part of the annual framework review 
process will be subject to external review and will be included in a Second Party Opinion.
Additionally, the Group may request on an annual basis, starting one year after issuance and until maturity, a 
limited assurance report of the allocation of the Social Bond proceeds to eligible assets, provided by an external 
auditor. 
None of the Dealers shall be responsible for (i) any assessment of the Eligible Social Loan Portfolio, (ii) any 
verification of whether the Eligible Social Loan Portfolio falls within an investor's requirements or expectations 
of a “social” or equivalently-labelled project or (iii) the ongoing monitoring of the use of proceeds in respect of 
any such Notes.

--- Page 174 ---
167
AIB, AIB BANK AND THE GROUP
Overview 
AIB is a public limited company incorporated in Ireland on 8 December 2016 under the Companies Act 2014, 
with registration number 594283 and AIB Bank is a public limited company incorporated in Ireland on 21 
September 1966, with a registration number 24173 and was subsequently re-registered as a public limited 
company on 2 January 1985. The Group is a financial services group operating predominantly in Ireland and 
the United Kingdom. The Group provides a range of services to retail, business and corporate customers, with 
market-leading positions across key segments. AIB is the principal brand of the Group across all geographies 
in which it operates. In Ireland, EBS is a challenger brand and Haven is a mortgage broker channel. Both EBS 
and Haven are subsidiaries of the Group. 
AIB is a non-operating holding company which carries on all of its trading activities through its direct 
subsidiary, AIB Bank and the other members of the Bank Group (which are indirect subsidiaries of AIB). AIB 
is the direct 100 per cent. shareholder of AIB Bank, and has no direct subsidiaries other than AIB Bank. 
Accordingly, save for the issuance and management of certain capital instruments by AIB, the business of the 
AIB Group and the Bank Group are, at the date of this Base Prospectus, substantively similar in all material 
respects. 
AIB Bank offers a full suite of products for retail customers, including mortgages, personal loans, credit cards, 
current accounts, insurance, pensions, financial planning, investments, savings and deposits. Its products for 
business and corporate customers include finance and loans, business current accounts, deposits, foreign 
exchange and interest rate risk management products, trade finance products, invoice discounting, leasing, 
credit cards, merchant services, payments and corporate finance.
The Group’s performance is managed and reported across Retail Banking, AIB Capital Markets (“Capital 
Markets”), AIB UK and Group segments.
Retail Banking 
Retail Banking core markets include Homes, Consumer, SME, Wealth through the recently launched joint 
venture AIB life and Financial Solutions Group (FSG) in a single integrated segment, focused on meeting the 
current, emerging and future needs of the Group’s personal and SME customers. 

Homes and Consumer are respectively responsible for meeting the homes and everyday banking needs 
of customers in Ireland across the AIB, EBS and Haven brands and delivering innovative and 
differentiated products, propositions and services to meet the Group’s customers’ needs delivered 
through an extensive range of physical and digital channels.  AIB’s goal is to provide a seamless and 
transparent customer experience through all its products and services.

SME provides financial services to micro and small SMEs through a sector-led strategy and local 
expertise with an extensive product and proposition offering across a number of distribution channels. 
AIB’s goal is to help its customers create and build sustainable businesses in their communities.

FSG is a dedicated centre of excellence for the management of the vast majority of the Group’s NPEs, 
with the objective of supporting the Group’s customers in difficulty and delivering the Group’s strategy 
to reduce NPEs.
Capital Markets 
Capital Markets provides institutional, corporate and business banking services to the Group’s larger customers 
and customers requiring specific sector or product expertise. Capital Markets’ relationship driven model serves 
customers through sector specialist teams including: Corporate Banking, Real Estate Finance, Business

--- Page 175 ---
168
Banking   and Energy, Climate Action & Infrastructure. In addition to traditional credit products, Capital 
Markets offers customers foreign exchange and interest rate risk management products, cash management 
products, trade finance, mezzanine finance, structured and specialist finance and equity investments, as well as 
Private Banking services and advice. Capital Markets also has syndicated and international finance teams based 
in Dublin and in New York.  Goodbody offers further capabilities in wealth management, corporate finance, 
asset management and wider capital markets propositions.
AIB UK 
AIB UK offers corporate, retail and business banking services in two distinct markets:

a sector-led corporate bank supporting mid to large corporates focused on renewables, infrastructure, 
housing, commercial real estate, health and manufacturing/industrial  businesses across Great Britain and 
Northern Ireland,  where the Bank has recognised expertise. Services include lending, treasury, trade 
facilities, asset finance and invoice discounting. 

a full service retail bank in Northern Ireland to personal and business customers with a focus on mortgage 
and business lending.
Group 
The Group segment comprises wholesale treasury activities and Group control and support functions. Treasury 
manages the Group’s liquidity and funding positions and provides customer treasury services and economic 
research. The Group control and support functions include Technology, Operations, Finance, Risk, Legal, 
Corporate Governance & Customer Care, Human Resources, Sustainability & Corporate Affairs, Enterprise 
Development and Group Internal Audit.
History
The Group has a long history of operating in Ireland, with its predecessor organisations having been part of the 
Irish banking sector for almost 200 years. The Group’s origins date back to the amalgamation in 1966 of three 
long-established banks: (i) the Munster and Leinster Bank Limited (established 1885), (ii) the Provincial Bank 
of Ireland Limited (established 1825) and (iii) the Royal Bank of Ireland Limited (established 1836). 
In 1991, the Group merged its interests in Northern Ireland with those of TSB Northern Ireland to create First 
Trust Bank. In 1996, the Group’s retail operations in the UK were integrated and the resulting entity was 
renamed AIB Group (UK) p.l.c., with two distinct trading names: Allied Irish Bank (GB) in Great Britain and 
First Trust Bank (which rebranded as AIB (NI) in November 2019) in Northern Ireland. During the 1980s and 
1990s, the Group entered a phase of international expansion in select markets, acquiring businesses in the 
United States and Poland. 
In the context of the global financial crisis beginning in 2008, the Irish Government recognised the need to 
stabilise Irish financial institutions and to create greater certainty for all stakeholders. It implemented a number 
of measures in response to the crisis, including the introduction of the CIFS Scheme and the ELG Scheme and 
the establishment of NAMA, and several capital investments in AIB Bank and EBS during 2009, 2010 and 2011 
amounting to a total of €20.8 billion, which included the National Pensions Reserve Fund Commission making 
a €3.5 billion investment in the Group by way of a subscription for preference shares (the “2009 Preference 
Shares”) on 13 May 2009. Following these investments, the Irish Government owned 99.8 per cent. of the 
ordinary shares in the capital of AIB Bank. The Group was also required to deleverage approximately €20.5 
billion of non-core assets by December 2013. 
AIB Bank’s ordinary shares were delisted from both the Main Securities Market of the Irish Stock Exchange 
(now known as the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin) and the UK Official List and were subsequently 
admitted to the Enterprise Securities Market of the Irish Stock Exchange (now known as Euronext Dublin

--- Page 176 ---
169
Enterprise Securities Market) (“ESM”) in January 2011. Also in 2011, AIB Bank’s American Depositary Shares 
were delisted and ceased to be traded on the New York Stock Exchange.
Initial Public Offering 
On 30 May 2017, the Irish Government and AIB Bank announced an intention to seek admission of the AIB 
Bank shares to the Official Lists of each of the Irish Stock Exchange (now known as Euronext Dublin) and the 
FCA and to trading on the main markets of the Irish Stock Exchange (now known as Euronext Dublin) and the 
London Stock Exchange and to proceed with a secondary offering of ordinary shares in AIB Bank by the Irish 
Government. Pursuant to this secondary offering in June 2017, the Irish Government sold 780,384,606 ordinary 
shares in AIB Bank to certain institutional and retail investors (the “IPO”), comprising 28.75 per cent. of the 
issued ordinary share capital of AIB Bank. On completion of this sale the Irish Government holding reduced to 
71.12 per cent. Admission to the Official Lists together with admission to trading on the main markets for listed 
securities on the Irish Stock Exchange (now known as Euronext Dublin) and the London Stock Exchange 
commenced on 27 June 2017.
Scheme of Arrangement 
Following High Court of Ireland approval in December 2017, AIB Bank completed a corporate reorganisation 
to effect the SRB’s decision that the preferred resolution strategy for the Group would be a single point of entry 
via a holding company. The Scheme involved the establishment of a new group holding company, AIB Group 
plc. The reorganisation had been approved by shareholders’ meetings in November 2017 and was implemented 
by means of a scheme of arrangement under Chapter 1 of Part 9 of the Irish Companies Act 2014. 
In December 2017, the Scheme became effective and AIB Bank’s shares were cancelled, with one share of AIB 
being issued for every AIB Bank share held at such time. On 11 December 2017, the entire issued ordinary 
share capital of AIB Group plc, comprising 2,714,381,237 ordinary shares, was admitted to the Official Lists 
of each of the Irish Stock Exchange (now known as Euronext Dublin) and the FCA and to trading on the main 
markets of the Irish Stock Exchange (now known as Euronext Dublin) and the London Stock Exchange. With 
effect from the time the Scheme became effective, AIB has owned 100 per cent. of AIB Bank. As at 
31 December 2021, the Irish Government maintained a 71.12 per cent. shareholding in AIB Group plc. In 
December 2021, the Minister for Finance announced the planned sell down of a part of the Irish State’s 
shareholding in the Issuer through a pre-arranged trading plan (and other mechanisms) which has reduced the 
shareholding to 46.90 per cent. as at the date of this Base Prospectus.
Board of Directors and Executive Officers
The following is a list of directors and officers of AIB and AIB Bank as at the date of this Base Prospectus. The 
business address of each of the directors and officers referred to below is c/o 10 Molesworth Street, Dublin 2, 
D02 R126. The contact telephone number for the Issuers is: +353 (1) 660 0311. 
Name
Title
Jim Pettigrew
Chair and Non-Executive Director
Brendan McDonagh
Deputy Chair and Independent Non-Executive Director
Helen Normoyle
Senior Independent Non-Executive Director
Anik Chaumartin
Independent Non-Executive Director
Donal Galvin
Chief Financial Officer and Executive Director
Basil Geoghegan
Independent Non-Executive Director
Tanya Horgan
Independent Non-Executive Director

--- Page 177 ---
170
Name
Title
Colin Hunt
Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director
Sandy Kinney Pritchard
Independent Non-Executive Director
Elaine MacLean
Independent Non-Executive Director
Andy Maguire
Independent Non-Executive Director
Ann O’Brien
Independent Non-Executive Director
Fergal O’Dwyer
Independent Non-Executive Director
Raj Singh
Independent Non-Executive Director
Jan Sijbrand
Independent Non-Executive Director
As far as is known to each Issuer, no potential conflicts of interest exist between any duties to each Issuer of 
the persons listed under “Board of Directors and Executive Officers” above and their private interests and/or 
other duties. 
The Board-approved Code of Conduct and Conflicts of Interest Policy for Directors sets out how actual, 
potential or perceived conflicts of interest are to be evaluated, reported and managed to ensure that Directors 
act at all times in the best interests of the Group and its stakeholders. Executive Directors, as employees of the 
Group, are also subject to the Group’s Code of Conduct and Conflicts of Interests Policy for employees.
Executive Committee
Name
Title
Colin Hunt
Chief Executive Officer
CJ Berry
Chief Enterprise Development Officer
Cathy Bryce
Managing Director, Capital Markets
Geraldine Casey
Chief People Officer
Helen Dooley
Group General Counsel
Donal Galvin 
Chief Financial Officer 
Michael Frawley
Chief Risk Officer
Hilary Gormley
Managing Director, AIB Group (UK) p.l.c.
Andrew McFarlane
Chief Operating Officer
Mary Whitelaw
Chief Sustainability and Corporate Affairs Officer
Fergal Coburn, Chief Technology Officer resigned on 20 March 2023, and Jim O’Keeffe, Managing Director 
of Retail Banking resigned on 30 June 2023. The process of appointing their successors is well underway, and 
announcements will be made in due course.
Recent Developments
Subsequent to 30 June 2023, the Group migrated €178 million of Ulster Bank corporate and commercial loans, 
bringing the total amount of migrated Ulster Bank corporate and commercial loans to €3.1 billion. The transfer 
of the Ulster Bank corporate and commercial loans is now complete.

--- Page 178 ---
171
The Group received regulatory approval for the acquisition of the Ulster Bank tracker (and linked) mortgages 
in H1 2023. The Group now expects approximately €5 billion of loans to be transferred upon completion, with 
€4 billion transferred in July 2023. The remaining eligible loans are expected to migrate by the end of 2023.

--- Page 179 ---
172
TAXATION 
The following is a summary of certain Irish tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposal of Notes. 
It applies to the absolute beneficial owners of Notes (including all amounts payable by the relevant Issuer in 
respect of their Notes). However, it does not apply to certain classes of persons such as dealers in securities. 
The summary is not a comprehensive description of all of the tax considerations that may be relevant to a 
decision to purchase, own or dispose of Notes. The summary is based upon Irish laws and the practice of the 
Revenue Commissioners of Ireland, in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus. The summary does not 
constitute tax or legal advice and is of a general nature only. Prospective holders should consult their own tax 
adviser with respect to the applicable tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposal of Notes.
Irish Taxation 
Withholding tax
There are three different types of Irish withholding tax potentially relevant to payments on the Notes, namely 
Irish interest withholding tax, Irish encashment tax and, solely in respect of interest payable by AIB Bank, Irish 
Deposit Interest Retention Tax (“DIRT”). However, there are broad exemptions available from these 
withholding taxes, which are described in the following paragraphs. 
By way of background, Irish interest withholding tax can apply to interest payments at a rate of 20 per cent., 
unless an exemption is available. This interest withholding tax can also apply to any premium paid on notes 
(but does not apply to any discount on notes). An encashment tax at a rate of 25 per cent. can apply to certain 
categories of listed notes issued by companies.
Listed Notes
Listed Notes are Notes which have been admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin. Payments of interest 
in respect of Listed Notes may be made without any deduction of Irish tax by the relevant Issuer, provided the 
Listed Notes remain quoted on Euronext Dublin and remain held in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.
If Notes are quoted on another “recognised” stock exchange (instead of Euronext Dublin) but remain held in 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the same treatment should apply. Broadly, a “recognised” stock 
exchange is understood to mean a stock exchange in a jurisdiction which is regulated by the appropriate 
regulatory authority of that jurisdiction and has substantially the same level of recognition in that jurisdiction 
as Euronext Dublin has in Ireland. If Notes are held in another “recognised” clearing system (instead of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg), the same treatment should apply. A list of “recognised” clearing 
systems for these purposes is included in Irish tax legislation and this list includes the Depositary Trust 
Company of New York.
Irish encashment tax may apply where a collecting agent in Ireland obtains payment of interest (whether in 
Ireland or elsewhere) on Listed Notes or realises in Ireland any Coupon in respect of Listed Notes. In these 
circumstances, the collecting agent may be required to deduct Irish encashment tax from such interest or 
realisation proceeds at the rate of 25 per cent. An exemption from this Irish encashment tax is available if the 
holder is not tax resident in Ireland and has provided a declaration in the prescribed form to the collecting agent. 
An exemption also applies where the payment is made to a company and that company is beneficially entitled 
to the income and is or will be within the charge to Irish corporation tax in respect of the income. Therefore, 
holders should note that, if they appoint an Irish collecting agent in respect of their Listed Notes, it may result 
in Irish encashment tax being deducted by their collecting agent from payments made in respect of their Listed 
Notes.

--- Page 180 ---
173
Unlisted Notes
The relevant Issuer may issue Notes which are not quoted on Euronext Dublin (or another “recognised” stock 
exchange). Payments in respect of such Notes may be made without any deduction of Irish tax by the relevant 
Issuer, provided one of the following exemptions from each of Irish interest withholding tax and Irish 
encashment tax is available:
(a)
no Irish interest withholding tax will be deducted by the relevant Issuer on payments in respect of such 
Notes, if one of the following applies:
(i)
the Notes qualify for the “commercial paper” exemption i.e. the wholesale debt instrument 
exemption (see below); or
(ii)
interest on the Notes is not “yearly interest” (generally, interest on Notes would not be considered 
to be “yearly interest” if the Notes had a maturity of 364 days or less and there was no intention 
to extend the maturity of the Notes beyond 364 days); and
(b)
no Irish encashment tax will be deducted, provided the Notes are not quoted on any “recognised” stock 
exchange (see above).
Other exemptions from Irish withholding tax may also be available in certain circumstances. For example, an 
exemption is available from Irish interest withholding tax where the holder of Notes is a company resident in 
an EU jurisdiction (other than Ireland) or in a jurisdiction with which Ireland has a double tax treaty, provided 
a number of conditions are satisfied. The terms of a double tax treaty may also provide relief from Irish 
withholding tax. In addition to the foregoing, an exemption is available in respect of Irish interest withholding 
tax paid by a bank (such as AIB Bank) carrying on a bona fide banking business in Ireland where such interest 
is paid in the ordinary course of its banking business.  
What is the “commercial paper” exemption?
As described above, one of the exemptions from Irish interest withholding tax is the “commercial paper” 
exemption. Notes will qualify as “commercial paper” if the relevant Notes mature within two years, recognise 
an obligation to pay a stated amount and carry a right to interest or are issued at a discount or at a premium.
Where Notes qualify as “commercial paper”, an exemption from Irish interest withholding tax will be available 
on payments of interest in respect of such Notes where the Notes have a denomination of not less than €500,000 
(or its currency equivalent) or U.S.$500,000 and the Notes are held in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(or another recognised clearing system).
Other exemptions for “commercial paper” may be available where holders of Notes provide certain specified 
information or declarations to the relevant Issuer. 
Deposit Interest Retention Tax
DIRT is a form of Irish withholding tax that applies at a rate of 33 per cent. to payments of interest made by 
"relevant deposit takers" as defined in the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997 of Ireland.  AIB Bank (but not AIB) is 
a relevant deposit taker. 
However, there is an exemption from this obligation to deduct DIRT from interest paid on Notes issued by AIB 
Bank which are listed on a recognised stock exchange (which includes Euronext Dublin).  
Additionally, in the event the Notes are not, or cease to be, listed on a recognised stock exchange certain other 
statutory and concessional exemptions from DIRT may also be available. 
Exemptions are available where either the person beneficially entitled to the interest is (i) not resident in Ireland; 
(ii) a company within the charge to Irish corporation tax in respect of the interest; or (iii) an approved pension

--- Page 181 ---
174
scheme, subject to an appropriate non-resident declaration in the case of (i) and appropriate tax reference number 
in the case of (ii) and (iii) being provided to AIB Bank.  
Similarly, AIB Bank will not be required to operate DIRT if the requirements of the wholesale debt instrument 
exemption set out above are met.
Furthermore, a Revenue Commissioner concessional exemption may also be available, subject to satisfying 
certain conditions, including that as a matter of contract the Dealers undertake not to knowingly offer to sell the 
Notes to an Irish resident person or person whose usual place of abode is Ireland and do not knowingly distribute 
or cause to be distributed in Ireland offering material in connection with the Notes.
Taxation of Noteholders
Noteholders resident in Ireland
Generally, if holders are tax resident in Ireland, they will be subject to Irish tax on their worldwide income, 
including their return on the Notes. They will be obliged to account for any Irish tax on a self-assessment basis. 
There is no requirement for the Revenue Commissioners to issue or raise an assessment on them.
Noteholders not resident in Ireland
If holders are not tax resident in Ireland, they will generally only be subject to Irish tax on their Irish source 
income (on a self-assessment basis). A corporate recipient that carries on a trade in Ireland through a branch or 
agency in respect of which the Notes are held or attributed may have a liability to Irish corporation tax on the 
interest.
Interest payable on the Notes may be regarded as Irish source income, as the relevant Issuer is resident in 
Ireland.
However, where the Notes are Listed Notes (and continue to be held in Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg) or the “commercial paper” exemption (see above) applies, a holder should nevertheless be exempt 
from Irish income tax on interest paid on the Notes if it is:
(a)
a person (including a company) who is not tax resident in Ireland and is regarded (for the purposes of 
section 198 of the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997 of Ireland) as being a resident of an EU member state 
(other than Ireland) or a territory with which Ireland has a double tax treaty that has the force of law;
(b)
a company which is under the control (whether directly or indirectly) of a person or persons who, by 
virtue of the laws of a “relevant territory”, is or are tax resident in the “relevant territory” and who is or 
are (as the case may be) not under the control (whether directly or indirectly) of a person, or persons 
who are, not so resident. A “relevant territory” for these purposes means (i) a member state of the EU 
(other than Ireland), (ii) a territory with which Ireland has a double tax treaty that has the force of law, 
or (iii) a territory with which Ireland has signed a double tax treaty, which has yet to have the force of 
law; or
(c)
a company the principal class of shares of which, or:
(i)
where the company is a 75 per cent. subsidiary of another company, of that other company; or
(ii)
where the company is wholly-owned by two or more companies, of each of those companies,
is substantially and regularly traded on a stock exchange in Ireland, or on one or more recognised stock 
exchanges in a “relevant territory” (see just above) or on such other stock exchange as may be approved 
of by the Minister for Finance of Ireland for these purposes.

--- Page 182 ---
175
If the Notes are neither Listed Notes nor Notes to which the “commercial paper” exemption (see above) applies, 
a holder should nevertheless be exempt from Irish income tax on interest paid on the Notes if the interest is paid 
by the relevant Issuer in the ordinary course of its trade or business and it is:
(a)
a company which is not tax resident in Ireland and which is regarded (for the purposes of section 198 of 
the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997 of Ireland) as being a resident of a EU member state (other than 
Ireland) or a territory with which Ireland has a double tax treaty that has the force of law provided, in 
either case, that the relevant territory imposes a tax that generally applies to interest receivable in that 
territory by companies from sources outside that territory; or
(b)
a company and the interest paid on the Notes is exempted from the charge to Irish income tax under a 
double tax treaty in force on the date the interest is paid, or would be exempted from the charge to Irish 
income tax if a double tax treaty which has been signed but is not yet in force had the force of law on 
the date the interest is paid.
If a holder earns a discount on Notes, it will not be chargeable to Irish income tax on such discount if the Notes 
were issued by the relevant Issuer in the ordinary course of its trade or business and it is a person (including a 
company) who is not tax resident in Ireland and who is regarded (for the purposes of section 198 of the Taxes 
Consolidation Act 1997 of Ireland) as being a resident of a EU member state (other than Ireland) or a territory 
with which Ireland has a double tax treaty that has the force of law.
If the above exemptions do not apply, and the terms of a double tax treaty do not fully relieve Irish income tax 
payable on income earned on the Notes, the terms of a double tax treaty may provide for relief for Irish income 
tax paid, against a foreign tax liability arising on the same income. 
Irish capital gains tax
If a holder is a tax resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland, it may be subject to Irish tax on capital gains 
(currently 33 per cent.) on gains arising on a disposal of Notes.
If a holder is not tax resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland, it should not be subject to Irish tax on capital 
gains arising on a disposal of the Notes, provided the Notes are or were not held for the use of or for the purposes 
of an Irish branch or agency and, where the Notes cease to be listed on a stock exchange, provided such Notes 
do not derive their value or the greater part of their value directly or indirectly from Irish land, certain Irish 
mineral or exploration rights.
Irish capital acquisitions tax
Irish capital acquisitions tax applies to gifts and inheritances. The rate of capital acquisitions tax is currently 33 
per cent. A gift or inheritance of the Notes may be subject to capital acquisition tax if:
(a)
the disponer is tax resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland (or, in the case of value settled in a 
discretionary trust established before 1 December 1999, was then or later became domiciled in Ireland) 
on the relevant date;
(b)
the donee (or successor) is tax resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland on the relevant date; or
(c)
the Notes are regarded as property situated in Ireland.
Irish stamp duty
The issue of Notes will not give rise to a charge to Irish stamp duty.
The transfer of interests in the Notes may, in certain circumstances, result in a charge to Irish stamp duty. 
However, a transfer of the Notes by physical delivery only (and not otherwise) should not give rise to a charge 
to Irish stamp duty.

--- Page 183 ---
176
A transfer of Notes satisfying the terms of the loan capital exemption will be exempt from stamp duty. There 
are four conditions that must be satisfied to avail of this exemption: 
(a)
the Notes must not carry a right of conversion into shares or marketable securities (other than loan 
capital) of an Irish incorporated company or into loan capital having such a right;
(b)
the Notes must not carry rights similar to those attaching to shares, including voting rights, entitlement 
to a share of profits or a share in surplus on liquidation of the relevant Issuer;
(c)
the Notes must be issued for a price which is not less than 90 per cent. of the nominal value of the Notes; 
and
(d)
the Notes must not carry a right to a sum in respect of repayment or interest which is related to certain 
movements in an index or indices (based wholly or partly and directly or indirectly on stocks or 
marketable securities) specified in any document relating to the Notes.
Common Reporting Standard and FATCA
Automatic Exchange of Information
Irish reporting financial institutions, which includes AIB Bank, but not AIB, may have reporting obligations in 
respect of a Noteholder under FATCA as implemented pursuant to the Ireland – US intergovernmental 
agreement and/or the OECD's Common Reporting Standard, which Ireland has implemented into Irish law.
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements.
AIB Bank is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including Ireland) 
have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to 
implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the 
provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally 
not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the 
application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, including whether withholding 
would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, 
are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an 
IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date 
that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in 
the U.S. Federal Register. Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and 
have a fixed term) for U.S. Federal income purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months 
after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are filed with the U.S. Federal 
Register generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after 
such date (including by reason of a substitution of the issuer).
However, if additional Notes that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the 
expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents 
may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject 
to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may 
apply to their investment in Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an

--- Page 184 ---
177
IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of 
the withholding.
Ireland has implemented the relevant provisions of the IGA under Section 891E of the Tax Consolidation Act 
(“TCA”) and the Agreement to Improve Tax Compliance and Provide for Reporting and Exchange of 
Information concerning Tax Matters (United States of America) Order 2013 (S.I. No. 33 of 2013) (the “FATCA 
Regulations”). Under the FATCA Regulations, reporting financial institutions are required to collect certain 
information on accountholders and on certain controlling persons (as defined in the FATCA Regulations) in the 
case of the accountholder being an entity, as defined for FATCA purposes, to identify accounts which are 
reportable to the Irish Revenue Commissioners. The Irish Revenue Commissioners shall in turn exchange such 
information with US Internal Revenue Service. Where a Note is held in a clearing system it is understood that 
either the clearing system itself or the relevant clearing participants are likely to be considered FIs and 
accordingly a reporting financial institution should not have reporting obligations in respect of a Noteholder 
holding such Notes. In that event AIB Bank will make a nil return in respect of such Notes for that year to the 
Irish Revenue Commissioners.
Common Reporting Standard (the “CRS”)
The CRS framework was first released by the OECD in February 2014. To date, more than 100 jurisdictions 
have publicly committed to implementation, many of which are early adopter countries, including Ireland. On 
21 July 2014, the Standard for Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information in Tax Matters (the 
“Standard”) was published, involving the use of two main elements, the Competent Authority Agreement (the 
“CAA”) and the CRS.
The goal of the Standard is to provide for the annual automatic exchange between governments of financial 
account information reported to them by local Financial Institutions (“FIs”) relating to accountholders tax 
resident in other participating countries to assist in the efficient collection of tax. The OECD, in developing the 
CAA and CRS, have used FATCA concepts and as such the Standard is broadly similar to the FATCA 
requirements, albeit with numerous alterations. It will result in a significantly higher number of reportable 
persons due to the increased instances of potentially in-scope accounts and the inclusion of multiple 
jurisdictions to which accounts must be reported.
Ireland is a signatory jurisdiction to the Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement on Automatic Exchange 
of Financial Account Information, which was entered into by Ireland in its capacity as a signatory to the 
Convention on Mutual Administrative Assistance in Tax Matters and which relates to the automatic exchange 
of financial account information in respect of CRS. Sections 891F and 891G of the TCA and regulations made 
thereunder contain measures necessary to implement the CRS internationally and in Ireland. The Returns of 
Certain Information by Reporting Financial Institutions Regulations 2015 (the "CRS Regulations”), giving 
effect to the CRS from 1 January 2016 came into operation on 31 December 2015.
Under the CRS Regulations, reporting financial institutions are required to collect certain information on 
accountholders and on certain controlling persons (as defined in the CRS Regulations) in the case of the 
accountholder being an entity, as defined for CRS purposes, to identify accounts which are reportable to the 
Irish Revenue Commissioners. The Irish Revenue Commissioners shall in turn exchange such information with 
their counterparts in participating jurisdictions. Where a Note is held in a clearing system it is understood that 
either the clearing system itself or the relevant clearing participants are likely to be considered FIs and 
accordingly a reporting financial institution should not have reporting obligations in respect of a Noteholder 
holding such Notes. In that event AIB Bank will make a nil return in respect of such Notes for that year to the 
Irish Revenue Commissioners.

--- Page 185 ---
178
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE
The Dealers have in a Dealer Agreement dated 6 October 2023 (the “Dealer Agreement”) agreed with the Issuers 
a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement 
for any particular purchase will extend to those matters stated under “Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes, 
Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated 
Notes” above.
In the Dealer Agreement, each Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in 
connection with the offer and sale of the Notes issued by it. The Dealer Agreement may be terminated in relation 
to all the Dealers or any of them by the Issuers or, in relation to itself, by any Dealer, at any time on giving not 
less than 15 days’ written notice. The Dealers are entitled in certain circumstances to be released and discharged 
from their obligations under a subscription agreement prior to the closing of the issue of the relevant Notes. In 
this situation, the issuance of the relevant Notes may not be completed. Investors will have no rights against the 
Issuer or Dealers in respect of any expense incurred or loss suffered in these circumstances.
United States
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state 
or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meaning given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act.
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to U.S. persons, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code, as amended and the regulations 
thereunder. The applicable Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or 
whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that, 
except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes of any identifiable 
tranche, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of an identifiable tranche of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each Dealer to which it sells any Notes during the 
distribution compliance period, a confirmation or other notice setting out the restrictions on offers and sales of 
the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable tranche of Notes, an offer 
or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer that is not participating in the offering of such Notes 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area (“EEA”). For the purposes of this provision: 
(a)
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 186 ---
179
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and
(b)
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe the Notes.
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes 
of this provision: 
(a)
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of:
(i)
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of the UK MiFIR; or 
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and
(b)
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes.
United Kingdom
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that:
(a)
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not, or in the case of AIB Bank would not, if AIB Bank was 
not an authorised person, apply to the Issuers and it has complied and will comply with all applicable 
provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise 
involving the UK; and
(b)
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other 
than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to 
expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of

--- Page 187 ---
180
their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 
of the FSMA by the Issuers.
Ireland 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that, 
in the case of unlisted Notes, it will not knowingly offer to sell such Notes to an Irish resident, or to persons 
whose usual place of abode is Ireland, and that it will not knowingly distribute or cause to be distributed in 
Ireland any offering material in connection with such Notes. However, the foregoing shall not prohibit the 
Dealers (i) from selling, or offering to sell, to an Irish resident or ordinarily resident person, unlisted Notes 
where that person is either the Irish National Treasury Management Agency or a "relevant deposit taker" within 
the meaning of Section 256 of the Irish Taxes Consolidation Act, 1997, and is acquiring the unlisted Notes 
beneficially for its own account; or (ii) from selling or offering to sell, unlisted Notes to an Irish resident 
company where that company has provided its tax reference number.
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that, it has not offered, sold, placed or underwritten and will not offer, sell, place 
or underwrite the Notes, or do anything in Ireland in respect of the Notes, otherwise than in conformity with 
the provisions of:
(a)
the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as amended) and any codes 
or rules of conduct applicable thereunder, Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 and any delegated or 
implementing acts adopted thereunder and the provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 1998 (as 
amended);
(b)
the Irish Central Bank Acts 1942 – 2023 (as amended) and any codes of practice made under Section 
117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 (as amended); 
(c)
the Prospectus Regulation, the European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 and any rules and 
guidance issued under Section 1363 of the Companies Act 2014 (as amended), by the Central Bank; 
(d)
the Market Abuse Regulation (EU 596/2014) (as amended), the European Union (Market Abuse) 
Regulations 2016 (as amended) and any rules and guidance issued under Section 1370 of the Companies 
Act 2014 (as amended) by the Central Bank; 
(e)
the Companies Act 2014 (as amended); and
(f)
in respect of Notes with a maturity at issuance of less than one year, the terms of Central Bank Notice 
BSD C 01/02.
Republic of Italy
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or 
delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to any Notes be distributed 
in Italy, except, in accordance with any Italian securities, tax and other applicable laws and regulations.
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, any 
Notes or distribute any copy of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic 
of Italy (“Italy”) except:

--- Page 188 ---
181
(a)
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended 
(the “Financial Services Act”) and Article 34-ter, paragraph 1, letter (b) of CONSOB regulation No. 
11971 of 14 May 1999 (the “CONSOB Regulation”), all as amended from time to time; or
(b)
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 
of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of the CONSOB Regulation and applicable Italian laws, 
each as amended from time to time.
In any event, any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any 
other document relating to the Notes in Italy under (a) and (b) above must be:
(i)
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in Italy 
in accordance with the Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the 
“Banking Act”) and CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, all as amended from time to 
time;
(ii)
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended from time to time, and the implementing 
guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may 
request post-offering information on the issue or the offer of securities in Italy; and
(iii)
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations, including any requirement or limitation 
which may be imposed from time to time by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or any other competent 
authority.
See also “Transfer Restrictions in Italy” below.
Transfer Restrictions in Italy
Investors should note that, in accordance with Article 100-bis of the Financial Services Act, where no exemption 
from the rules on public offerings applies under paragraphs (a) and (b) above, the subsequent distribution of the 
Notes on the secondary market in Italy must be made in compliance with the public offer and the prospectus 
requirement rules provided under the Financial Services Act and the CONSOB Regulation. Furthermore, where 
no exemption from the rules on public offerings applies, the Notes which are initially offered and placed in Italy 
or abroad to professional investors only but in the following year are “systematically” distributed on the 
secondary market in Italy become subject to the public offer and the prospectus requirement rules provided 
under the Financial Services Act and CONSOB Regulation. Failure to comply with such rules may result in the 
sale of such Notes being declared null and void and in the liability of the intermediary transferring the financial 
instruments for any damages suffered by purchasers of Notes who are acting outside of the course of their 
business or profession.
This Base Prospectus and the information contained herein are intended only for the use of its recipient and are 
not to be distributed to any third-party resident or located in Italy for any reason. No person resident or located 
in Italy other than the original recipients of this document may rely on it or its contents.
Japan
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No, 25 of 1948, as amended the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). Accordingly, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell 
any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any 
person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to

--- Page 189 ---
182
others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the 
Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan.
Singapore
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been, and will not be, registered as a prospectus in Singapore 
with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or 
sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will 
not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, 
and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other 
document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the 
Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as 
defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time 
to time (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) 
of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and 
in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in 
accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:
(a)
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or
(b)
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except:
(i)
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA;
(ii)
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;
(iii)
where the transfer is by operation of law;
(iv)
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or
(v)
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-Based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore.
In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise specified before an offer of 
Notes, the Issuers have determined, and hereby notify all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the 
SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and 
Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).

--- Page 190 ---
183
Switzerland
No Notes may be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss 
Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) and no application has or will be made to admit any Notes to trading on any 
trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
other offering or marketing material relating to any Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to any Notes may be publicly 
distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.
Canada
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are 
accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of 
the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration 
Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in 
accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable 
securities laws.
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for 
rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any supplement or amendment thereto) contains a 
misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within 
the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser 
should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for 
particulars of these rights or consult with a legal adviser. 
General
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuers and the relevant Dealer(s) following 
a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus.
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Notes, or 
possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any 
country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.
Each Dealer has agreed that it will (to the best of its knowledge) comply with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or 
distributes this Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms.
If a jurisdiction requires that the offering be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the Dealers or any affiliate 
of the Dealers is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, the offering shall be deemed to be made by the 
Dealers or such affiliate on behalf of the Issuers in such jurisdiction.

--- Page 191 ---
184
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme.
Final Terms dated [●]
[AIB Group plc / Allied Irish Banks, p.l.c.]
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): [635400AKJBGNS5WNQL34 / 3U8WV1YX2VMUHH7Z1Q21]
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes]
under the €10,000,000,000
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES (ECPS) ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each 
as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes 
is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (the “UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target 
market.] Any [person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”)][distributor] 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”)][MiFID II]; (ii) a customer within the meaning of (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to

--- Page 192 ---
185
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.]
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”)][EUWA]; (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement [Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”)][the Insurance Distribution Directive], where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of [Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK MiFIR”)][the UK MiFIR]; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129][the Prospectus Regulation] as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document 
required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPS Regulation.]
[Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 
2001 of Singapore (as amended, the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies 
all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are [prescribed capital markets 
products][capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products] (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and are [Excluded][Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products.]1
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 6 October 2023 [and the supplemental Base Prospectuses dated [●]] [which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”)][the Prospectus Regulation]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus 
[as so supplemented].]2 Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis 
of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus[, as so supplemented]. The Final Terms and 
the Base Prospectus [and the supplemental Base Prospectuses] are available for inspection at the London office 
of the Agent and the office of the Issuer and in electronic form on the website of the Issuer www.aibgroup.com 
(access through the “Investor Relations” link)[, the website of the Central Bank, www.centralbank.ie (for so 
long as the Central Bank decides to provide a service of publishing such documents on its website) and on the 
website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin/bonds/list ].
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus (or equivalent) with an earlier date.
1 
For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to Section 309B 
of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer. 
2 
Delete this statement and any other references to the Prospectus Regulation in these Final Terms in the case of an issuance of unlisted Notes 
and an issuance of Notes which will not be admitted to trading on a regulated market.

--- Page 193 ---
186
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [original date] [and the supplemental Base Prospectuses dated [●]]. [This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of [Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”)][the Prospectus Regulation] and must be read in conjunction with the 
Base Prospectus dated 6 October 2023 [and the supplemental Base Prospectuses dated [●]], which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions 
which are extracted from the Base Prospectus dated [original date] [and the supplemental Base Prospectuses 
dated [●]] and are attached hereto]1. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available 
on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the [Base Prospectus dated [●]]/[Base Prospectuses 
dated [●] and [●]] [and the supplemental Base Prospectuses dated [●] and [●]]. The [Base Prospectus dated 
[●]]/[Base Prospectuses dated [●]] [and the supplemental Base Prospectuses[es]] are available for inspection at 
the London office of the Agent and the office of the Issuer.]
[The securities described by these Final Terms (the “Securities”) constitute Commercial Paper for the purposes 
of Notice BSD C 01/02 issued by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Notice”). The Securities are issued in 
accordance with one of the exemptions from the requirement to hold a banking licence provided by the Notice 
pursuant to section 8(2) of the Central Bank Act 1971 of Ireland, inserted by section 31 of the Central Bank Act 
1989 of Ireland, as amended. The Securities do not have the status of a bank deposit and are not within the 
scope of the Deposit Protection Scheme operated by the Central Bank of Ireland. The Issuer is not regulated by 
the Central Bank of Ireland.]3
1
Issuer:
[AIB Group plc] / [Allied Irish Banks, p.l.c.]
2
[(i)]
Series Number:
[●]
[(ii)]
Tranche Number:
[●]
[(iii)]
Date on which the 
Notes become 
fungible:
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the [insert description of the 
Series] on [insert date/the Issue Date/exchange of 
the Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in item [26] 
below [which is expected to occur on or about 
[insert date]].]
3
Specified Currency or Currencies:
[●]
4
Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Notes:
[●]
[(i)]
Series:
[●]
[(ii)
Tranche:
[●]]
5
Issue Price:
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case 
of fungible issues only, if applicable)]
6
 
(i)
Specified 
Denominations:
[EUR100,000] 
[and 
integral 
multiples 
of 
[EUR1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
3 
Include for Notes which have a maturity of less than one year from the Issue Date. Any such Notes must be issued and transferable in a 
minimum amount of €125,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). Such Notes fall outside the scope of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 194 ---
187
[EUR199,000]. No Notes in definitive form will be 
issued 
with 
a 
denomination 
above 
[EUR199,000][●]
(ii)
Calculation Amount:
[●]
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. Note: There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.)
7
 
(i)
Issue Date:
[●]
(ii)
Interest 
Commencement 
Date:
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]
8
Maturity Date:
[specify/Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest
[specify month and year]]
9
Interest Basis:
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate]
[[●] per cent. Resettable Notes]
[[SONIA/SOFR/EURIBOR] +/– [●] per cent. 
Floating Rate]
[Zero Coupon]
10
Redemption/Payment Basis:
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal 
amount
11
Change of Interest Basis:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
12
Put/Call Options:
[Put (further particulars specified at item 21 
below)]
[Call (further particulars specified at item 19 
below)]
[Clean-up Call (further particulars specified at item 
20 below)]
13
(i)
Status of the Notes:
[Senior/Senior Preferred/Senior Non-
Preferred/Subordinated]
[(ii)
Loss Absorption 
Note4:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]
[(iii)
Waiver of Set-off5:
[Applicable – Condition 3(b) applies]/[Not 
Applicable – Condition 3(b) does not apply]] 
[(iv)
Restricted Events of 
Default6:
[Applicable – Condition 9(b) applies]/[Not 
Applicable – Condition 9(b) does not apply]]
4 
Senior Notes, Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes only. 
5 
Senior Notes, Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes only. 
6 
Senior Notes, Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes only.

--- Page 195 ---
188
[(v)]
[Date [Board] 
approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained:
[●] [and [●], respectively]]
14
Method of distribution:
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
15
Fixed Rate Note Provisions:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)
Rate[(s)] of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] on each 
Interest Payment Date
(ii)
Interest Payment 
Date(s):
[●] in each year
(iii)
Fixed Coupon 
Amount[(s)]:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(iv)
Broken Amount(s):
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]
(v)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]
[Actual/360]
[30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis]
[30E/360 / Eurobond Basis]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
[Actual/Actual – ICMA]
(vi)
Determination 
Date(s):
[[●] in each year/Not Applicable]
16
Resettable Note provisions:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)
Initial Rate of 
Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum [payable annually/semi-
annually/ quarterly/ monthly] in arrear]
(ii)
First Margin:
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum
(iii)
Subsequent Margin:
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum
(iv)
Resettable Note 
Interest Payment 
Date(s):
[●] in each year commencing on [●] and ending on 
[●]
(v)
First Resettable Note 
Reset Date:
[●]
(vi)
Second Resettable 
Note Reset Date:
[[●]/Not Applicable]
(vii)
Subsequent 
Resettable Note 
Reset Date:
[[●]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 196 ---
189
(viii)
Business Day 
Convention:
[Floating Rate Convention/ Following Business 
Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention]
(ix)
Business Centre(s):
[●]
(x)
Reset Rate:
[Single Mid-Swap Rate]/[Mean Mid-Swap 
Rate]/[Reference Bond]
(xi)
Relevant Screen 
Page:
[●]
(xii)
Mid-Swap Maturity:
[●]
(xiii)
Fixed Leg Swap 
Duration:
[●]
(xiv)
Benchmark Duration: 
[Fixed Leg Swap Duration/[●]]
(xv)
Subsequent Reset 
Rate Time: 
[●]
(xvi)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]
[Actual/360]
[30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis]
[30E/360 / Eurobond Basis]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
[Actual/Actual – ICMA]
17
Floating Rate Note Provisions:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)
Interest Period(s):
[●] in each year, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (v) 
below
(ii)
Specified Interest 
Payment Dates:
[●] in each year, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (v) 
below
(iii)
First Interest 
Payment Date:
[●]
(iv)
Business Day 
Convention:
[Floating Rate Convention/ Following Business 
Day Convention/ Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention]
(v)
Business Centre(s):
[●]
(vi)
Manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be 
determined:
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]
(vii)
Party responsible for 
calculating the 
[●]

--- Page 197 ---
190
Rate(s) of Interest 
and Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent):
(viii)
Screen Rate 
Determination:
[Applicable – Term Rate][Applicable – 
SONIA][Applicable – SOFR]
– Reference Rate:
[SONIA Compounded Index Rate / SONIA 
Compounded 
Daily 
Reference 
Rate 
[with 
Observation Shift] / [with Lag] where “p” is: 
[specify number] London Business Days [being no 
less than 5 London Business Days]]
[SOFR 
Compounded 
Index 
Rate 
/ 
SOFR 
Compounded 
Daily 
Reference 
Rate 
[with 
Observation Shift] / [with Lag] where “p” is: 
[specify number] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days [being no less than 5 U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days]]
[EURIBOR]
[Insert other applicable reference rates included in 
terms and conditions]
– Interest 
Determination 
Date(s):
[The 
date 
which 
is 
[“p”] 
[London][U.S. 
Government Securities] Business Days prior to each 
Interest Payment Date]
– Relevant Screen 
Page:
[[Bloomberg Screen Page: SONCINDX] / see pages 
of authorised distributors for SONIA Compounded 
Index Rate] or [Bloomberg Screen Page: SONIO/N 
Index] / SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate 
as applicable][●]
– Relevant Fallback 
Screen Page:
[[Bloomberg Screen Page: SONIO/N Index] / see 
pages of authorised distributors for
SONIA 
Compounded 
Daily 
Reference 
Rate 
as 
applicable][●]]
(ix)
ISDA Determination:
– Floating Rate 
Option:
[●]
– Designated 
Maturity:
[●]
– Reset Date:
[●]
– Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining items of this subparagraph)
– Compounding 
Method:
[Compounding with Lookback
Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days]
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift

--- Page 198 ---
191
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [[•] / Not Applicable]]
[Compounding with Lockout
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business Days
Lockout Period Business Days: [[•]/Applicable 
Business Days]]
(The number of applicable business days for each 
compounding method if not specified shall be five, 
unless otherwise agreed with the calculation 
agent.) 
– Averaging:
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining items of this subparagraph)
– Averaging Method:
[Averaging with Lookback
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days]
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [[•] / Not Applicable]]
[Averaging with Lockout
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days
Lockout Period Business Days: [[•]/Applicable 
Business Days]]
(The number of applicable business days for each 
averaging method if not specified shall be five, 
unless otherwise agreed with the calculation 
agent.) 
– Index Provisions:
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining items of this subparagraph)
– Index Method:
[Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [[•] / Not Applicable]]
(The number of applicable business days for each 
index method if not specified shall be five, unless 
otherwise agreed with the calculation agent.)

--- Page 199 ---
192
– ISDA Definitions:
[●]
(x)
Linear Interpolation:
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)]
(xi)
Margin(s):
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum
(xii)
Minimum Rate of 
Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum
(xiii)
Maximum Rate of 
Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum
(xiv)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]
[Actual/360]
[30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis]
[30E/360 / Eurobond Basis]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
[Actual/Actual – ICMA]
18
Zero Coupon Note Provisions:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)
Amortisation Yield:
[●] per cent. per annum
(ii)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]
[Actual/360]
[30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis]
[30E/360 / Eurobond Basis]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
[Actual/Actual – ICMA]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
19
Call Option:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)
Optional Redemption 
Date(s):
[●]
(ii)
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each 
Note:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(iii)
If redeemable in part:
(a)
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[●] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 200 ---
193
(b)
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(iv)
Notice period:
[●]
20
Clean-up Call Option:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)
Clean-up Call 
Effective Date:
[Issue Date of the first tranche of the Notes]/[●]
(ii)
Clean-up Call 
Minimum 
Percentage:
[75 per cent.]/[●]
(iii)
Clean-up Call Option 
Amount:
[●] per Calculation Amount 
[(iv)]
[Notice period:
[●] days]
21
Put Option7:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)
Optional Redemption 
Date(s):
[●]
(ii)
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each 
Note:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(iii)
Notice period:
[●]
[22
Capital Disqualification Event for 
partial exclusion:8
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]
[23
Loss Absorption Disqualification 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraph of this paragraph)
– Loss Absorption 
Disqualification 
Event for partial 
exclusion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]
24
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note:
[●] per Calculation Amount
25
Early Redemption Amount:
– Early Redemption 
Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount 
payable on 
redemption for 
taxation reasons or 
on event of default 
[or on redemption for 
[●] per Calculation Amount
7 
Senior Notes, Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes only. 
8 
Subordinated Notes only.

--- Page 201 ---
194
regulatory 
reasons9][or on 
redemption following 
a Loss Absorption 
Disqualification 
Event]:
26
Substitution and Variation:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
27
Form of Notes:
[Bearer Notes:]
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note]
[Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note]
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note]
[Registered Notes:]
[Registered Global Note registered in the name of a 
nominee for a [common depositary/common 
safekeeper] 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]
28
Governing Law:
[English][Irish] Law Notes
29
New Global Note:
[Yes] [No]
30
Green Bonds: 
[Yes] [No]
[If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph]
[(i)] 
[Reviewer(s):]
[Name of sustainability rating agencies and name of 
third party assurance agent, if any and details of 
compliance opinion(s) and availability]
[(i)] 
[Date of Second 
Party Opinion(s):]
[Give details]
31
Social Bonds
[Yes] [No]
[If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph]
[(i)]
[Reviewer(s):]
[Name of sustainability rating agencies and name of 
third party assurance agent, if any and details of 
compliance opinion(s) and availability]
9 
Subordinated Notes only.

--- Page 202 ---
195
[(ii)]
[Date of Second 
Party Opinion(s):]
[Give details]
32
Financial Centre(s):
[Not Applicable/give details. [Note that this 
paragraph relates to the date [and place] of 
payment, and not the end date of the interest period 
for the purposes of calculating the amount of 
interest, to which sub-paragraph 17(v) relates]]
33
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons 
mature):
[No/Yes. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made]
[USE OF PROCEEDS
Give details if different from the “Use of Proceeds” section in the Base Prospectus.]
RESPONSIBILITY
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant third party 
information) has been extracted from (specify source). 
The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is 
able to ascertain from information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]
Signed on behalf of the Issuer:
By:
Duly authorised

--- Page 203 ---
196
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
1
Listing
(i)
Listing:
[Euronext Dublin/None]
(ii)
Admission to trading:
[Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted to the 
Official List and to be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin with effect from [●]. No assurance 
can be given that such listing will be obtained and/or 
maintained/Not Applicable].
[(iii) [Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading:
[●]
2
Ratings
Ratings:
[The following ratings reflect the ratings allocated to Notes of 
this type issued under the Programme generally:]
The Notes are expected to be rated [●] by [●][on or shortly after 
the Issue Date].
No assurance can be given that such rating will be obtained 
and/or retained.
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes of the type being issued under the Programme generally 
or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.)
(Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this 
has previously been published by the rating provider.)
Insert one (or more) of the following options, as applicable:
Option 1: CRA is (i) established in the EU and (ii) registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation:
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EU and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the “EU CRA Regulation”). 
[Include details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established and registered in the UK or certified under 
the UK CRA Regulation]
Option 2: CRA is (i) established in the EU, (ii) not registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation but (iii) has applied for 
registration:
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EU and has applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the “EU 
CRA Regulation”) although notification of the registration 
decision has not yet been provided.
[Include details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established and registered in the UK or certified under 
the UK CRA Regulation]

--- Page 204 ---
197
Option 3: CRA is (i) established in the EU and (ii) has not 
applied for registration and is not registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation:
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EU and is neither 
registered nor has it applied for registration under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 (the “EU CRA Regulation”).
[Include details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established and registered in the UK or certified under 
the UK CRA Regulation]
Option 4: CRA is established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA:
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
“UK CRA Regulation”).
[Include details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established and registered in the EEA or certified under 
the EU CRA Regulation]
Option 5: CRA is not established in the EU or the UK but the 
relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA which is established and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and/or under the UK 
CRA Regulation:
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EU or the UK but the 
rating it has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name 
of credit rating agency], which is established in the [EU and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the “EU CRA 
Regulation”)] [and] [UK and registered under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”)].
Option 6: CRA is not established in the EU or the UK and the 
relevant rating is not endorsed under the EU CRA Regulation 
and/or the UK CRA Regulation, but the CRA is certified under 
the EU CRA Regulation and/or the UK CRA Regulation:
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EU or the UK but is 
certified under [Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the “EU CRA 
Regulation”)] [and] [Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”)].
Option 7: CRA is neither established in the EU or the UK nor 
certified under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA

--- Page 205 ---
198
Regulation and the relevant rating is not endorsed under the 
EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation:
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EU or the UK and is 
not certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the “EU 
CRA Regulation”) or the Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”) and the 
rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA 
Regulation.
3
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in 
the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates 
have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course 
of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)]
4
Estimated Net Proceeds 
Estimated net proceeds:
[●]
5
[Fixed Rate Notes only – Yield
Indication of yield:
[●]
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue 
Price. It is not an indication of future yield.]
6
[Floating Rate Notes only – 
Historic Interest Rates
Details of historic [EURIBOR] rates can be obtained from [Reuters].]
7
Operational Information
ISIN:
[●]
Common Code:
[●]
CFI:
[[●], as updated, as set out on the website of the Association of 
National Number Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced 
from the responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable]
FISN:
[[●], as updated, as set out on the website of the Association of 
National Number Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced 
from the responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN /Not Applicable]
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or available, 
it/they should be specified to be “Not Applicable”)
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)[and address(es)]]

--- Page 206 ---
199
Clearstream Banking, S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s):
Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
Name and address of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any):
[●]
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
International Central Securities Depositaries as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a nominee of one of 
the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper)] (include this text for 
registered notes) and does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date of 
these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be 
amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper)] (include this 
text for registered notes). Note that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]
8
Distribution
(i)
Method of distribution:
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]
(ii)
If syndicated:
(A) Names of Managers:
[Not Applicable/give names]
(B) Stabilisation Manager(s) 
(if any):
[Not Applicable/give names]
(iii) If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer:
[Not Applicable/give name]
(iv) U.S. Selling Restrictions:
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2] [TEFRA C / TEFRA D / 
TEFRA Not Applicable]

--- Page 207 ---
200
GENERAL INFORMATION
1
It is expected that approval of the Programme in respect of the Notes will be granted on or before 6 October 
2023 by Euronext Dublin subject only to the issue of a temporary Global Note or Global Certificate (as 
applicable) in respect of each Tranche. However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will 
not be listed on any stock exchange.
2
A&L Listing Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuers in connection with the Notes 
and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List or to trading on the Market for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation.
3
The update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme have been authorised by a resolution 
of the Board of Directors of AIB passed on 28 September 2023 and a resolution of the Board of Directors of 
AIB Bank dated 28 September 2023. 
4
Each Bearer Note, Coupon and Talon will bear the following legend: “Any U.S. person who holds this 
obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations 
provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code”.
5
There are no, and there have not been any, governmental, legal or arbitration actions, suits or proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuers are aware) involving 
either Issuer or any subsidiary of either Issuer during the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus, 
which may have, or have had in recent past significant effects on the financial position or profitability of either 
Issuer and/or the Group taken as a whole.
6
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the AIB Group since 30 June 2023 and 
there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of AIB since 31 December 2022.
7
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Bank Group since 30 June 2023 and 
there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of AIB Bank since 31 December 2022.
8
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined before filing of the relevant Final Terms 
of each Tranche, based on then prevailing market conditions. The Issuers do not intend to provide any post-
issuance information in relation to any issues of Notes.
9
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records). The Common Code and ISIN (and any other relevant identification 
number for any alternative clearing system) for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.
10
The legal entity identifier of AIB is 635400AKJBGNS5WNQL34 and the legal entity identifier of AIB Bank is 
3U8WV1YX2VMUHH7Z1Q21.
11
Copies of the following documents (in physical form) will be available at the Issuers’ registered office from the 
date hereof for so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes remain outstanding at the London 
office of the Agent and the office of the Issuers specified at the end of this Base Prospectus and on the Issuers’ 
website at https://aib.ie/investorrelations:
(i)
the Memorandum and Articles of Association of AIB;
(ii)
the Memorandum and Articles of Association of AIB Bank;
(iii)
the Trust Deed;

--- Page 208 ---
201
(iv)
the Agency Agreement;
(v)
the annual financial reports of AIB and AIB Bank for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 
December 2021;
(vi)
each Final Terms for Notes which are listed on Euronext Dublin or any other stock exchange;
(vii)
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further Base 
Prospectus; and
(viii)
all reports, letters and other documents, balance sheets, valuations and statements by any expert any part 
of which is extracted or referred to in any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further Base Prospectus.
12
Deloitte Ireland LLP of Deloitte & Touche House, Earlsfort Terrace, Dublin (a member of the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants in Ireland) have audited, without qualifications, the annual consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuers for the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, in accordance 
with International Standards on Auditing (Ireland) (ISAs (Ireland)) issued by the Irish Auditing and Accounting 
Supervisory Authority.
13
PricewaterhouseCoopers, One Spencer Dock, North Wall Quay, Dublin 1 (a member of the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants in Ireland) who were appointed as auditor to AIB and AIB Bank on 4 May 2023 have 
reviewed, without qualification the financial statements of AIB and AIB Bank for the six months ended 30 June 
2023 pursuant to ISRE (Ireland) 2410.]
14
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking, 
commercial banking, hedging, monetary policy and/or financing transactions with, and may perform services 
for the Issuers and/or the Issuers’ affiliates or for clients in transactions which involve the Issuers and their 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the 
Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity 
securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own 
account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve 
securities and/or instruments of the Issuers or the Issuers’ affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that 
have a lending relationship with the Issuers and/or the Issuers’ affiliates routinely hedge their credit exposure 
to the Issuers and/or the Issuers’ affiliates consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, 
such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either 
the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the 
Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes 
issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations 
and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and 
may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments.
15
The website of the Issuers is https://aib.ie/investorrelations. The information on the Issuers’ website does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 209 ---
DEALERS 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street
Dublin 2
D02RF29
Ireland
BNP Paribas
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurst am Main 
Germany 
Goldman Sachs International
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom
Goodbody Stockbrokers UC
Ballsbridge Park 
Ballsbridge 
Dublin 4 
Ireland
HSBC Continental Europe
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands
Mizuho International plc
30 Old Bailey 
London EC4M 7AU 
United Kingdom 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4QA 
United Kingdom
Natixis 
7 promenade Germaine Sablon  
75013 Paris 
France
NatWest Markets Plc 
250 Bishopsgate 
London EC2M 4AA 
United Kingdom 
Nomura International plc 
1 Angel Lane 
London EC4R 3AB 
United Kingdom
 Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann
75009 Paris
France
UBS AG London Branch 
5 Broadgate
London EC2M 2QS
United Kingdom 
UniCredit Bank AG
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany

--- Page 210 ---
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm)
60310 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
ISSUERS 
AIB Group plc
10 Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
Republic of Ireland 
Tel: +353 16417803 
Allied Irish Banks, p.l.c.
10 Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
Republic of Ireland 
Tel: +353 16417803
TRUSTEE 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom 
ISSUING AND PAYING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom
REGISTRAR
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch 
Riverside Two 
Sir John Rogerson’s Quay 
Grand Canal Dock 
Dublin 2 
Ireland

--- Page 211 ---
A51691277 
LEGAL ADVISERS
to AIB and AIB Bank 
(as to English law) 
Linklaters LLP
 One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom 
(as to Irish law) 
A&L Goodbody LLP
 3 Dublin Landings 
North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Republic of Ireland 
to the Dealers 
(as to English law) 
Allen & Overy LLP
 One Bishops Square 
 London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
(as to Irish law) 
Matheson LLP 
70 Sir John Rogerson’s Quay 
Dublin 2 
Republic of Ireland 
AUDITORS OF THE ISSUERS 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
One Spencer Dock 
North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Republic of Ireland
LISTING AGENT 
A&L Listing Limited 
3 Dublin Landings 
North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Republic of Ireland