--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 25 March 2022
AIB Group plc
(a company incorporated with limited liability in Ireland)
€10,000,000,000
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
AIB Group plc (“AIB” or the “Issuer”) may from time to time issue Notes denominated in such currencies as may be agreed with the Dealers specified in this Base Prospectus 
(each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”, which expression shall include any additional Dealers appointed under the €10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
described in this Base Prospectus (the “Programme”) from time to time, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on a continuing basis). The Notes may be issued as 
unsubordinated obligations of AIB (“Senior Notes”) or as subordinated obligations of AIB (“Subordinated Notes”, together with the Senior Notes, the “Notes”). The Notes may 
be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers. The Notes will have maturities of not less than one month from the date of issue. Subject as set out herein, the 
maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding will not exceed €10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies at the time of agreement 
to issue, subject as further set out herein).
Factors which may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme and factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the 
market risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme are set out in “Risk Factors”.
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market 
for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments (as amended, “MiFID II”), to the extent that such 
amendments have been implemented in the relevant Member State of the European Economic Area. Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc (trading as 
Euronext Dublin) (“Euronext Dublin”) for Notes issued under the Programme for the period of 12 months from the date of the approval of the Base Prospectus by the Central 
Bank to be admitted to the official list of Euronext Dublin (the “Official List”) and to trading on its regulated market. No assurance can be given that such an application to list 
and trade the Notes will be accepted. A&L Listing Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent in connection with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the 
Notes to the Official List or to trading on its regulated market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.
Notes which are admitted to the Official List are referred to herein as “Listed Notes”. Notice of the aggregate principal amount of, interest (if any) payable in respect of, the issue 
price of and any other terms and conditions not contained herein which are applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Description of the Programme”) of Notes will be set 
forth in a set of final terms (the “Final Terms”) which, with respect to the Listed Notes, will be delivered to Euronext Dublin on or before the date of issue of such Tranche. 
Unlisted Notes and Notes listed on other or additional stock exchanges may also be issued. Any Final Terms in respect of unlisted Notes will not constitute final terms for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.
Notes issued under the Programme are not guaranteed by the Minister for Finance of Ireland or any other person or entity.
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR, SONIA and SOFR as specified in the relevant Final Terms and each as defined in the terms and 
conditions of the Notes (the “Conditions”). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, European Money Markets Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR) appears on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (the “ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 
(as amended, the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrators of SONIA and SOFR do not appear on ESMA’s register of 
administrators and benchmarks pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, SONIA and SOFR do not fall within the scope of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation.
This Base Prospectus will be valid as a base prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation for 12 months from 25 March 2022. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus 
in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply following the expiry of that period.
Arranger and Dealer
J.P. Morgan
Dealers
ABN AMRO
BOFA Securities
Barclays
BNP PARIBAS
Citigroup
Deutsche Bank
Goldman Sachs International
Goodbody
HSBC
ING
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets
Mizuho Securities
Morgan Stanley
NATIXIS
NatWest Markets
Nomura
Société Générale 
Corporate & Investment Banking
UBS Investment Bank
UniCredit

--- Page 2 ---
i
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.
AIB accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of AIB’s 
knowledge, such information is in accordance with the facts and this Base Prospectus makes no omission
likely to affect its import.
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all the documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated herein by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Base Prospectus 
shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are so incorporated and form part of this 
Base Prospectus save as provided herein.
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in any Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment for that investor considering its own circumstances. In 
particular, each potential investor should:
(i)
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, 
the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement;
(ii)
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment 
will have on its overall investment portfolio;
(iii)
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
relevant Notes, including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from 
the potential investor’s currency;
(iv)
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets;
(v)
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect the investor’s investment and its ability 
to bear the applicable risks; and
(vi)
understand the accounting, legal, regulatory and tax implications of a purchase, holding and 
disposal of an interest in the relevant Notes.
Some Notes may be purchased by investors as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, 
measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest 
in any Notes unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) to evaluate 
how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such Notes 
and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio.
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal and any other 
relevant advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) the Notes are investments in which it may 
legally invest, (2) the Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other 
restrictions apply to any purchase or pledge by it of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their 
legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any 
applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, 
or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest rate may affect the secondary 
market in, and the market value of, such Notes. If the Notes are converted from a fixed rate to a floating

--- Page 3 ---
ii
rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any 
time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Notes are converted from a floating rate to a fixed 
rate, the fixed rate in such circumstances may be lower than then prevailing market rates.
The market values of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-
bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the greater the price 
volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities.
Though the NGN and NSS allow for the possibility of Notes, which are specified to be issued as New 
Global Notes, being issued and held in a manner which will permit them to be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit operations or as eligible under 
quantitative easing related bond purchase programmes, by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
or all times during their life, in any particular case, such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria at the relevant time. Neither the Arranger, nor the Dealers, nor any of their 
respective affiliates, nor the Trustee gives any representation as to the eligibility of the Notes pursuant to 
such Eurosystem eligibility criteria.
Bearer or registered form Global Notes that are deposited with a Common Depositary on behalf of the 
ICSDs under the classic global note structure are not eligible for Eurosystem purposes. In addition, Notes 
in definitive form are not eligible for Eurosystem purposes.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Arranger, the Dealers or the Trustee accepts any 
responsibility for the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement, made or purported to 
be made by the Arranger, a Dealer or the Trustee or on its behalf in connection with AIB or the issue and 
offering of Notes under the Programme. The Arranger, each Dealer and the Trustee accordingly disclaim 
all and any liability, whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to above), which 
they might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement.
None of the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any social, environmental and sustainability assessment 
of any Notes issued as Green or Social Bonds or makes any representation, warranty or assurance 
whether such Notes will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding such “green”, “social”
or similar labels. None of the Dealers is responsible for the use of proceeds for any Notes issued as Green 
or Social Bonds, nor the impact or monitoring of such use of proceeds. No representation or assurance is 
given by the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability of any opinion or certification of any third party 
made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green or Social Bonds, nor is any such 
opinion or certification a recommendation by any Dealer to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. In the event 
any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated “green”, 
“environmental”, “sustainable”, “social” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange 
or securities market, no representation or assurance is given by the Dealers that such listing or admission 
will be obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the Notes.
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this 
Base Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility 
as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any 
responsibility for any acts or omissions of AIB or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer) in 
connection with any issue and offering of the Notes under the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than 
those contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or

--- Page 4 ---
iii
made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by AIB, the 
Arranger or any of the Dealers.
This Base Prospectus is not intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not 
be considered as a recommendation by any of AIB, the Arranger or any of the Dealers or any of their 
affiliates that any recipient of this Base Prospectus should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser 
of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary.
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any 
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of AIB and its 
subsidiaries (the “Group”) since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been 
most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position 
of AIB and/or the Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently amended or supplemented. None of the Arranger or the Dealers undertakes to review the 
financial condition or affairs of AIB or any of its subsidiaries during the life of the arrangements 
contemplated by this Programme nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any 
information coming to the attention of any of the Arranger or the Dealers.
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.
A determination will be made in relation to each Tranche about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance 
Rules”), any Dealer in respect of the relevant Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules.
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET -The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
will include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance

--- Page 5 ---
iv
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the “EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the 
Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the “UK MiFIR”); or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the 
Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus 
Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 
2001 of Singapore (as amended, the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise specified before an offer 
of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) 
of the SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 
2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).
AIB and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that Notes 
may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any 
jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for 
facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by AIB or the Dealers 
which would permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, Notes may not be offered or sold, 
directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material 
may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in 
compliance with any applicable laws and regulations.
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of any of the Notes may be restricted by 
law in certain jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by 
AIB, the Arranger and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.
If a jurisdiction requires that an offering of Notes be made by a licensed broker or dealer and any Dealer 
or any affiliate of a Dealer is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, the offering shall be deemed 
to be made by such Dealer or such affiliate on behalf of AIB in such jurisdiction.

--- Page 6 ---
v
In the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA or 
offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum specified denomination shall be at least 
€100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes).
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (the 
“Securities Act”) and include Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject 
to certain exemptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. 
persons. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this 
Base Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale”.
All references in this document to “Ireland” are to the Republic of Ireland, those to the “United 
Kingdom” or “UK” are to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, those to the 
“United States” or “U.S.” are to the United States of America, those to a “Member State” are references 
to a Member State of the EEA, those to “U.S. dollars” and “U.S.$” are to the currency of the United 
States, those to “euro” and “€” are to the single currency adopted by those states participating in the 
European Monetary Union from time to time and those to “Sterling” and “£” are to the currency of the 
United Kingdom.
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of AIB or the Dealers 
to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes.
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) acting as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market 
price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may 
not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at 
any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation 
action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting 
on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.
Any transaction under this Programme shall be carried out in accordance with all applicable laws and 
regulations.

--- Page 7 ---
vi
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page
RISK FACTORS.......................................................................................................................................... 1
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE................................................................................ 46
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION ....................................................................................................... 48
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .................................................................................................. 49
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES........................................................................... 50
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES ........................................................... 99
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ................... 147
USE OF PROCEEDS............................................................................................................................... 153
GREEN BOND FRAMEWORK OVERVIEW ......................................................................................... 154
SOCIAL BOND FRAMEWORK OVERVIEW......................................................................................... 156
AIB GROUP PLC AND THE GROUP..................................................................................................... 158
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 162
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE.................................................................................................................. 166
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS................................................................................................................ 172
GENERAL INFORMATION.................................................................................................................... 187

--- Page 8 ---
1
RISK FACTORS
Investing in the Notes involves certain risks. If any of the risks described below materialise, the Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations could suffer, and the trading price and liquidity of the 
Notes could decline, in which case an investor may lose some or all of the value of its investment. The Issuer 
believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes issued 
under the Programme, but it may be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with 
Notes for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer based on information 
currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate and the Issuer does not represent 
that the statements below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive.
Words and expressions defined in the Conditions or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings 
in this section.
Macroeconomic and Geopolitical Risks
1
Geopolitical developments, particularly in Europe, the United States and elsewhere, could have 
repercussions that could have a negative impact on global economic growth, disrupt markets 
and adversely affect the Group
Geopolitical developments in recent years have given rise to significant market volatility and in certain 
instances have had an adverse impact on economic growth and performance globally. Expectations regarding 
geopolitical events and their impact on the global economy remain uncertain in both the short and medium 
term. The confluence of geopolitical risks, including Brexit (see Risk Factor 3 “—The consequences of the 
UK’s withdrawal from the EU could lead to a deterioration in market and economic conditions in the UK and 
Ireland, which could adversely affect the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects”), tax policy (see Risk Factor 4 “—The Group’s business may be adversely affected by any 
deterioration in Irish, UK or global economic conditions”) and the rise in protectionism in the context of the 
progression of the COVID-19 pandemic (see Risk Factor 2 “—The Group’s business has been and will continue 
to be adversely affected by the economic and social impact of policies designed to contain the spread of COVID–
19 in the Group’s core markets”) has added to this uncertainty.
The increase in public debt levels, necessitated by the fiscal policy response to the pandemic, may trigger a 
reassessment of sovereign risk by market participants. A more protracted and severe economic downturn than 
expected, if coupled with higher sovereign borrowing costs, may result in unsustainable public finances in some 
already highly indebted Member States of the Eurozone and lead to volatile bond yields on the sovereign debt 
of Member States. Initiatives that demonstrate enhanced fiscal solidarity among EU Member States (such as 
the EU Commission’s €750 billion COVID-19 recovery fund and a reinforced long-term budget which was 
agreed by EU leaders on 21 July 2020) and accommodative monetary policy operations of the European Central 
Bank (the “ECB”) could, however, lower such risks. 
Since the start of 2022, the military conflict between the Russian Federation and Ukraine has contributed to 
increases in the prices of energy, oil and other commodities and to volatility in financial markets globally, as 
well as a new landscape in relation to international sanctions. The Group is closely monitoring the rapidly 
developing situation in Ukraine and the potential impact it may have on the Group’s business. The Group has 
negligible direct credit exposure to Ukraine, Russia or Belarus and is closely monitoring payment flows. An 
initial risk assessment of the key impacts on the Group has identified the key risks as being operationalising 
complex sanctions regimes, potential for increase in cyberattacks and financial and market risks arising from 
volatility in asset values, interest rates or foreign exchange markets.

--- Page 9 ---
2
In addition, the emergence of anti-EU and anti-establishment political parties and a rise in separatist and 
protectionist sentiment across the EU may also give rise to further political instability and uncertainty. Brexit 
has also resulted in significant volatility within the European political environment, as described in further 
detail above.
The stability of the power-sharing executive (the “Executive”) in Northern Ireland has been severely tested 
following disagreement regarding the implementation of the Northern Ireland Protocol (the “Protocol”), which 
came into force on 1 January 2021 and which provides for a new arrangement between Northern Ireland and 
Ireland following Brexit regarding the movement of goods at the point of entry into EU’s single market. The 
resignation of the First Minister (and the automatic departure of the Deputy First Minister) on 3 February 2022 
means that the Executive, restored two years ago, can no longer meet and is unable to take significant policy 
decisions. There is now uncertainty over the future of existing political structures in Northern Ireland and a risk 
that civil unrest may occur if a satisfactory resolution of the dispute over the Protocol cannot be reached. The 
uncertainty resulting from these possible future developments may have an adverse impact on economic 
conditions in Northern Ireland and the region, which could in turn have an adverse effect on the Group, given 
its operations there. 
In the United States, more globalist policies of the Democrat administration may result in an easing of trade 
disputes with the EU, although not necessarily with China (given tensions in the recent past over developments 
in Xinjiang, Hong Kong and Taiwan and cyber-attacks on the United States). Furthermore, it is possible that 
the United States may adopt a more conciliatory approach to relations with Iran, for example by re-joining the 
Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action with respect to Iran, which if it does would influence relations between the 
United States and the EU and may have an impact on economic conditions generally.
Given the trade tensions of recent years and the upheaval caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, a further shift 
away from globalisation and a focus on more secure local supply chains remains a risk in the medium-term. As 
Ireland is a highly open economy, with exports comprising a high proportion of GDP, activity could be adversely 
affected with knock-on effects on the Group’s financial performance and profitability. 
The aforementioned geopolitical developments as well as any further developments may adversely affect global 
economic growth, heighten trading tensions and disrupt markets, which could in turn have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
2
The Group’s business has been and will continue to be adversely affected by the economic and 
social impact of policies designed to contain the spread of COVID-19 in the Group’s core 
markets
The spread of a novel strain of coronavirus (i.e. COVID-19) from late December 2019 onwards proceeded at 
such a rapid pace that by March 2020, the World Health Organization (“WHO”) declared COVID-19 to be a 
global pandemic precipitating a public health crisis in Ireland and in the Group’s other core markets. The initial 
stage of the pandemic was marked by episodes of financial market volatility, and a sharp decline in economic 
activity arising from measures introduced by various governments in the markets in which the Group operates, 
to reduce the spread of COVID-19. This resulted in widespread closure of companies and steep rises in the level 
of unemployment.
Nonetheless, over time businesses, households and policymakers have learnt to adapt to the pandemic 
environment such that the re-introduction of social mobility restrictions to counter subsequent waves of new 
infections have had a much smaller economic impact. Experience has shown that economies have bounced back 
relatively quickly, with relatively minor economic ‘scarring’, following the lifting of restrictions on social 
mobility. For example, according to official data from the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and 
Development (“OECD”), economic output returned to pre-pandemic levels in the second quarter of 2021 in

--- Page 10 ---
3
both Ireland and the U.S. (fourth quarter of 2021 in the Euro Area) while AIB expects the UK to exceed this 
threshold in the first quarter of 2022. Labour markets in Ireland and the Euro Area have recovered quicker than 
expected though in its December 2021 Economic Outlook, the OECD do not expect employment in the UK and 
U.S. to recover to more normalised (pre-pandemic) levels until the second and fourth quarter of 2023, 
respectively.
According to the Economic and Social Research Institute (“ESRI”) Quarterly Economic Commentary (Winter 
2021) Modified Domestic Demand is projected to grow by 7.1 per cent. during 2022 (this measure removes 
many of the distortions arising from the activities of multinational firms located in Ireland and is a better gauge 
of underlying economic performance than GDP in an Irish context). An anticipated unwinding of households’ 
large pandemic-related excess savings is expected to support consumer spending. The ESRI also note that the 
strong growth performance of the Irish economy has resulted in a better-than-expected improvement in the 
domestic labour market and they expect the unemployment rate to be at a pre-pandemic low of 5 per cent. by 
the fourth quarter of 2022. Against the background of a more benign economic outlook, uncertainty regarding 
the evolution of the virus nevertheless remains elevated. There is a risk that the impact of COVID-19 on health,
the global economy and financial markets could become more severe once again if vaccine-resistant strains of 
the virus emerge, resulting in further health restrictions and closure of parts of the economies that the Group 
operates in.
The financial stress experienced by customers has been eased, to some degree, by a package of measures 
implemented by the Irish Government. These include inter alia the Employment Wage Subsidy Scheme 
(“EWSS”) which provides a flat-rate subsidy to qualifying employers, based on the number of qualifying 
employees on the payroll and the Pandemic Unemployment Payment (“PUP”) scheme that exceeds regular 
welfare benefits. The Government has announced that the PUP and EWSS schemes will end in early March and 
end-April 2022, respectively. The financial strains caused by the COVID-19 pandemic on the Group’s core 
markets have receded with the Group’s expected credit loss estimates. 
The permanence of any customer behavioural change as a result of the crisis (i.e., an accelerated move to digital 
and appetite for different products and services) is not yet fully measurable. The Group has seen much higher 
levels of usage across its digital channels and significant growth in contactless payments by Irish consumers 
throughout the crisis. In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic has led the Group to modify its operational 
practices, including closing offices, ensuring social distancing in branches and facilitating remote working 
wherever possible.
There is no certainty regarding the duration, severity and lingering effects of the COVID-19 crisis. Any of the 
factors described above could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations in addition to those described above.
For more information on the main risks associated with the COVID-19 pandemic, see Risk Factor 7 “—The 
Group is subject to credit risks in respect of customers and counterparties, including risks arising due to 
concentration of exposures across its loan book, and any failure to manage these risks effectively could have a 
material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects”; Risk Factor 9 
“—Capital implications to ensure minimum coverage levels on long term NPE exposures due to ECB guidance 
may continue to negatively impact the Group’s financial condition”; Risk Factor 12 “—Constraints on the 
Group’s access to liquidity and funding, including a loss of confidence by depositors or curtailed access to 
wholesale funding markets, may result in the Group being required to seek alternative sources of funding 
markets and/or may result in the Group not being able to meet its obligations as they fall due without incurring 
unacceptable costs and being required to seek alternative sources of funding”; Risk Factor 14 “—The Group 
faces risks associated with the level of, and changes in, interest rates, as well as certain other market risks”;
and Risk Factor 18 “—The Group faces operational risks – including change, continuity management, property

--- Page 11 ---
4
protection and insurance risks, which could negatively impact the Group’s business, results of operations, 
financial condition or prospects”.
3
The consequences of the UK’s withdrawal from the EU could lead to a deterioration in market 
and economic conditions in the UK and Ireland, which could adversely affect the Group’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects
On 24 December 2020, the UK and the European Union (“EU”) agreed to the EU-UK Trade and Cooperation 
Agreement (the “TCA”) in connection with the departure of the UK from the EU (commonly known as 
‘Brexit’). The TCA became provisionally applicable from 1 January 2021 and was ratified by the European 
Parliament on 28 April 2021. According to the European Commission, the TCA “sets out preferential 
arrangements in areas such as trade in goods and in services, digital trade, intellectual property, public 
procurement, aviation and road transport, energy, fisheries, social security coordination, law enforcement and 
judicial cooperation in criminal matters, thematic cooperation and participation in Union programmes”. 
However, the TCA does not cover financial services, other than through a general undertaking to ensure the 
implementation and application of internationally agreed standards in the financial services sector for regulation 
and supervision, leaving the decisions of “equivalence” and “adequacy” to be determined by each side 
unilaterally in due course. The TCA does provide for potential future agreements to supplement the TCA and 
to cover further issues including financial services. There is, however, no guarantee that such equivalence 
decisions will be issued by the EU or the UK in the future, or that any extensions or renewals of temporary 
equivalence decisions or similar transitional arrangements will be made by the EU or the UK in the future.
Given the above, the TCA has removed some degree of uncertainty and downside risk for the Irish economy.
Nonetheless, this free trade agreement involves far weaker ties between the EU and the UK compared to the 
Single Market and Customs Union. There remains a risk that Brexit could negatively impact the Group’s 
performance or operations, though such risks are lower than the time prior to the TCA being reached. Trade in 
both goods and services between the EU and the UK is no longer frictionless and will be more costly. The EU 
introduced full customs controls from 1 January 2021. The UK Government is phasing in border controls for 
most imports of goods over 2022.
In the medium to long-run, the negative impact on trade flows, migration and productivity are likely to have 
implications on output in both of the Group’s core markets of Ireland and the UK. The UK’s withdrawal from 
the EU may also lead to a prolonged period of volatility in the pound sterling to euro exchange rates and interest 
rates and, as a result, adversely affect the competitiveness of certain sectors of the Irish economy. Such volatility 
may adversely affect AIB’s operations.
The UK’s withdrawal from the EU may also have an impact on labour market conditions in Ireland. In 
particular, UK-based financial services providers lost EU passporting rights as of 1 January 2021 and such 
providers would have to seek an alternative base for their operations and relocate such operations to other 
jurisdictions, including Ireland, in order to continue to access the EEA market for financial services. Restrictions 
on mobility of personnel could create difficulties for the Group in recruiting and retaining qualified employees, 
both in the UK and Ireland. This may result in heightened competition for suitably qualified employees, which 
could adversely affect the Group’s ability to attract and retain employees.
The legal and regulatory position of the Group’s operations in the UK may also become uncertain following 
Brexit. If UK regulatory capital rules diverge from those of the EU, as a result of future changes in EU law 
which are not mirrored by the UK or vice versa, the Group’s regulatory burden may increase, which likely 
would increase compliance costs. 
4
The Group’s business may be adversely affected by any deterioration in Irish, UK or global 
economic conditions

--- Page 12 ---
5
The Group’s business activities are almost entirely based in the Irish and UK markets. Deterioration in the 
performance of the Irish economy or in the EU, the UK and/or other relevant economies has the potential to 
affect adversely the Group’s overall financial condition and performance. Such deterioration could result in 
reductions in business activity, lower demand for the Group’s products and services, reduced availability of 
credit, increased funding costs, and decreased asset values, including property prices.
Ireland is a small open economy which could be adversely affected by deterioration in UK or global economic 
conditions or an external economic shock. For example, the global health pandemic arising from COVID-19 
(see Risk Factor 2 “—The Group’s business has been and will continue to be adversely affected by the economic 
and social impact of policies designed to contain the spread of COVID–19 in the Group’s core markets”), has 
already triggered a global downturn. A re-escalation of US-China trade tensions, or pre-existing fragilities in 
risky corporate credit and sovereign debt markets could exacerbate an already severe downturn. Moreover, 
future changes in taxation policy and other tax measures introduced by international organisations such as the 
OECD and/or EU and adopted by the Irish or UK Governments, could also result in the loss of new, and some 
existing, foreign direct investment. This may also lead to lower activity in the wider economy (for example, 
consumer spending, tax revenues, etc.), slower growth in new lending and some deterioration in the quality of 
loan portfolios among Irish banks, including AIB (see Risk Factor 5 “—The Group may be adversely affected 
by the budgetary and taxation policies of the Irish, UK and other governments through changes in taxation law 
and policy”). No assurance can be given that the Irish economy or the Group’s business, financial condition,
operating results and prospects would remain immune to any such external deterioration or shock.
A deterioration in the economic and market conditions in which the Group operates could negatively impact 
the Group's income, lead to higher expected credit losses and put additional pressure on the Group to more 
aggressively manage its cost base. This could have negative consequences for the Group to the extent that 
strategic investments are de-scoped or de-prioritised and could increase operational risk. Market conditions are 
also impacted by the competitive environment in which the Group operates.
Any deterioration in the UK economy, whether caused by Brexit (see Risk Factor 3 “—The consequences of the 
UK’s withdrawal from the EU could lead to a deterioration in market and economic conditions in the UK and 
Ireland, which could adversely affect the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects”) or otherwise, could also have an impact on the Group’s business in the UK.
5
The Group may be adversely affected by the budgetary and taxation policies of the Irish, UK 
and other governments through changes in taxation law and policy
Changes in taxation policy and other tax measures adopted by the Irish or UK Governments, or by international 
organisations such as the EU, may have an adverse impact on economic activity generally, or on borrowers’ 
ability to repay their loans which may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of 
operations, financial condition and prospects. For example, the financial performance of the Group may be 
adversely affected by taxation measures introduced by the Irish Government, such as a change in the current
Irish corporation tax rate of 12.5 per cent. As a result of financial support measures in response to the COVID-
19 pandemic, governments may consider future changes to budgetary and taxation policies to address the 
increased burden on public finances, which may have an adverse impact on future economic activity and the 
Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. For example, the UK Finance Act 
2021 increased the UK corporation tax rate from 19 per cent. to 25 per cent. with effect from 1 April 2023.
Changes in Irish and UK taxation will arise from the OECD Base Erosion and Profits Shifting (“BEPS”) project 
and in the case of Ireland, the EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directives (“ATAD”). As regards ATAD, the Irish Finance 
Act 2021 enacted the ATAD interest limitation rules for accounting periods beginning on or after 1 January 
2022. However, the interest limitation rules should not have a material adverse impact on the Group’s financial 
position. In addition, in December 2021, as part of the BEPS project, the OECD published model rules for a

--- Page 13 ---
6
global minimum effective corporation tax rate of 15 per cent. and the EU Commission published a draft 
directive setting out how these model rules should be applied within the EU. Significant uncertainties remain 
in relation to this proposed regime. If it comes into effect, it may result in an increase in the Group’s effective 
tax rate.
In addition to potential impacts from the OECD BEPS project, ATAD and other international initiatives in recent 
years could have impacts on economic activity generally. For example, the various international initiatives in 
relation to the taxation of the digital economy and a global minimum tax on corporate profits, if enacted could 
have a significant impact on a number of companies with a large presence in Ireland. These and any other 
similar actions could result in companies relocating from Ireland or deciding to invest in other jurisdictions, 
which could have an adverse impact on the Irish economy and, as a result, on the Group’s business.
Changes in tax legislation or the interpretation of such legislation, regulatory requirements, accounting 
standards or practices of relevant authorities could also adversely affect the basis for recognition of the value 
of deferred tax assets. In the UK, for instance, legislation was introduced in 2015 and 2016 to restrict the 
proportion of a bank’s taxable profit that can be offset by certain carried forward losses to 50 per cent. and to 
25 per cent., respectively. If similar legislation were to be introduced in Ireland, this could have a further adverse 
impact on the value of the Group’s deferred tax assets, which could adversely affect the Group’s business, 
results of operations, financial condition and prospects. As at 31 December 2021, the Group had €2.8 billion of 
net deferred tax assets on its statement of financial position, substantially all of which related to unused tax 
losses. Currently, it is not possible to determine the impact the proposals for a global minimum effective 
corporation tax rate of 15 per cent. will have on the value of the Group’s deferred tax assets.
Business Risks
6
The Group has a material level of criticised loans and non-performing exposures on its 
statement of financial position and there can be no assurance that it will continue to be 
successful in reducing the level of these loans. The management of criticised loans and non-
performing exposures also gives rise to risks, including the vulnerability to challenge by 
customers and/or third parties, re-default, changes in the regulatory regime, further losses, 
costs and the diversion of management attention and other resources from the Group’s 
business
The Group has a high level of criticised loans and non-performing exposures (“NPEs”), which are defined as 
loans requiring additional management attention over and above that normally required for the loan type. 
Criticised loans are accounts of lower quality and include “criticised watch” and “criticised recovery”, and 
NPEs are accounts which have defaulted. Whilst the level of NPEs increased during 2020 as a direct 
consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic, NPE portfolio sales completed in 2021 have partially offset this 
increase.
As at 31 December 2021, the Group had €3.1 billion in NPEs on its balance sheet representing 5.4 per cent. of 
total gross loans to customers compared to €4.3 billion as at 31 December 2020 (7.3 per cent. of total gross 
loans to customers). The €1.2 billion decrease predominately reflects the sales of non-performing mortgage 
portfolios of €1.0 billion completed during the course of 2021.
In the first quarter of 2021, the Group agreed the sales of two NPE portfolios in deep arrears which has resulted 
in a reduction in NPEs of €0.6 billion. A further NPE portfolio sale of €0.4 billion was executed in the fourth 
quarter of 2021 consisting of a portfolio of loans in long term default
Further NPE reduction continues to remain a priority of the Group given the impact of holding NPEs has on 
the Group’s costs, capital requirements and balance sheet resilience. NPEs are defined by the EBA to include 
material exposures which are more than 90 days past due and/or exposures in respect of which the debtor is

--- Page 14 ---
7
assessed as unlikely to pay its credit obligations in full without realisation of collateral, regardless of the 
existence of any past due amount or the number of days the exposure is past due.
The Group has been proactive in managing its criticised loans and NPEs, in particular through restructuring 
activities and the Mortgage Arrears Resolution Process that was introduced in order to comply with the Central 
Bank’s Code of Conduct on Mortgage Arrears. The management of criticised loans and NPEs also gives rise to 
risks, including the protracted resolution of NPEs, increased levels of re-default, and the diversion of 
management attention and other resources from the business. Any of the foregoing risks could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. Despite the Group making 
significant reductions to the level of criticised loans and NPEs in recent years, the COVID-19 pandemic has 
resulted in an increase of €0.9 billion in both criticised loans and NPEs since 31 December 2019, totalling €7.7 
billion as at 31 December 2021 (compared to €9.0 billion in 2020). While the aforementioned NPE portfolio 
sales have since partially offset this increase the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic will continue to be closely 
monitored throughout 2022. The macroeconomic outlook for 2022 is expected to remain challenging despite 
the easing of COVID-19 government restrictions and as a result there can be no assurance that the Group will 
continue to be successful in reducing the level of its criticised loans and NPEs.
7
The Group is subject to credit risks in respect of customers and counterparties, including risks 
arising due to concentration of exposures across its loan book, and any failure to manage these 
risks effectively could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results 
of operations and prospects 
Risks arising from changes in credit quality and the recoverability of loans and other amounts due from 
customers and counterparties are inherent in a wide range of the Group’s businesses. In addition to the credit 
exposures arising from loans to individuals, small and medium size enterprises (“SMEs”) and corporates, the 
Group also has exposure to credit risk arising from loans to financial institutions, its trading portfolio, 
investment securities, derivatives and from off-balance sheet guarantees and commitments including potential 
obligations due to membership of AIB under certain card schemes. Due to the nature of its business, the Group 
has extensive exposure to the Irish property market, both because of its mortgage lending activities and its 
property and construction loan book. Accordingly, any development that adversely affects the Irish property 
market could have a significant impact on the Group.
As at 31 December 2021, based on geographic concentration of gross loans and advances to customers, 77 per 
cent. of the Group’s loans and advances to customers were in the Republic of Ireland, 15 per cent. in the UK 
and 8 per cent. in other jurisdictions. Also, as at 31 December 2021, residential mortgages represented 51 per 
cent. of gross loans (i.e., loans comprising of all capital outstanding and interest accrued prior to the deduction 
of impairment charges) and advances to customers.
The Group’s monitoring of its loan portfolio is dependent on the effectiveness, and efficient operation, of its 
processes including credit grading and scoring systems and there is a risk that these systems and processes may 
not be effective in evaluating credit quality. If the Group is unable to manage its credit risk effectively, its 
business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects could be materially adversely affected.
The Group’s 2021 annual financial results continue to be impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. However, the 
Group's return to profitability in 2021 reflected a more favourable economic environment and improved credit 
quality. As a result, the Group disclosed a net credit impairment writeback of €238 million for the year ended 
31 December 2021. The key drivers of the ECL writeback in the year were improvements in credit quality and 
stage transfers, along with improvements in the macroeconomic scenarios and weightings. These writebacks 
were partially offset by an increase in post model adjustments in the second half of the year relating to the 
Group's NPE reduction strategy and the Group's decision to maintain a cautious ECL approach in specific 
sectors where evidence of latent risk remains. Based on the Group’s current view of the macroeconomic

--- Page 15 ---
8
scenarios, the Group continues to believe that the ECL approach remains conservative, forward looking and 
comprehensive. The impact on ECLs as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic will continue to be closely 
monitored throughout the first half of 2022 and beyond.
Regulatory and accounting guidance from the EBA, the ECB, the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(the “ESMA”), the Prudential Regulation Authority (the “PRA”) and the International Accounting Standards 
Board has consistently encouraged the application of appropriate judgement in relation to COVID-19 impacted 
customers and confirms that banks’ judgement in determining ECLs under International Financial Reporting 
Standard (“IFRS”) 9 (i.e. a grant of a moratorium) should not in itself result in a movement of exposures 
between IFRS 9 stages due to an automatic trigger of significant increase in credit risk. The Group was 
conscious of this regulatory guidance and this was applied appropriately to its credit exposures throughout 
2021. 
Unexpected events, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, have proven to increase the Group’s credit and other 
risks, for example, the potential for increased chargeback risk arising to the Group out of merchant processing 
services provided by First Merchant Processing (Ireland) DAC (“FMPI”), the Group’s 49.9 per cent. indirectly 
owned associate, and the potential obligations of AIB as card scheme member for FMPI. The Group has 
established a monitoring group which continues to assess the range of possible impacts of the COVID-19 
pandemic, responding accordingly as the situation evolves. Any further impacts on the Group will depend on 
future developments, which remain highly uncertain at present but could potentially continue to materially 
adversely affect the Group’s business, results of operations, financial conditions and prospects.
8
Loan-to-value (“LTV”)/Loan-to-income (“LTI”) related regulatory restrictions on residential 
mortgage lending may restrict the Group’s mortgage lending activities and balance sheet 
growth generally
In 2015, the Central Bank imposed residential mortgage restrictions on Irish residential mortgage lending, under 
the LTV/LTI Regulations, which include LTV rules which set a minimum deposit requirement for the purchase 
of property, and LTI rules which set a maximum residential mortgage value which could be borrowed, measured 
against the borrower’s gross salary. Specific LTV and LTI limits were introduced for purchasers of their
principal dwelling home including separate rules for first-time buyers, as well as those purchasing Buy-to-Let 
properties. These macro-prudential measures are subject to annual review by the Central Bank. The Group was 
compliant across all LTV and LTI regulatory limits in 2021.
The Group’s risk appetite is evolving in response to the emerging impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, with a 
cautious approach to ‘high impact sectors’. The Group will ensure regulatory compliance with Central Bank 
macro-prudential limits, by prioritising consistent and fair customer outcomes over maximising the usage of 
these limits.
The Group needs to ensure that it dedicates sufficient resources, and has the necessary procedures and controls 
in place, to ensure that the exception levels permitted under the regulations are monitored and not breached. 
These restrictions may adversely affect the level of new mortgage lending the Group can undertake and the 
costs of administering its residential mortgage lending, and hence may have a material adverse effect on its 
business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.
9
Capital implications to ensure minimum coverage levels on long term NPE exposures due to 
ECB guidance may continue to negatively impact the Group’s financial condition
The ECB published guidance to banks on NPEs in March 2017. The ECB’s objective in issuing the guidance 
was to drive strategic and operational focus on the reduction of NPEs, together with further harmonisation and 
common definitions of NPEs and forbearance measures. The ECB published the “Addendum to the ECB 
Guidance to banks on non-performing exposures: supervisory expectations for prudential provisioning of non-

--- Page 16 ---
9
performing exposures” in March 2018, which proposed the phasing in of stricter provisioning or capital 
guidance in any future Group Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (“SREP”) if the Group does not 
continue to execute its NPEs deleveraging strategy. On 4 April 2019, the European Council adopted a 
“prudential backstop” for NPEs complementing the existing prudential rules (which was subsequently revised 
in August 2019). The purpose of this requirement is to ensure sufficient coverage for NPEs which could require 
the Group to have higher provision coverage for NPEs in the future or make a deduction from own funds and 
given the quantum of NPEs currently on the Group’s balance sheet this could have a material impact on the 
financial condition or results of operations. As a result of the SREP guidance, the Group incurred a €136 million
CET1 deduction at 31 December 2021 (compared to €0.3 billion in 2020) which reflects the difference between 
the SREP recommended minimum coverage levels on long term NPE exposures and the IFRS 9 ECL NPE 
cover. Continued delivery of the Group’s NPE strategy is key to minimising the impact on capital in 2022.
10
The Group is subject to credit risks arising due to the impact of climate change on the Group’s 
customers such as extreme weather events and the transition to a low carbon economy
Climate risk impacts in terms of the increasing incidence of extreme and unseasonal weather conditions may 
impact certain sectors in the short-term, for example, the agricultural sector. The impact of a longer term 
transition to a low carbon economy may also have an impact on certain sectors (for example extraction industry 
sectors such as oil, gas and mining). The Group currently has limited exposure to what would be considered 
“carbon intensive sectors" within the exploration and extraction sectors, however the impact of climate change 
on the Group’s overall portfolio is as yet unknown, but any such future impact could have a material impact on 
the Group’s financial condition or results of operations.
11
The Group may have insufficient capital to meet increased minimum regulatory requirements 
or to support its business, which could negatively impact its business, results of operations, 
financial condition or prospects
The Group aims at all times to comply with all regulatory capital requirements and to ensure that it has sufficient 
capital to cover the current and future risk inherent in their business and to support its future development. 
Failure to maintain adequate levels of capital and meet minimum regulatory requirements may threaten the 
viability of the Group and may trigger actions by management (under management’s recovery plan for the 
purposes of the Banking Recovery and Resolution Directive (Directive 2014/59/EU as amended by way of 
Directive (EU) 2019/879 (“BRRD II”) (as so amended, the “BRRD”)) or the resolution authority (under relevant 
provisions of the BRRD) to restore the Group to viability which may impact the Group’s operations and/or 
results from financial operations. A lack of sufficient capital to conduct its business activities or meet its 
minimum capital requirements could ultimately lead to the resolution and/or insolvency of the Group.
The Group is subject to minimum capital requirements as set out in Capital Requirements Directive IV 
(Directive 2013/36/EU) (“CRD IV”), the Capital Requirements Directive V (Directive (EU) 2019/878) (“CRD 
V”), which includes amendments to CRD IV (as so amended, “CRD”), and implemented under the Single 
Supervisory Mechanism (“SSM”). AIB’s minimum capital requirement is currently set at 14.75 per cent., 
comprising a Pillar 1 requirement of 8.00 per cent., Pillar 2 requirement (“P2R”) of 2.75 per cent. (of which 
1.55 per cent. must be held in Common Equity Tier 1 (“CET1”)), a Capital Conservation Buffer (“CCB”) of 
2.50 per cent., an Other Systemically Important Institutions (“O-SII”) buffer of 1.50 per cent. and a 
Countercyclical Buffer (“CCyB”) of 0.01 per cent. In addition, the re-introduction of the CCyB has been 
announced at 1 per cent. in December 2022, and 2 per cent. in December 2023. This equates to an estimated 
Group requirement increase of approximately 0.15 per cent. and approximately 0.35 per cent. respectively.
As a result of these and other regulatory requirements, banks in the EU have been, and could continue to be, 
required to increase the quantity and the quality of their regulatory capital. Regulators in other jurisdictions may

--- Page 17 ---
10
in future increase CCyB (reduced to 0 per cent. in rate of interest in response to the COVID-19 crisis in 2020)
or other buffer requirements on banks, such as a systemic risk buffer. 
Given this regulatory context and the levels of uncertainty in the current economic environment, there is a 
possibility that the economic output over the Group’s capital planning period may be materially worse than 
expected and/or that losses on the Group’s credit portfolio may be above forecast levels. Were such losses to be 
significantly greater than currently forecast, or capital requirements for other material risks, such as operating 
or financial risks, to increase significantly, there is a risk that the Group’s capital position could be eroded to 
the extent that it would have insufficient capital to meet all or some of its regulatory requirements and 
expectations and to support the current and future risk inherent in its business and its future development.
In addition to the minimum capital requirements as set out in CRD, the Group’s capital position may also be 
impacted by other regulatory processes, such as the ECB’s Targeted Review of Internal Models (“TRIM”) 
process and calendar provisioning which is a SREP recommendation to ensure minimum coverage levels on 
long term NPE exposures. The difference between the SREP recommended coverage levels and the IFRS 9 
ECL coverage is taken as a CET1 deduction of €136 million as at December 2021. TRIM model related RWA 
increases as at 31 December 2021 reduced CET1 by 0.4 per cent.
12
Constraints on the Group’s access to liquidity and funding, including a loss of confidence by 
depositors or curtailed access to wholesale funding markets, may result in the Group being 
required to seek alternative sources of funding markets and/or may result in the Group not 
being able to meet its obligations as they fall due without incurring unacceptable costs and 
being required to seek alternative sources of funding
Financial/macro-economic/geopolitical volatility is a key risk driver as a negative macro-economic 
environment can lead to market instability and increased liquidity and funding risk. Consequently, the Group’s 
ability to monetise assets (marketable and non-marketable assets) without incurring a loss could be 
compromised amid the market volatility that would exist against such a backdrop. ‘Lower for longer’ interest 
rates will continue to suppress the Group’s profitability.
The Group could be negatively affected by actual or perceived deterioration in the soundness of other financial 
institutions and counterparties. This risk is sometimes referred to as “systemic risk” and may adversely affect 
financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, industry payment systems, clearing houses, banks, securities 
firms and exchanges with whom the Group interacts on a daily basis. This could impact the Group’s ability to 
meet its intraday liquidity requirements as the failure of a market participant to meet its payment, clearing, and 
settlement obligations can have a material impact on connected counterparties, and ultimately lead to systemic 
disruption.
On 30 April 2020 the ECB modified the parameters of the third series of targeted longer-term refinancing 
operations (TLTRO-III) to support the continued access of firms and households to bank credit in the face of 
disruptions and temporary funding shortages associated with the COVID-19 pandemic. This primarily consisted 
of reducing the interest rate applicable on eligible lending, extension of the scheme benchmark period out to 
June 2021 and an increase in the amount that counterparties can borrow from the scheme. To that end, the Group 
participated in this scheme, drawing €4 billion in September 2020 and a further €6 billion in June 2021. In 
addition, the ECB launched a series of additional longer-term refinancing operations called pandemic 
emergency longer-term refinancing operations (“PELTROs”). These operations provide an effective backstop 
after the expiry of the bridge longer-term refinancing operations (“LTROs”). Counterparties participating in 
PELTROs will be able to benefit from the collateral easing measures in place until the end of September 2021. 
There can be no guarantee that the ECB will continue to adopt accommodative monetary policies in the future.

--- Page 18 ---
11
Conditions may arise which would constrain liquidity or funding opportunities for the Group on commercially 
practicable terms over the longer term. Currently, the Group funds its lending activities primarily from customer 
accounts. Consequently, a loss of confidence by depositors in the Group, the Irish banking industry or the Irish 
economy, could ultimately lead to a reduction in the availability and/or increase in the cost of funding or 
liquidity resources. This could impact the Group’s ability to have the necessary resources in place to fund net 
outflows in the major currencies in which it operates which in turn would put added pressure on cross currency 
funding.
The Group’s funding ratios remain robust. As deposits continue to accumulate, the Group’s loan to deposit ratio 
was 69 per cent. at the end of December 2021 and the Group continues to have strong liquidity metrics (liquidity 
coverage ratio of 203 per cent. and net stable funding ratio of 160 per cent.).
Concerns around debt sustainability and sovereign downgrades in the eurozone could impact the Group’s 
deposit base and could impede access to wholesale funding markets, adversely impacting the ability of the 
Group to issue debt securities or regulatory capital instruments to the market. Furthermore, execution risk in 
respect of the Group’s MREL issuance plan may arise in light of unexpected market volatility. The Group’s 
plans for MREL issuance continue to be reviewed to align to the regulatory requirements regarding the BRRD. 
As at 31 December 2021, the Group had an actual MREL ratio of 31.9 per cent. of total risk exposure amount 
(“TREA”), which is in excess of its expected January 2022 intermediate binding target of 27.1 per cent. of 
TREA including the combined buffer requirement of 4 per cent. (the Group’s current MREL ratio based on 
Leverage Ratio Exposure (“LRE”) of 12.8 per cent is also in excess of the Group’s January 2022 intermediate 
binding target of 5.91 per cent.) In December 2021 the SRB determined the MREL for the AIB Group on a 
consolidated basis at the level of its resolution group as 23.91 per cent. of TREA and 7.54 per cent. of LRE, to 
be met by 1 January 2024. A linear build up is assumed from the current regulatory level of 23.1 per cent. of 
TREA and 5.91 per cent. of LRE.
Like all major financial institutions, the Group is also dependent on the short- and long-term wholesale funding 
markets for liquidity. A stable and sustainable customer deposit base has allowed the Group to reduce its 
wholesale funding requirements over the last several years. This, in turn, has facilitated an increase in the 
Group’s unencumbered assets. The Group recognises the restrictions on the transfer of liquidity between 
jurisdictions and separately monitors asset encumbrance by jurisdiction. The Group has also identified certain 
management and mitigating actions which could be considered on the occurrence of a liquidity stress event. 
However, in the unlikely event that the Group exhausted these sources of liquidity it would be necessary to seek 
alternative sources of funding from monetary authorities.
Unexpected events such as the continuing COVID-19 pandemic could lead to a material cut in global economic 
growth. This could lead to a negative impact on supply chains, commodities and a drop in tourism. 
Consequently, market confidence may falter and this could lead to a reduction in liquidity resources and a loss 
in liquidity value of marketable assets. See also Risk Factor 2 “—The Group’s business has been and will 
continue to be adversely affected by the economic and social impact of policies designed to contain the spread 
of COVID–19 in the Group’s core markets”.
Climate change is a risk driver for liquidityand funding. In the event the Group is not fully cognisant of climate 
change-related risks, this may increase costs over the medium to long term (i.e. more significant weather events 
requiring financial intervention or relief could begin to impact on government finances and thereby impacting 
sovereign bond prices). See Risk Factor 10 “— The Group is subject to credit risks arising due to the impact of 
climate change on the Group’s customers such as extreme weather events and the transition to a low carbon 
economy”.
Cyber security is a key risk driver as an increased risk of cyber-attacks on the Group may result in loss of 
customer data and negative media commentary which increases the risk of deposit outflows. See Risk Factor

--- Page 19 ---
12
17 “— The Group may be subject to privacy or data protection failures, cybercrime and fraudulent activity in 
relation to relevant data subject (i.e. customer) personal data, which could result in investigations by regulators, 
liability to data subjects and/or reputational damage, which could negatively impact the Group’s business, 
results of operations, financial condition or prospects”.
Regulatory and legal change is a key risk due to its potential impact on customer behaviours, markets and 
internal Group processes and resources. The ECB issued a series of market notices in the form of frequently 
asked questions “FAQ” outlining ECB supervisory measures in reaction to the COVID-19 pandemic. This 
consisted of, but was not limited to, the postponement of operational aspects of supervision and measures 
concerning capital and liquidity requirements. The ECB indicated that it expects banks to use the positive effects 
coming from these measures to support the economy.
The Group’s MREL target in future years may be impacted by changes in regulatory requirements or other risks 
impacting either the capital requirement or the actual level of capital held (see Risk Factor 11 “—The Group 
may have insufficient capital to meet increased minimum regulatory requirements or to support its business, 
which could negatively impact its business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects”). 
The Group is required to comply with the liquidity requirements of the SSM/Central Bank and also with the 
requirements of local regulators in jurisdictions in which it operates. In addition, the Group is required to carry 
out liquidity stress testing capturing firm specific, systemic risk events and a combination of both. The Group
adheres to these requirements. Additionally, the Group monitors and reports its current and forecast position 
against CRD related (the Liquidity Coverage Requirements, the Net Stable Funding Requirements) and other 
related liquidity metrics.
Additional liquidity requirements or guidance and other requirements, whether based on an interpretation of 
current rules or the application of new rules or guidance being proposed by EU legislators, could be imposed 
on the Group, including as a result of the SREP carried out under the SSM or stress testing by the ECB and the 
EBA. Such additional requirements could include a revision of the level of Pillar 2 add-ons as the Pillar 2 add-
on requirements or guidance are a point-in-time assessment and therefore subject to change over time, or 
changes to the combined buffer requirements applicable. Additional liquidity requirements could lead to 
increased costs for the Group, limitations on the Group’s capacity to lend and further restructuring of the Group 
which could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and/or 
prospects of the Group.
13
Downgrades to the Issuer’s, Ireland’s sovereign or other Irish bank credit ratings or outlook 
could impair the Issuer’s access to private sector funding, trigger additional collateral
requirements and weaken its financial position
If sentiment towards financial institutions operating in Ireland, including the Group, were to deteriorate, or if 
the Group’s ratings and/or the ratings of the sector were to be adversely affected, this may have a materially 
adverse impact on the Group. In addition, any such change in sentiment or further reduction in ratings could 
result in an increase in the costs of, and a reduction in the availability of, wholesale market funding across the 
financial sector which could have a material adverse effect on the liquidity and funding of all Irish financial 
services institutions, including the Group.
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group’s long-term senior unsecured debt is rated BBB- (negative 
outlook) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) (from June 2021), Baa1 from Baa2 (stable outlook) 
by Moody’s Investors Service Limited (“Moody’s”) (from July 2021) and BBB (outlook revised to stable from 
negative outlook) by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”) (from October 2021). Each of S&P and Fitch is 
registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies (as amended, the “EU CRA Regulation”). Moody’s is not

--- Page 20 ---
13
established in the European Union but the credit ratings assigned by Moody’s are endorsed by Moody’s 
Deutschland GmbH, which is established in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation.
Any declines in those aspects of the Group’s business identified by the rating agencies as significant could 
adversely affect the rating agencies’ perception of the Group’s credit and cause them to take negative ratings 
actions. Any downgrade in the Group’s credit ratings could:

adversely impact the volume and pricing of its wholesale funding and its financial position;

trigger material collateral requirements or associated obligations in other secured funding 
arrangements or derivative contracts;

make ineligible or lower the liquidity value of pledged securities and weaken the Group’s competitive 
position in certain markets;

restrict its access to the debt capital and funding markets; and

restrict the range of counterparties willing to enter into transactions with it.
Furthermore, as a consequence of the Group’s operations being focused on the Irish market, any downgrade of 
Ireland’s sovereign credit rating or the perception that such a downgrade may occur, would be likely to depress 
consumer confidence, impair the Group’s access to private sector funding, increase its cost of funding and 
weaken the Group’s financial position. In addition, instability within global financial markets might lead to 
instability in Ireland, which could have a materially adverse impact on the Group’s performance.
14
The Group faces risks associated with the level of, and changes in, interest rates, as well as 
certain other market risks
The following market risks arise in the normal course of the Group's banking business: interest rate risk, credit 
spread risk (including sovereign credit spread risk), foreign exchange rate risk, equity risk and inflation risk.
Unexpected events such as the continuing COVID-19 pandemic can significantly increase market volatility 
which may impact and increase the likelihood and effect of any or all of these risks. Such events typically result 
in a withdrawal of market liquidity and an increase in risk aversion which may result in sharp falls in the prices 
of assets such as equity and fixed income securities and may lead to capital losses on the Group’s trading book 
and through its fair-valued investment securities in its banking book. See also Risk Factor 2 “—The Group’s 
business has been and will continue to be adversely affected by the economic and social impact of policies 
designed to contain the spread of COVID–19 in the Group’s core markets”. The Group's earnings are exposed 
to interest rate risk including basis risk, i.e. an imperfect correlation in the adjustment of the rates earned and 
paid on different products with otherwise similar repricing characteristics. The persistence of exceptionally low 
interest rates for an extended period could adversely impact the Group’s earnings through the compression of 
net interest margin. Inflation influences central interest rate policy. Elevated inflation can affect the affordability 
of the Group’s products to customers in this way. For example, a rise in interest rates due to inflation, without 
sufficient improvements in customers’ earnings levels, could lead to an increase in default or re-default rates 
among customers with variable rate obligations. Widening credit spreads could adversely impact the value of 
the Group’s hold-to-collect-and-sell bond positions.
Trading book risks predominantly result from supporting client businesses with small residual discretionary 
positions remaining. Credit valuation adjustment and funding valuation adjustments to derivative valuations 
arising from customer activity have potentially the largest trading book derived impact on earnings.
Changes in foreign exchange rates, particularly the euro-sterling rate, affect the value of assets and liabilities 
denominated in foreign currency and the reported earnings of the Group’s non-Irish subsidiaries. Any failure to

--- Page 21 ---
14
manage market risks to which the Group is exposed could have a material adverse effect on its business, 
financial conditions and prospects.
15
The Group’s strategy may not be optimal and/or successfully implemented which may 
negatively affect the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects
The Group reviewed its strategy during 2020 and presented the outcome of its review to the market in January 
2022. The review has identified several strategic objectives for its business. The various elements of the Group’s
strategy may be individually unnecessary or collectively incomplete. The Group’s strategy may also prove to 
be based on flawed assumptions regarding the pace and direction of future change across the banking sector. 
The negative effects of the COVID-19 pandemic may have a more detrimental impact on the Group’s resources 
and ability to implement its strategic objectives than currently assumed, including the integration of acquired 
businesses and/or loan portfolios. Finally, the Group may not be successful in implementing its strategy in a 
cost-effective manner. The Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects could be 
materially adversely affected if any or all of these strategy-related risks were to materialise.
The Group operates in competitive markets in Ireland and the UK, with market share and associated profits 
depending on a combination of factors including product range, quality and pricing, reputation, brand 
performance and relative sales and distribution strength, among others.
Medium-term competitive risks include, but are not limited to:

more intense price-based competition from incumbent providers;

an increase in the use of intermediaries in the residential mortgage market;

the emergence of new, lower-cost, competitors in the Irish residential mortgage market, particularly new 
entrants from the Fintech sector;

sustained disintermediation of traditional banks, including the Group, from specialist and generalist 
product lines;

the internationalisation of supply and demand for low-complexity products such as deposits;

the successful establishment of virtual banks; and

the introduction of Directive (EU) 2015/2366 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 25 
November 2015 on payment services in the internal market, which may enable the emergence of 
payment aggregators, which could in turn significantly reduce the relevance of traditional bank platforms 
and weaken brand relationships.
In addition, the Central Bank is focused on the promotion of higher levels of competitive intensity in the banking 
market, in common with regulators in other European jurisdictions. Residential mortgage interest rates in 
Ireland are higher than Eurozone norms and this, together with the low incidence of switching residential 
mortgage providers, is an area of focus for the Central Bank. The entry of bank and non-bank competitors into 
the Group’s markets may put additional pressure on the Group's income streams and/or result in pressure to 
maintain market share, which may lead to reduced pricing and/or increase credit risk, which could have a 
negative impact on the asset quality of the Group’s loan portfolios.
Finally, the Minister holds a circa 71 per cent. shareholding in the Group, and through the relationship 
framework which governs the Group’s day to day engagement with the Minister as a shareholder (the “AIB 
Relationship Framework”), could exert a significant level of influence over the Group. Under the AIB 
Relationship Framework, while the authority and responsibility for strategy and commercial policies (including 
business plans and budgets) and the conduct of the Group’s day-to-day operations rests in all cases with the

--- Page 22 ---
15
AIB Board and its management team, AIB Group plc, and, where relevant, Allied Irish Banks, p.l.c. (“AIB 
Bank”) are required, in connection with certain specified aspects of the Group’s activities, to consult with the 
Minister. The AIB Relationship Framework also grants the Minister the right, at all times, to nominate up to 
two non-executive directors for appointment to the AIB Board.
The composition of the Irish Government is subject to change depending on the ability of the Irish Government 
to arrive at and maintain an agreed position on its programme, policies and actions, the outcome of elections 
for the Oireachtas (being the Irish legislature) and support by the Oireachtas for that programme and those 
policies and actions. Such changes in Irish Government policy may include changes to AIB’s Relationship 
Framework, which could result in a change in Group strategy directly or negatively affect its implementation. 
See also Risk Factor 5 “—The Group may be adversely affected by the budgetary and taxation policies of the 
Irish, UK and other governments through changes in taxation law and policy” on risks to the Group posed by 
changes in government budgetary and taxation policy. 
16
Damage to the Group’s brand or reputation could adversely affect its relationships with 
customers, staff, shareholders and regulators, and negatively impact the Group’s business, 
results of operations, financial condition or prospects
Damage to the Group’s brand or reputation could adversely affect its relationships with customers, staff, 
shareholders and regulators, which may impact on its ability to attract and retain customers and conduct 
business with counterparties. The Group’s relationships with such stakeholders could be adversely affected by 
any circumstance that causes real or perceived damage to the Group’s brands or reputation. In particular, any 
regulatory investigations (such as the Tracker Mortgage Examination), inquiries, litigation, actual or perceived 
misconduct or poor market practice in relation to customer-related issues could damage the Group’s brands 
and/or reputation. Any damage to the Group’s brand and/or reputation could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group’s business, results of operations, financial conditions or prospects.
Governance, Operations and Internal Controls
17
The Group may be subject to privacy or data protection failures, cybercrime and fraudulent 
activity in relation to relevant data subject (i.e. customer) personal data, which could result in 
investigations by regulators, liability to data subjects and/or reputational damage, which could 
negatively impact the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects
The Group processes significant volumes of personal data relating to relevant data subjects (i.e. customers)
(including name, address, identification and banking details) as part of its business, some of which may also be 
classified under legislation as special category personal data. The Group therefore must comply with strict data 
protection and privacy laws and regulations, including the European Communities (Electronic Communications 
Networks and Services) (Privacy and Electronic Communications) Regulations 2011, as amended (the 
“ePrivacy Regulations”), Regulation 2016/679 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing 
of personal data and on the free movement of such data (the “GDPR”) and the Data Protection Act 2018. The 
GDPR introduced substantial changes to data protection law, including an increased emphasis on businesses 
being able to demonstrate compliance with their data protection obligations, which required significant 
investment by the Group in its compliance strategies. In addition, relevant supervisory authorities are given the 
power to issue fines of up to 4 per cent. of an undertaking’s annual global group turnover or €20 million 
(whichever is the greater) for failure to comply with certain provisions of the GDPR. The Presidency of the 
Council of the European Union released revised text of the proposed new ePrivacy Regulation (Regulation 
concerning the Respect for Private Life and the Protection of Personal Data in Electronic Communications and 
Repealing Directive 2002/58/EC (Regulation on Privacy and Electronic Communications)) on 6 March 2020.

--- Page 23 ---
16
The Group also faces the risk of a breach in security of its systems, for example, from increasingly sophisticated 
attacks by cybercrime groups. The Group’s data protection policy is part of the Compliance Risk Management 
Framework and defines the Group’s approach to the effective management of its data protection risks. The 
policy aims to ensure that the Group complies with the spirit and the letter of all laws, codes and regulations 
that apply to the Group in relation to data protection and privacy laws. This policy applies to all staff,
contractors, consultants, agents or other third parties which have access to personal data either directly or 
indirectly, in the capacity of a data controller and/or data processor. In addition, the Group continues to enhance 
security measures to help prevent cybercrime. Notwithstanding such efforts, the Group is exposed to the risk 
that relevant data subject personal data could be wrongfully appropriated, lost or disclosed, stolen or processed 
in breach of data protection and privacy laws and regulations including as a result of human error. 
The Group relies on remote access services through the internet, or otherwise, by relevant data subjects 
including customers, employees and third-party service providers, and these services have seen increased use 
as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Failure of any of the foregoing parties to access the Group’s systems 
on a systemic or large-scale basis could impact the Group’s ability to operate. Remote access also increases 
inherent exposure to cybercrime, systems compromises or information leaks, in spite of any information 
security technology, protocols, policies or other controls which may be in place.
The impact on the Group’s Operational Risk profile, resulting from the future of work/hybrid remote working 
arrangement, continues to be assessed. To date any impact on the operational capacity of the Group to deliver 
services to relevant data subjects has been in line with expectations.
Any of the abovementioned events could result in the loss for the Group of the goodwill of its customers and 
deter new customers from availing of the services and products provided by the Group, which could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operation and prospects.
18
The Group faces operational risks – including change, continuity management, property 
protection and insurance risks, which could negatively impact the Group’s business, results of 
operations, financial condition or prospects
Operational risk is the risk arising from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems, or from 
external events. This includes legal risk – the potential for loss arising from the uncertainty of legal proceedings 
and potential legal proceedings.
Examples of the types of risks that the Group faces in this regard include, but are not limited to:
Change Risk: The Group’s business processes are subject to ongoing change as a result of both changes in the 
way in which it interacts with customers and as a result of the implementation of mandatory changes as a result 
of new or changed regulatory requirements. Careful monitoring of the scope and scale of ongoing change across 
the Group is required to ensure that ongoing change does not impact its operational risk profile. For example, 
a failure of the Group to effectively implement new processes to accommodate new regulatory requirements, 
could result in a regulatory sanction and reputational damage.
Continuity & Resilience Risk: The current or prospective risk that critical business services operated by the 
Group, cannot be maintained or recovered in a timely fashion, in the event of a disruption, could have an adverse 
effect on the Group’s results and on its ability to deliver appropriate customer outcomes or to achieve 
organisational objectives. 
Examples of such events could be the improper functioning of information technology and/or communications 
systems as a result of technical failures, human error, unauthorised access, cybercrime, natural hazards or 
disasters, including climate events or similarly disruptive events.

--- Page 24 ---
17
Physical Safety & Property Risk: The Group’s provision of products and services are dependent on staff and 
property infrastructure. The current or prospective risk of the loss or damage to the Group's property assets as 
well as the safety of staff and customers could affect the performance of these services negatively impacting its 
business, financial condition or prospects. For example, the Group is reliant on its branch network to distribute 
its products and a small number of key locations provide back-office services. Damage to any of these properties 
could impact the Group’s business or result in additional financial costs.
The Group has made a number of changes to how staff and property infrastructure are managed, including the 
introduction of a hybrid working model for staff working remotely and buildings being suitably configured in 
line with Government guidelines. If the hybrid working model is not managed appropriately, it could lead to 
disengagement of staff from on-going activities, ultimately resulting in a diminished service to customers. The 
on-going situation is kept under review as we return to the office environment.
Products and Proposition Risk: The Group looks to develop appropriate products and propositions. The 
current or prospective risk resulting from poor risk assessment, inappropriate governance, or inadequate 
approach to products and propositions at the point of development, introduction, or at through-the-lifecycle 
reviews could affect the performance of these services. The Group provides products which are covered by 
consumer protection legislation. A failure to meet regulatory standards in consumer protection and/or customer 
needs, could result in regulatory sanction and take a significant amount of resources to rectify, such as the 
Tracker Mortgage Examination. This could have an adverse effect on the Group’s results and on its ability to 
deliver appropriate customer outcomes or to achieve its organisational objectives.
Fraud Risk: The current or prospective fraud risks relate to and may result from the dishonest and false 
representation by any person, internal, external or third parties including acts or omissions with the intention to 
make gain or cause loss. This encompasses acts of theft which may be directly from the Group or from the 
Group’s customers. Theft from the Group’s customers could result in financial loss and compensation payments 
and may also result in regulatory sanction, should it be established that the theft was a result of the Group’s 
inadequate internal controls. This could have an adverse effect on the Group's results and on its ability to deliver 
appropriate customer outcomes or to achieve organisational objectives.
Third Party Risk: The Group outsources a number of activities to outsource service providers and has a wide 
range of 3rd Party suppliers from which it procures services. The Group relies on a number of these providers 
for the provision of critical activities in serving customers. If these providers do not perform their services or 
fail to provide services to the Group or renew their licences with the Group, the Group’s business could be 
disrupted and it could incur unforeseen costs and reputational damage. There is an active Third Party 
Management process in the Group which manages these risks and looks specifically at on-going performance 
of suppliers and risks arising from any concentrations that may arise. The Group is engaged with key suppliers 
to ensure on-going service capacity and any contingency plans are in place. Service from suppliers has remained
consistent and in line with previous periods.
Information Security (including Cyber) Risk: The Group faces risk associated with financial loss, disruption
or damage to the reputation of the organisation from failure, unauthorised or erroneous use of its information 
systems.
IT Risk: The Group is reliant on its technical infrastructure for the provision of systems and services to support 
critical processes and operations. The failure of production infrastructure, applications, networking, storage, 
information assets and resources, and all supporting components, processes and procedures could have an 
adverse effect on the Group’s ability to deliver services to customers and to achieve organisational objectives.
Data Risk: The Group faces risks associated with failing to appropriately manage and maintain data. This could 
have an adverse effect on quality or accessibility of the data, resulting in poor decision making and inaccurate 
or inadequate internal and external reporting.

--- Page 25 ---
18
Legal Risk: The Group faces the risk of sanctions, material financial loss or loss to reputation as a result of 
failure to comply with new or existing laws, changes to laws, as a result of a defective transaction, disputes or 
litigation by or against the Group and failure to take appropriate measures to protect intellectual property and 
its real estate assets.
The Group maintains insurance policies to cover a number of risk events. These include financial policies 
(comprehensive crime/computer crime, professional indemnity/civil liability, employment practices liability, 
and directors’ and officers’ liability) and a suite of general insurance policies to cover such matters as property 
and business interruption, terrorism, combined liability and personal accident. There can be no assurance, 
however, that the level of insurance the Group maintains is appropriate for the risks to its business or adequate 
to cover all potential claims.
19
If a poor or inappropriate culture develops across the Group’s business, this may adversely 
impact its performance and impede the achievement of its strategic goals
The Group must continually develop and promote an appropriate culture that drives and influences the activities 
of its business and staff and its dealings with customers in relation to managing and taking risks and ensuring 
risk considerations continue to play a key role in business decisions. It is senior management’s responsibility 
to ensure that the appropriate culture is embedded throughout the organisation. As was demonstrated by many 
banks during the financial crisis, if an inappropriate culture develops, then a strategy or course of action could 
be adopted that results in poor customer outcomes. If the Group is unable to maintain an appropriate culture, 
this could have a negative impact on the Group’s business, result of operations, financial condition and 
prospects.
20
The Group may be unable to recruit and retain appropriately skilled and experienced 
management and staff which could have a negative impact on the Group’s business, result of 
operations, financial condition and prospects
The Group may be unable to recruit and retain appropriately skilled and experienced staff to ensure the stability 
of the business in the long-term. In particular the Group is restricted in the remuneration it can offer to senior 
management which creates a risk that the Group may not be able to attract and retain the right skills and 
experience within key senior management roles. The Group’s performance is heavily dependent on the talents 
and efforts of highly skilled individuals, and the continued ability of the Group to compete effectively and 
implement its strategy depends on its ability to attract new employees and retain and motivate existing 
employees.
Under the terms of the recapitalisation of the Group by the Irish Government, the Group is required to comply 
with certain executive pay and compensation arrangements, including a cap on salaries as well as a ban on 
bonuses and similar incentive-based compensation applicable to employees of Irish banks who have received 
financial support from the Irish Government. As a result of these restrictions, as well as the limits on certain 
types of remuneration paid by credit institutions and investment firms set forth in CRD, and in the increasingly 
competitive markets in Ireland and the UK, the Group may not be able to attract, retain and remunerate highly 
skilled and qualified personnel, and any such failure to so attract could have a material impact on the Group’s 
financial condition or results of operations.
21
A deterioration in employee relations could adversely affect the Group’s business, result of 
operations, financial condition and prospects
A significant proportion of the Group’s employees are members of trade unions. The Group adheres to 
established industrial relations mechanisms in each jurisdiction in which the Group operates. The Group seeks 
to ensure transparency, fairness and collaboration in all its dealings with employees. In the event that the Group

--- Page 26 ---
19
becomes subject to industrial action or other labour conflicts, including strikes or other forms of industrial 
actions, this may lead to a reduced level of service provided by the Group to its customers, which may result in 
reputational damage impacting its business result of operations, financial condition and prospects.
22
The Group uses models across many of its activities and if these models prove to be inaccurate, 
or are used incorrectly then the Group’s management of risk may be ineffective or 
compromised and/or the value of its financial assets and liabilities may be overestimated or 
underestimated
The Group uses models across many, though not all, of its activities including, but not limited to, capital 
management, credit grading, loan loss provisioning, valuations, liquidity, pricing and stress testing. The Group 
also uses financial models to determine the fair value of derivative financial instruments, financial instruments 
through profit or loss, certain hedged financial assets and financial liabilities and financial assets at fair value 
through other comprehensive income. Since the Group uses risk measurement models based on historical 
observations, there is a risk that it underestimates or overestimates exposure to various risks to the extent that 
future market conditions deviate from historical experience. Furthermore, as a result of evolving regulatory 
requirements, the importance of models across the Group’s business has been heightened and their importance 
may continue to increase, in particular because of reforms introduced by the Basel Committee on Banking 
Supervision. If the Group fails to identify a model or if the Group’s models do not accurately estimate its 
exposure to various risks, it may experience unexpected losses. The Group may also incur losses, for example,
as a result of decisions made based on inaccuracies in the build or implementation of these models, as a result 
of poor data quality or an incomplete understanding by users. Model risk levels may also rise as a result of a 
significantly changing environment, as models are built using historical data. Models are kept under regular 
review to ensure that they remain representative of the current environment. For example, a model factor 
selected at development may no longer be a key driver in the current environment.
If the Group’s models are not effective in estimating its exposure to various risks or determining the fair value 
of its financial assets and liabilities or if its models prove to be inaccurate, its business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected.
The Group’s credit models are subject to ongoing regulatory reviews and inspections, which may give rise to 
additional capital requirements, replacement of internal ratings-based (“IRB”) models with a standardised 
approach or reputational risk for the Group.
The Group requires approval from the ECB in order to implement new IRB models or to change existing 
approved IRB models. It is also subject to reviews and inspections from the ECB and other regulatory bodies 
in relation to the models.
23
The Group is subject to the risk that the funding position of its defined benefit pension schemes 
could deteriorate, requiring it to make additional contributions
The Group faces the risk that the funding position of its defined benefit pension schemes will deteriorate, 
requiring it to make additional contributions, adversely affecting its capital position. The Group maintains a 
number of defined benefit pension schemes for current and former employees. All defined benefit schemes were 
closed to future accruals from 31 December 2013 and staff transferred to defined contribution schemes for 
future pension benefits. In relation to these schemes, the Group faces the risk that the funding position of the 
schemes will deteriorate over the longer term. This may require the Group to make additional contributions 
above what is already planned to cover its pension obligations towards current and former employees. 
Furthermore, pension deficits as reported are a deduction from capital under CRD. Accordingly, any increase 
in the Group’s pension deficit may adversely affect its capital position. There could also be a negative impact 
on industrial relations if the funding level of the schemes were to deteriorate.

--- Page 27 ---
20
Each scheme has a separate trustee board and the Group has agreed funding plans to deal with deficits where 
they exist. As part of any funding agreement, the Group engages with each trustee regarding an appropriate 
investment strategy to reduce the risk in that scheme. Irish schemes that are deemed to have a deficit under the 
funding standard as provided under Section 44 of the Pensions Act 1990, as amended (the “Funding Standard”)
must prepare funding plans to address this situation in a timely manner and submit them to the Irish Pensions 
Authority for approval.
Independent actuarial valuations of the AIB Group Irish Pension Scheme and the AIB Group UK Pension 
Scheme are carried out on a triennial basis by the schemes’ actuary, Mercer. The most recent valuation of the 
Irish scheme was carried out on 30 June 2018 and reported the scheme to be in surplus. The next actuarial 
valuation of the Irish scheme on 30 June 2021 is due to be completed by no later than 31 March 2022. No deficit 
funding is anticipated at this time as the Irish scheme continues to meet the Funding Standard. The most recent 
valuation of the UK scheme was carried out on 31 December 2017. The next actuarial valuation of the UK 
scheme on 31 December 2020 is due to be completed by no later than 31 March 2022. 
In December 2019, the Group agreed a revised funding arrangement for the UK scheme with the scheme trustee 
to support the purchase of the pensioner buy-in policy in respect of the pensioner members and an assured 
payment policy (“APP”) in respect of the deferred members. A contribution of £18.5 million was made in 2021. 
Under this funding arrangement, the Group also expects to make payments of £18.5 million each year during 
2022 to and 2023, with a final balancing payment which, based on the latest estimate provided by the insurer, 
is currently expected to be approximately £60 million, to be made between 2024 and early 2025. The final 
balancing payment could increase or decrease depending on movements in market conditions and insurer 
pricing as well as potential corrections to membership data that might subsequently be identified.
Pension risk is monitored and controlled in line with the requirements of the Group’s pension risk framework
and policy. The surplus or deficit is monitored on a monthly basis by the Group’s risk team and is currently 
reported monthly in both the financial risk report to the Group Assets and Liability Committee (“ALCo”) and 
the Group Chief Risk Officer (“CRO”) report. A pension capital at risk exposure is assessed on a monthly basis 
and is reported versus a “Group Risk Appetite Statement” watch trigger in the CRO report. Pension risk is also 
included in the quarterly internal stress test. The output of quarterly stress tests is reviewed by ALCo and on an 
annual basis a report on the internal capital adequacy assessment process is produced which is a comprehensive 
analysis of the Group’s capital position in base and stress scenarios over a three year horizon. This document 
is reviewed and approved by the Board and is submitted to the ECB/Central Bank Joint Supervisory Team. 
While the Group has taken certain risk mitigating actions, a level of volatility associated with pension funding 
remains due to potential financial market fluctuations and possible changes to pension and accounting 
regulations.
Regulatory and Legal Risks
24
The Group is required to comply with a wide range of laws and regulations. The constantly 
evolving and increasing complex legal and regulatory landscape significantly increases the 
risks associated with compliance with such laws and regulations. If the Group fails to comply 
with these laws and regulations, it could become subject to regulatory actions
A failure by the Group to comply with all applicable laws, regulations, rules, standards and codes of conduct 
may result in regulatory sanctions, material financial loss or loss to reputation.
The legal and regulatory landscape in which the Group operates is constantly evolving and the risks associated 
with compliance with laws and regulations is increasing. As new laws or regulatory schemes are introduced, 
the Group may be required to invest significant resources in order to comply with the new legislation or 
regulations. Furthermore, the laws and regulations to which the Group is already subject could change as a

--- Page 28 ---
21
result of changes in interpretation or practice by courts, regulators or other authorities, resulting in higher 
compliance costs and resource commitments, and/or a failure by the Group to implement the necessary changes 
to its business within the time period specified.
The Issuer (which is the parent company of the Group) is incorporated and has its head office in Ireland. While 
the Central Bank continues to regulate certain areas of the Group’s business, including consumer protection in 
Ireland, it is the ECB (together with support from the Central Bank) that has primary responsibility for the 
prudential supervision of the Group. The Group faces risks associated with an uncertain and rapidly evolving 
prudential regulatory environment, pursuant to which it is required, among other things, to maintain adequate 
capital resources and to satisfy specified capital ratios at all times. The Group’s borrowing costs and capital 
requirements could be affected by prudential regulatory developments, including the CRD IV and CRD V, the 
Capital Requirements Regulation II (Regulation (EU) 2019/876) (“CRR II”) which includes amendments to the 
Capital Requirements Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013) (as so amended, the “CRR”) and 
amendments which have been made to the BRRD. The agreed text was published in the Official Journal on 7 
June 2019. CRD V and BRRD II have been transposed into Irish law with the majority of provisions applying 
from 28 December 2020. CRR II has applied since 28 June 2021.
On 28 April 2020, the European Commission proposed certain legislative amendments in order to maximise 
the ability of banks to lend and absorb losses related to the COVID-19 pandemic and alleviate the immediate 
impact of COVID-19 developments. The amendments were proposed in a draft Regulation of the European 
Parliament and of the Council amending Regulations (EU) No 575/2013 and (EU) 2019/876 as regards certain 
adjustments in response to the COVID-19 pandemic (the “CRR Amendment Regulation”). The measures 
include adapting the timeline of the application of IFRS 9 on a bank’s capital and modifying the method of 
excluding certain exposures from the calculation of the leverage ratio. The European Commission also proposed 
to advance the date of application of agreed measures that change the regulatory treatment of certain salary and 
pension backed loans and prudently valued software and incentivise banks to finance small and medium sized 
enterprises and infrastructure projects. On 19 June 2020, the European Parliament adopted the CRR 
Amendment Regulation. The CRR Amendment Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 2020/873) became applicable 
on 27 June 2020.
It is also possible that additional capital and liquidity requirements or guidance and other requirements, whether 
based on an interpretation of current rules or the application of new rules or guidance proposed by EU 
legislators, could be imposed on the Group. Such an instance may occur as a result of the SREP carried out 
under the SSM or stress testing by the ECB and the EBA. Additional requirements could include a revision of 
the level of Pillar 2 add-ons, as the Pillar 2 add-on requirements or guidance are a point-in-time assessment and 
could therefore be subject to change over time, or changes to the combined buffer requirements applicable. See 
Risk Factor 11 “—The Group may have insufficient capital to meet increased minimum regulatory requirements 
or to support its business, which could negatively impact its business, results of operations, financial condition 
or prospects”.
The Group also faces risks and challenges due to interest rate benchmark reform, replacement of LIBOR (from 
1 January 2022, publication of most LIBOR settings ended), reform of EURIBOR and discontinuation of 
EONIA. For example, conduct risk could arise for the Group as a result of changes to customers’ terms and 
conditions for banking products that reference discontinued interest rate benchmarks. For further detail 
regarding changes to benchmarks, see Risk Factor 47 “—The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may 
adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing such “benchmarks””.
The EBA Guidelines on Loan Origination and Monitoring have applied since 30 June 2021, with further dates 
for regulatory implementation in 2022 and 2024, and specify the internal governance arrangements for granting 
and monitoring of credit facilities throughout their lifecycle. A programme has been mobilised within the Group 
to oversee the implementation of these guidelines which aim to ensure that institutions have robust and prudent

--- Page 29 ---
22
standards for credit risk taking, management and monitoring, and that newly originated loans are of high credit 
quality.
The Group is subject to the Central Bank macro-prudential measures which are subject to annual review and 
therefore could create further lending restrictions, increasing existing deposit financing thresholds for 
borrowers. See Risk Factor 8 “—Loan-to-value (“LTV”)/Loan-to-income (“LTI”) related regulatory 
restrictions on residential mortgage lending may restrict the Group’s mortgage lending activities and balance 
sheet growth generally”.
NPEs are expected to increase in the short term as the impact of the COVID-19 crisis on the real Eurozone 
economy intensifies and banks will need to address this challenge effectively. The new EU regulation on the 
minimum coverage for NPEs, as well as the ECB’s guidance on expectations for the provisioning of new NPEs 
should facilitate the disposal of NPEs further down the line, if required. The Group’s regulators have stated that 
banks should be incentivised to build up their provisions as early as possible, thus preventing larger losses at a 
later stage. The Group has put in place a conservative, forward looking and comprehensive provisioning 
approach and intends to manage NPEs in accordance with its regulatory obligations.
In addition to the above, the Group is also subject to regulatory reviews, such as those on the residential 
mortgage and retail banking sectors. Such reviews may require the Group to modify its business to satisfy new 
or amended regulatory requirements. 
To support the effectiveness of bail-in and other resolution tools, Article 130(1) of the BRRD requires that from 
1 January 2016 Member States apply the BRRD’s provisions requiring EU credit institutions and certain 
investment firms to maintain MREL, subject to the provisions of the MREL regulatory technical standards.
The MREL requirements are determined on a case-by case basis taking into account (i) resolvability; (ii) capital 
adequacy; (iii) sufficiency of eligible liabilities; (iv) participation in a deposit guarantee scheme; (v) business 
risks (business model, funding, risk profile); and (vi) systemic risk (interconnectedness). The SRB has provided 
the Group with its default formula for the MREL target calibration under the new BRRD II legislative 
framework to be complied with by 1 January 2022. The Group continues to monitor changes in MREL 
requirements together with developments in the SRB’s MREL policy, which has the potential to impact the 
Group’s MREL target.
In addition and in the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic, future changes to the Group’s capital requirements 
may also impact the Group’s MREL requirements. See Risk Factor 12 “—Constraints on the Group’s access 
to liquidity and funding including a loss of confidence by depositors or curtailed access to wholesale funding 
markets, may result in the Group being required to seek alternative sources of funding markets and/or may 
result in the Group not being able to meet its obligations as they fall due without incurring unacceptable costs 
and being required to seek alternative sources of funding”.
The Group operates in the UK through its subsidiary, AIB Group (UK) p.l.c. The Group must comply with the 
FCA’s conduct of business rules in so far as they apply to its business carried out in the UK. In the US, the 
Group is subject to federal and state banking and securities law supervision and regulation as a result of the 
banking activities conducted by AIB Bank’s branch in New York. Thus, the Group is required to design and 
implement policies that ensure compliance with legislation promulgated by the FCA and the Prudential 
Regulatory Authority in the UK and the relevant regulatory authorities in the US. 
Failure by the Group to meet regulatory expectations, including in relation to governance, behaviour and 
culture, or repeated breaches of regulation could adversely impact regulatory confidence in how the Group 
conducts its business. Failure to engage appropriately with regulators, risks damaging relations with statutory 
authorities, and could lead to increased regulatory oversight, intrusive supervision and/or restrictions in the

--- Page 30 ---
23
Group’s authorisations curtailing its ability to operate some of its business. These outcomes could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
Group entities are required to submit data and information to regulatory authorities on a scheduled or ad hoc 
basis which are necessary for effective regulatory oversight and supervision. There is a risk that some data 
required to complete the returns, some of which is required to be manually populated, may not be sufficiently 
reliable. This could result in inaccurate returns being provided to regulatory authorities or submissions of returns 
being delayed. If any failings in regulatory reporting existed and were to be considered as material by regulatory 
authorities, it could result in the Group being subject to sanction or fines for failure to provide accurate returns 
or failure to submit returns within required timeframes, reputational damage and the Group being required to 
conduct data rectification.
There is also a risk that pressures from the media, consumer groups and/or politicians could influence the agenda 
of the ECB, the Central Bank, the FCA or the PRA. For instance, a wide-ranging review of competition within 
the Irish mortgage sector by the Competition and Consumer Protection Commission of Ireland (“CCPC”) took 
place in 2017 as part of the programme for the Irish Government (a similar review having been completed on 
the UK banking sector in 2016), and in June 2017, the CCPC published its report on “options for the Irish 
mortgage market”. The report, which followed an extensive public consultation process outlined a range of 
options and areas for further study to assist the Irish Government develop a better-functioning, competitive and 
stable mortgage market. The issues of “mortgage switching behaviour” and “consumer attitudes to switching” 
were some of the areas identified in the report as requiring further regulatory focus. In this regard, in August 
2017, the Central Bank published a consultation paper entitled “Enhanced Mortgage Measures: Transparency 
and Switching” proposing to amend the Consumer Protection Code 2012 (“CPC”) by introducing enhanced 
transparency measures for fixed rate interest rate mortgage holders. In June 2018, the Central Bank, having 
considered the responses received from the published consultation paper announced that it proposed to 
introduce new and amend certain existing provisions of the CPC to give effect to these enhanced protections 
by publishing an addendum to the CPC which became effective from 1 January 2019.
In July 2018, the Central Bank published the outputs of its review of behaviour and culture in the five main 
retail banks in Ireland, including the Group. The report recommends the introduction of legislation to support 
an individual accountability framework, which would set conduct standards for staff and ensure clearer lines of 
accountability within firms. As a part of such regulatory reviews as those on the mortgage and retail banking 
sectors, as well as the introduction of the Senior Executive Accountability Regime in Ireland, the Group may 
be required to modify its business and the pricing of its products to satisfy new or amended regulatory 
requirements.
Adverse regulatory action or adverse judgments in litigation could result in a monetary fine or penalty, adverse 
monetary judgment or settlement and/or restrictions or limitations on the Group’s operations or result in a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s reputation. The Group may settle litigation or regulatory proceedings 
prior to a final judgment or determination of liability to avoid the cost, management efforts, negative business, 
regulatory or reputational consequences of continuing to contest liability, even when the Group believes that it 
has no liability or when the potential consequences of failing to prevail would be disproportionate to the costs 
of settlement. Furthermore, the Group may, for similar reasons, reimburse counterparties for their losses even 
in situations where the Group does not believe that it is legally compelled to do so.
Additionally, the Group may be subject to future regulatory requirements related to sustainable finance. 
“Sustainable finance” generally refers to the process of taking due account of environmental and social 
considerations when making investment decisions, leading to increased investment in longer-term and 
sustainable activities. The threat and consequences of climate change has necessitated a strong focus on 
legislative change promoting sustainability at EU level.

--- Page 31 ---
24
These legislative proposals and requirements include:
-
introducing a ‘green supporting factor’ in the EU prudential rules for banks;
-
amendments to MiFID II and the Insurance Distribution Directive to include sustainability considerations 
into the advice offered to individual clients;
-
the EBA Guidelines on Loan Origination and Monitoring which require institutions that originate or plan 
to originate green credit facilities to develop specific green lending policies and procedures covering 
granting and monitoring of such credit facilities, which have applied since 30 June 2021;
-
EU Regulation on Sustainability-Related Disclosures in the Financial Services Sector (“SFDR”) which has 
applied since 10 March 2021 and Irish SI No. 146/2021 enacted on 29 March 2021 which gave effect to 
certain provisions under the SFDR; and
-
taxonomy/ EU labels for green financial products establishing a classification system and a list of 
environmentally sustainable economic activities.
There is a risk that the Group, which will be impacted by each of the above proposals, will not engage the 
requisite expertise to direct the implementation of these changes or that the required expertise will not be readily 
available. Failure to implement this comprehensive package of measures successfully and within the required 
timeframes could result in regulatory sanction, reputational damage and competitive disadvantage as a result of 
not having available suitable products being sought by customers. The Group would also risk mis-selling by its 
possible failure to provide suitable products to match a consumer’s environmental preferences.
25
The Group is subject to increasing regulation and supervision following the introduction of 
the Single Supervisory Mechanism and the bank recovery and resolution framework, which 
may strain its resources
A significant number of new regulations have been issued by the various regulatory authorities that regulate the 
Group’s business in the recent past. The Eurozone’s largest banks, including the Group, came under the direct 
supervision of, and are deemed to be authorised by, the ECB since the introduction on 4 November 2014 of the 
SSM. 
The main aims of the SSM are to ensure the safety and soundness of the European banking system and to 
increase financial integration and stability in Europe. 
A Single Resolution Mechanism (“SRM”) has been introduced, including an SRB, which focuses on resolution 
planning and enhancing resolvability, to avoid the potential negative impacts of a bank failure on the economy 
and financial stability. The requirements of the SRM are set out in the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of 15 July 2014) (the “SRM Regulation”) and the BRRD. The SRM Regulation 
has been fully applicable from 1 January 2016 and the SRB has also been fully operational since that date. The 
BRRD has been implemented in Ireland pursuant to the European Union (Bank Recovery and Resolution) 
Regulations 2015 (as amended) and the BRRD II has been implemented in Ireland pursuant to the European 
Union (Bank Recovery and Resolution) (Amendment) Regulations 2020 (together, the “BRRD Regulations”). 
The establishment of the SRM is designed to ensure that supervision and resolution are exercised at the same 
level for countries that share the supervision of banks within the SSM. The single resolution fund will be 
financed by bank levies raised at national level. Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of 20 May 2019, amending the SRM 
Regulation, applied from 28 December 2020.
The overarching goal of the bank recovery and resolution framework established by the BRRD/SRM package 
is to break the linkages between national banking systems and sovereigns. The framework is intended to enable 
resolution authorities to resolve failing banks with a lower risk of triggering contagion to the broader financial

--- Page 32 ---
25
system, while sharing the costs of resolution with bank shareholders and creditors and also minimising cost to 
taxpayers. Among other provisions, the BRRD requires banks to produce a comprehensive recovery plan that 
sets out detailed measures that could be taken to restore the viability of the institution in the event of extreme 
stress. Furthermore, one or more of the Group’s regulators may require the Group to make changes to the legal 
structure of the Group pursuant to its implementation of requirements under the SRM Regulation, the BRRD 
or other applicable law or regulation. 
The Group will have to meet the cost of all levies that are imposed on it in relation to funding the bank resolution 
fund established under the SRM or those that are imposed on it under other applicable compensation schemes 
relating to banks or other financial institutions in financial difficulty. In addition, the challenge of meeting this 
degree of regulatory change will place a strain on the Group’s resources. The challenge of meeting tight 
implementation deadlines while balancing competing resource priorities and demands adds to the regulatory 
risk of the Group. These may also impact significantly on the Group’s future product range, distribution 
channels, funding sources, capital requirements and consequently, reported results and financing requirements.
26
The Group is subject to anti-money laundering, counter-terrorist financing, anti-corruption 
and sanctions regulations and, if it fails to comply with these regulations, it may face 
administrative sanctions, criminal penalties and/or reputational damage
The Group is subject to laws and regulations aimed at preventing money laundering, anti-corruption and the 
financing of terrorism. Monitoring compliance with anti-money laundering (“AML”), Countering the Financing 
of Terrorism (“CFT”) and anti-corruption and sanctions rules can put a significant financial burden on banks 
and other financial institutions and requires significant technical capabilities. In recent years, enforcement of 
these laws and regulations against financial institutions has become more intrusive, resulting in several 
landmark fines against financial institutions. In addition, the Group cannot predict the nature, scope or effect of 
future regulatory requirements to which it might be subject or the way existing laws might be administered or 
interpreted. Furthermore, there is a greater focus by regulators on the overall effectiveness of financial 
institutions’ efforts to tackle financial crime beyond issues of mere technical compliance which requires 
constant enhancement of and investment in their overall financial crime response
The 5th EU Anti-Money Laundering Directive (“MLD5”), transposed in part into Irish law by the Criminal 
Justice (Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing) Act 2021, emphasises a “risk-based approach” to AML 
and CFT and imposes obligations on Irish incorporated bodies (such as AIB) to take measures to compile 
information on beneficial ownership. 
Moreover, global money laundering cases have received increased scrutiny, with a number of major European 
banks implicated in such matters. A further 7th EU Anti-Money Laundering Directive is currently being 
discussed in order to deal with the fallout from these banking cases. The Group will need to continue to monitor
and reflect the changes under developing legislation in its own policies, procedure and practices, and to update 
its framework to take account of the risk-based approach and the specific manner in which these requirements 
are transposed into national law by the transposing legislation in Ireland and the UK, together with any related 
industry guidance from regulators in each jurisdiction. Moreover, global money laundering cases have received 
increased scrutiny, with a number of major European banks implicated in such matters. Given the scale, nature 
and complexity of the financial sanctions regimes in the UK, EU and US, there remains an increased risk that 
the Group could find itself transacting with customers who could become subject to such sanctions and 
potentially face the consequence of secondary US sanctions as a result of this.
Although the Group has policies and procedures that are designed to comply with applicable AML/CFT, anti-
corruption and sanctions rules and regulations, it cannot guarantee that such policies and procedures completely 
prevent situations of money laundering, terrorist financing, breaches of sanctions or corruption, including 
actions by the Group’s employees, agents, third party suppliers or other related persons for which the Group

--- Page 33 ---
26
might be held responsible. Any such events may have severe consequences, including litigation, sanctions, fines 
and reputational consequences, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects.
27
The BRRD contains resolution tools and other measures that may have a material adverse 
effect on the Group and Noteholders
While the SRB has indicated its Preferred Resolution Strategy (“PRS”) for the Group is single point of entry 
bail-in through AIB Group plc, the BRRD is designed to provide relevant authorities with a credible set of tools 
to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing credit institution so as to ensure the continuity 
of the institution’s critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of a credit 
institution’s failure on the economy and financial system.
The BRRD also equips the resolution authority with certain resolution powers (the “Resolution Tools”) in 
circumstances where, in addition to certain other conditions being satisfied, either AIB Group plc, as the 
financial holding company of the Group, or certain of its subsidiaries is failing or is likely to fail to: 

transfer to a purchaser shares, other instruments of ownership and/or all specified assets, rights or 
liabilities of the credit institution (known as the “sale of business tool”); 

transfer all or specified assets, rights or liabilities of the credit institution to a bridge institution which is 
wholly or partially owned by public authorities (known as the “bridge institution tool”); 

transfer assets, rights or liabilities to a legal entity which is wholly or partially owned by public 
authorities for the purpose of sale or otherwise ensuring that the business is wound down in an orderly 
manner, to be applied in conjunction with another resolution tool (known as the “asset separation tool”); 
and/or

write down the claims of unsecured creditors (including the Noteholders) of an institution and convert 
debt to equity or other instruments of ownership (including the Notes), with, in broad terms, the first 
losses being taken by shareholders and thereafter by subordinated creditors (including the holders of 
Subordinated Notes) and then senior creditors (including the holders of Senior Notes), with the objective 
of recapitalising an institution (known as the “General Bail-In Tool”).
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and exhausted the above 
resolution tools to the maximum extent possible while maintaining financial stability, to be able to provide 
extraordinary public financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the public 
equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be 
provided in accordance with the EU state aid framework and is subject to the condition that a contribution to 
loss absorption and recapitalisation equal to an amount not less than 8 per cent. of total liabilities, including 
own funds of the institution under resolution, has been made by the shareholders and the holders of other 
instruments of ownership, the holders of relevant capital instruments and other eligible liabilities through write 
down, conversion or otherwise.
An entity will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in breach 
of its requirements for continuing authorisation; its assets are, or are likely in the near future to be, less than its 
liabilities; it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or it requires 
extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances).
The SRB may exercise the Resolution Tools with respect to the Group. In addition, the Bank of England, as 
resolution authority for AIB Group (UK) p.l.c. (“AIB UK”), could resolve the UK operations under the Banking 
Act in the UK, many of the provisions of which relating to resolution are similar to those in the BRRD, which 
could result in losses being transferred up to AIB through its share ownership and intercompany debt. The PRS

--- Page 34 ---
27
is a group-wide concept involving a single point of entry through AIB Group plc and is executed by the SRB 
in consultation with the ECB and national resolution authorities.
Amongst other provisions, the BRRD contains a statutory write-down and conversion power to write down or 
to convert into equity the Issuer’s capital instruments (which would include the Subordinated Notes) if certain 
conditions are met (the “Write-Down Tool”). The Write-Down Tool would be applicable, in particular, if the 
resolution authority determines that, unless the Write-Down Tool is applied, the Issuer or the Group will no 
longer be viable or if a decision has been made to provide the Issuer or the Group with extraordinary public 
financial support without which the Issuer or the Group will no longer be viable.
In respect of the Write-Down Tool, which was implemented for Additional Tier 1 instruments and Tier 2 
instruments (each as defined in the European Union (Bank Recovery and Resolution) Regulations 2015, as 
amended) with effect from 15 July 2015, and the General Bail-In Tool, which was implemented in Ireland on 1 
January 2016, the resolution authority has the power, upon certain trigger events, to cancel existing shares, to 
write down eligible liabilities (i.e. own funds instruments and, in the case of the General Bail-In Tool, other 
subordinated debt and senior debt, subject to exceptions in respect of certain liabilities) of a failing relevant 
entity or to convert such eligible liabilities of a failing relevant entity into equity or other instruments of 
ownership at certain rates of conversion representing appropriate compensation to the affected holder for the 
loss incurred as a result of the write down and conversion. Any such compensation may not compensate that 
holder for the losses it has actually incurred and there may be a considerable delay in the recovery of such 
compensation. Compensation payments (if any) may also be made considerably later than when amounts may 
otherwise have been payable under the Notes. Any shares issued to holders of Subordinated Notes may also be 
subject to any future application of the General Bail-In Tool. Where a relevant entity meets the conditions for 
resolution, the resolution regulator and/or authority will be required to apply the Write-Down Tool before 
applying the Resolution Tools. Any write down or conversion will, broadly, observe the following order: CET1 
instruments will be reduced first, followed by, in order, Additional Tier 1 instruments and Tier 2 instruments. If 
further reductions are required under the General Bail-In Tool, these shall first apply to other subordinated 
claims and then bailinable senior claims, each in accordance with the normal insolvency hierarchy. This 
application may result in such holders losing some or all of their investment.
Any write down or conversion of amounts in accordance with the Write-Down Tool will not constitute an event 
of default under the terms of the relevant instruments. Consequently, any amounts so written down will be 
irrevocably lost and the holders of such instruments will cease to have any claims thereunder, regardless whether 
or not the credit institution’s financial position is restored. Pursuant to the BRRD, resolution authorities must 
ensure when applying the Resolution Tools that creditors do not incur greater losses than they would have 
incurred if the credit institution had been wound down in normal insolvency proceedings. Furthermore, one or 
more of the Group’s regulators may require the Group to make changes to the legal structures and/or business 
model of the Group pursuant to its implementation of requirements under the SRM Regulation, the BRRD or 
other applicable law or regulation.
The Resolution Tools could be used to impose losses on holders of Senior Notes and could result in holders of 
Senior Notes losing some or all of their investment. The exercise of any such power or any suggestion or 
anticipation of such exercise could, therefore, materially adversely affect the value of the Senior Notes.
The powers set out in the BRRD will impact how relevant entities are managed as well as, in certain 
circumstances, the rights of creditors. Under the BRRD, holders of Notes may be subject to write down or 
conversion into equity on any application of the General Bail-In Tool or in the case of Subordinated Notes non-
viability loss absorption, which may result in such holders losing some or all of their investment.
In addition, the BRRD and the SRM Regulation may severely affect the rights of the holders of Subordinated 
Notes which may result in the loss of the entire investment represented by the Subordinated Notes in the event

--- Page 35 ---
28
of non-viability. The exercise of any such power or any suggestion or anticipation of such exercise could, 
therefore, materially adversely affect the value of the Subordinated Notes. Furthermore, the exercise of the 
Write-Down Tool in respect of the Subordinated Notes or any suggestion or anticipation of such exercise could 
materially adversely affect the value of the Subordinated Notes.
28
The SRB or SSM may take actions which require the Group to change, or otherwise result in 
the Group changing, its legal structure, or take other actions which could have a significant 
impact on the Group’s operations, structure, costs and/or capital requirements
SRB role in resolution planning 
Pursuant to the SRM Regulation, on 1 January 2016, the SRB became responsible for drawing up the Group’s 
resolution plan providing for resolution actions that may be taken if the Group were to fail or be likely to fail. 
In drawing up the Group’s resolution plan, the SRB identifies any material impediments to the Group’s 
resolvability. Where necessary, the SRB may instruct that actions are taken to remove such impediments. 
These actions may include (but are not limited to):

legal restructuring of the Group, which could lead to high transaction costs, or could make the Group’s 
business operations or its funding mix less optimally composed or more expensive; 

issuing additional liabilities at various levels within the Group to ensure that there is sufficient loss-
absorbing and recapitalisation capacity in place and that adequate arrangements are in place to meet the 
Group’s funding and liquidity needs throughout the resolution. This may result in higher capital and 
funding costs for the Group, and thus adversely affect the Group’s profits and its ability to pay dividends; 

reviewing and amending the Group’s contracts for the purposes of ensuring (i) continuity of business 
operations and (ii) that such contracts do not cause any impediments to the resolvability of the Group. 
This may result in additional costs and operational complexity for the Group; and 

requiring the Group to enhance its data infrastructure and management information systems to facilitate 
an expeditious valuation of its assets and liabilities over the course of the resolution event.
If the SRB is of the view that the measures proposed by the Group would not effectively address the 
impediments to resolvability, the SRB may direct the Group to take alternative measures as outlined in the SRM 
Regulation.
The SRB has communicated to all banks under its remit areas of focus where potential impediments to 
resolvability could arise. The Group has initiated programs to work to mitigate any such potential impediments. 
In addition, the SRB has communicated that its preferred resolution strategy for the Group is single point of 
entry bail-in through the Issuer.
SSM role in Recovery planning 
The BRRD sets out functions of the SSM (as consolidated supervisor of the Group) in conjunction with the 
PRA (as competent authority under the United Kingdom Banking Act for AIB UK) with respect to the drawing 
up and maintenance by the Group on a Group basis of a recovery plan which must set out measures to be taken 
by the Group to restore its financial position following a significant deterioration of that position. An assessment 
by the SSM in conjunction with the PRA of such recovery plan proposed by the Group may result in the Group 
being required to address any material deficiencies in the recovery plan or any material impediments to its 
implementation. Failure by the Group to satisfy such direction may result in the SSM taking measures against 
the Group, including, but not limited to, directing the Group to do one or more of the following:

reduce its risk profile;

--- Page 36 ---
29

enable timely recapitalisation measures; 

review its strategy and structure; 

make changes to its funding strategy so as to improve the resilience of its business lines and critical 
functions; and/or

make changes to its governance structure. 
Any further changes to be implemented in respect of the SRM Regulation and the BRRD may have an effect 
on the Group’s business, financial condition or prospects. Failure by the Group to implement those changes and 
requirements may result in regulatory action such as increased regulatory capital levels, monetary fines or other 
sanctions and penalties. Depending on the specific nature of the changes and requirements and how they are 
enforced, such changes and requirements could have a significant impact on the Group’s operations, structure, 
costs and/or capital requirements.
29 The Irish legislation and regulations in relation to mortgages, as well as judicial procedures 
for the enforcement of mortgages, custom, practice and interpretation of such legislation, 
regulations and procedures, may result in higher levels of default by the Group’s customers, 
delays in the Group’s recoveries in its mortgage portfolio and increased impairments 
In instances where the Group seeks to enforce security on commercial or residential property (in particular over 
a borrower’s principal dwelling house (“PDH”)), the Group may encounter significant delays arising from 
judicial procedures, which often entail significant legal and other costs. Custom, practice and interpretation of 
Irish legislation, regulations and procedures may also contribute to delays or restrictions on the enforcement of 
security. The courts or legislature in Ireland may have particular regard to the interests and circumstances of 
borrowers in disputes relating to the enforcement of security above or sale of their loans which is different to 
the custom and practice of courts in other jurisdictions. As a result of these factors, enforcement of security or 
recovery of delinquent loans in Ireland may be more difficult, take longer and involve higher costs for lenders 
as compared to other jurisdictions, or it may not be feasible for the Court to enforce security. The CPC is 
designed to protect the interests of consumers (as defined in the CPC) and is applicable (in part) to the activities 
of the Group. The CPC sets out specified information which must be provided to borrowers throughout the 
lifecycle of the mortgage product. The CPC requires the Group to inter alia, act fairly, in the best interests of its 
customers and the integrity of the market, and to comply with the letter and spirit of the CPC. There is a risk 
that the Group may be found to be in breach of CPC provisions due to unforeseen market developments or 
scenarios arising, potentially leading to regulatory sanction and customer restitution.
The Land and Conveyancing Law Reform (Amendment) Act 2019 (“LCLRA”) which came into force on 1 
August 2019 provides further protections for homeowners in residential mortgage difficulties. Courts must take 
into account a range of factors set out in the LCLRA when considering whether or not to grant an order for 
possession in respect of a borrower's PDH and may take these factors into account when considering whether 
to make any other order it considers appropriate in the circumstances. While many of the now statutory-imposed 
considerations are ones a court already had taken into account, the LCLRA reinforces the special status of a 
PDH in residential mortgage arrears proceedings in Ireland and the Irish Government’s policy objective that 
repossession of a defaulting borrower’s PDH should be an action of last resort. In enforcement proceedings 
affecting a PDH, lenders must now be prepared to demonstrate reasonable conduct towards seeking a 
sustainable solution with the borrower. As a result, the Group may face certain additional restrictions on its 
ability to collect or enforce mortgages that are in arrears. This could result in delays in the Group’s recoveries 
in respect of its mortgage portfolio and increased impairments. Legislation has also been introduced with regard 
to loans sold to third parties under the Consumer Protection (Regulation of Credit Servicing Firms) Act 2018,

--- Page 37 ---
30
which regulates third party loan acquirers and may give rise to further implications for future loan sales 
undertaken by the Group. 
Furthermore, the Irish Competition and Consumer Protection Commission conducted a study on the mortgage 
market in Ireland. A report was published in June 2017 outlining options for the government in relation to the 
market structure, legislation and regulation to lower the cost of secured mortgage lending and improve 
competition and consumer protection.
It is unclear whether any legislation in respect of the foregoing (either in the proposed form or a different form) 
will be enacted or whether further legislative initiatives to regulate the Irish mortgage market will be introduced. 
If enacted, any further legislation could potentially impact the Group. 
The Irish Government may also seek to influence how credit institutions set interest rates on mortgages, may 
amend the Personal Insolvency Act 2012 to reduce the entitlements currently afforded to mortgage holders 
thereunder or may enact other legislation or introduce further regulation that affects the rights of lenders in 
other ways which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and 
prospects. Furthermore, the laws and regulations to which the Group is already subject could change as a result 
of changes in interpretation or practice by courts, regulators or other authorities. 
In common with other residential mortgage lenders, the Group faces increased supervisory engagement and 
focus by the Irish Government, the Oireachtas and regulators such as the Central Bank and the CCPC, on its 
loan book, in particular its residential mortgage book, with respect to such matters as the interest rates it charges 
on loans. This could result in increased regulation of the Group’s loan book which may impact the Group’s 
level of lending, interest income and net interest margin and/or increased operational costs.
Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, 
financial condition and prospects.
30
The Group is subject to conduct risk, including changes in laws, regulations and practices of 
relevant authorities and the risk that its practices are challenged under current regulations or 
standards, and if it is deemed to have breached any of these laws or regulations, it could suffer 
reputational damage or become subject to challenges by customers or competitors, or 
sanctions, fines or other actions
The Group is exposed to conduct risk, which the Group defines as the risk that inappropriate actions or inactions 
by AIB cause poor and unfair customer outcomes or negatively impact on market integrity. Certain aspects of 
the Group’s business may be determined by regulators in various jurisdictions or by courts not to have been 
conducted in accordance with applicable local or, potentially, overseas laws and regulations, or in a fair and 
reasonable manner as determined by the local ombudsman. Regulators want senior leaders to drive effective 
cultures that focus on the organisation values and conduct that puts the customer first; they expect to see conduct 
promoted in remuneration policies and disciplinary processes.
The Group is cognisant of its responsibilities regarding wholesale market conduct risk which has been subject 
to increased regulatory scrutiny in recent years. Domestic and European regulators have provided guidance as 
to how regulated entities should manage wholesale market conduct risk, particularly in relation to dealing with 
the impact of external events, managing the increasing complexity in securities markets and the rules that 
govern them and ensuring meaningful transparency for investors and other market participants, in particular on 
costs and fees. As such, the Group continues to respond to changes in this environment and strengthen 
regulatory practices.
If the Group fails to comply with any relevant laws, regulations, or regulatory expectations, it may suffer 
reputational damage and may be subject to challenges by customers or competitors, or sanctions, fines or other

--- Page 38 ---
31
actions imposed by regulatory authorities. There is also a risk that failure to recognise the impact of the COVID-
19 pandemic on vulnerable customers or those in financial difficulties could lead to claims for conduct matters.
The Group’s practices may also be challenged under current regulations and standards. In such circumstances, 
the Group may be required to redress customers, may be subject to regulatory sanctions, material financial loss 
or loss to reputation, which may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, 
financial condition and prospects.
Risks may also arise for the Group in relation to employee conduct. Regulators expect to see desired behaviours 
and conduct re-enforced at all stages of the employee lifecycle, from recruitment, to training and promotion. 
Poor employee conduct can result in mis-selling, inappropriate actions where a conflict of interest arises, 
internal fraud or otherwise not acting in a customer’s best interest. Such actions may result in the bank having 
to make redress to impacted customers, potential regulatory sanction, adverse media coverage and potential 
reputational damage.
In September 2015, the Central Bank wrote to the Group to inform the Group that it had embarked on the 
Tracker Mortgage Examination. In December 2015, the Central Bank confirmed to the affected lenders that the 
objective of the Tracker Mortgage Examination was to assess compliance with both contractual and regulatory 
requirements relating to tracker mortgages and in circumstances where customer detriment is identified from 
the Tracker Mortgage Examination, to provide appropriate redress and compensation in line with the Central 
Bank’s ‘Principles for Redress’. In respect of customer redress and compensation, a provision of €8 million is 
held at 31 December 2021 (31 December 2020: €8 million) for the ongoing appeals process and any individual 
impacted accounts which may be identified under the Tracker Mortgage Examination. The provision at 31 
December 2021 for ‘Other costs’ amounted to €8 million (31 December 2020: €8 million).
In March 2018, AIB and EBS were advised by the Central Bank of the commencement of investigations as part 
of an administrative sanctions procedure in connection with the Tracker Mortgage Examination. The 
investigations relate to alleged breaches of the relevant consumer protection legislation, principally, regarding 
inadequate controls or instances where AIB or EBS acted with a lack of transparency, unfairly or without due 
skill and care. The investigations are ongoing and AIB and EBS are co-operating with the Central Bank.
In this regard, the Group previously created a provision of €70 million in 2019 for the impact of monetary 
penalties that are expected to be imposed on the Group by the Central Bank. This matter is still ongoing, and 
the Group has retained the provision of €70 million, as it remains the Group’s best estimate. This is subject to 
uncertainty with a range of outcomes possible, and the final outcome may be higher or lower depending on 
finalisation of all matters associated with the investigation.
In 2020, a Financial Services and Pensions Ombudsman (“FSPO”) decision in relation to a complaint by a 
customer from the ‘06-09 Ts & Cs who did not have a tracker’ cohort, found that the Group had breached the 
terms of the customer’s mortgage loan contract and directed it to remedy the matter in what the FSPO believed 
was a fair and proportionate manner. The Group accepted the decision in full and, furthermore decided to apply 
the remedy to all other customers within this cohort. Payments to customers were substantially completed by 
December 2020.
The Group continued to engage with stakeholders during 2020 and 2021 and a number of related issues also 
exist that have yet to be resolved, including tax liabilities arising that the Group will be required to discharge 
on behalf of impacted customers. Notwithstanding the near completion of payments to customers based on the 
FSPO decision, the level of provision required for these other costs has been assessed at €79 million (31 
December 2020: €80 million), following utilisations of €1 million in the year.
These issues are subject to uncertainty with a range of outcomes possible and the final outcome may be higher 
or lower than the level of provisions depending on finalisation of such issues.

--- Page 39 ---
32
The Group is also required to manage potentially heightened conduct and regulatory risks associated with 
strategic growth, such as the acquisition of Goodbody Stockbrokers UC (“Goodbody”). Additional regulatory 
requirements need to be considered along with the conduct implications of managing a different customer base, 
business portfolio and product suite. As a result, effective integration with appropriate alignment and oversight 
between the Group and any such subsidiary or joint venture is required to mitigate these risks.
31
The Group’s financial results may be negatively affected by changes to, or application of, 
accounting standards
The Group reports its results of operations and financial position in accordance with IFRS. Changes to IFRS or
interpretations thereof may cause its future reported results of operations and financial position to differ from 
current expectations, or historical results to differ from those previously reported due to the adoption of 
accounting standards on a retrospective basis. Such changes may also affect the Group’s regulatory capital.
The Group monitors potential changes to accounting standards and when these are finalised, it determines the 
potential impact and discloses significant future changes in its financial statements. Any changes to, or 
application of, accounting standards may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of 
operations, financial condition and prospects.
32
Risk of litigation arising from the Group’s activities
The Group operates in a legal and regulatory environment that exposes it to potentially significant litigation 
and regulatory risks. Disputes and legal proceedings in which the Group may be involved are subject to many 
uncertainties, and the outcomes of such disputes are often difficult to predict, particularly in the early stages of 
a case or investigation. For example, litigation has been served on the Group by customers that are pursuing 
claims in relation to the Tracker Mortgage Examination (see Risk Factor 30 “—The Group is subject to conduct 
risk, including changes in laws, regulations and practices of relevant authorities and the risk that its practices 
are challenged under current regulations or standards, and if it is deemed to have breached any of these laws 
or regulations, it could suffer reputational damage or become subject to challenges by customers or 
competitors, or sanctions, fines or other actions” for further information). In the future, further legal claims 
may also be served, and further complaints may be referred by customers to the FSPO for adjudication in 
relation to tracker mortgages. These outcomes are uncertain and unpredictable. 
Adverse regulatory action or adverse judgments in litigation or FSPO decisions could result in a monetary fine 
or penalty, adverse monetary judgment or settlement and/or restrictions or limitations on the Group’s operations 
or result in a material adverse effect on the Group’s reputation.
Risks Related to the Notes
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of certain such features:
33
The Issuer is a holding company
The Notes issued by the Issuer are the obligation of the Issuer only. The Issuer is a holding company and 
conducts substantially all of its operations through its subsidiaries, and accordingly the claims of the 
Noteholders under the Notes issued by the Issuer will be structurally subordinated to the creditors of the Issuer’s 
subsidiaries. The Issuer’s subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities, and have no obligation to pay any 
amounts due or to provide the Issuer with funds to meet any of the Issuer’s payment obligations under the 
Notes. The Issuer’s rights to participate in the assets of any subsidiary if such subsidiary is liquidated will be 
subject to the prior claims of such subsidiary’s creditors and any preference shareholders, except in the 
circumstance where the Issuer is also a creditor of such subsidiary with claims that are recognised to be ranked 
ahead of or pari passu with such claims. Accordingly, if one of the Issuer’s subsidiaries were to be wound up,

--- Page 40 ---
33
liquidated or dissolved, (i) the holders of Notes issued by the Issuer would have no right to proceed against the 
assets of such subsidiary, and (ii) the Issuer would only recover any amounts (directly, or indirectly through its 
holdings of other subsidiaries) in the liquidation of that subsidiary in respect of its direct or indirect holding of 
ordinary shares in such subsidiary, if and to the extent that any surplus assets remain following payment in full 
of the claims of the creditors and preference shareholders (if any) of that subsidiary.
As well as the risk of losses in the event of a Group subsidiary’s insolvency, the Issuer may suffer losses if any 
of its loans to, or investments in, its subsidiaries are subject to statutory write-down and conversion powers or 
if the subsidiary is otherwise subject to resolution proceedings. The Issuer may in the future make loans to AIB 
Bank and its other subsidiaries, with the proceeds received from the Issuer’s issuance of debt instruments. 
Where securities issued by the Issuer have been structured so as to qualify as capital instruments under CRD, 
the terms of the corresponding on-loan to AIB Bank may be structured to achieve equivalent regulatory capital 
treatment for such subsidiary. Accordingly, loans to AIB Bank may contain contractual mechanisms that, upon 
the occurrence of a trigger related to the prudential or financial condition of the Group or such subsidiary, would 
automatically result in a write-down or conversion into equity of such loans.
The Issuer retains its absolute discretion to restructure such loans to (or any other investments in) any of its 
Group subsidiaries, including the AIB Bank, at any time and for any purpose including, without limitation, in 
order to provide different amounts or types of capital or fundingto such subsidiary as part of meeting regulatory 
requirements, including the implementation of MREL or the total loss absorbing capacity in respect of the 
Group and the relevant subsidiaries. A restructuring of a loan or investment made by the Issuer in a Group 
subsidiary could include changes to any or all features of such loan, including its legal or regulatory form, how 
it would rank in the event of resolution and/or insolvency proceedings in relation to the Group subsidiary, and 
the inclusion of a mechanism that provides for an automatic write-down and/or conversion into equity upon 
specified triggers. Any restructuring of the Issuer’s loans to any of the Group subsidiaries may be implemented 
by the Issuer without prior notification to, or consent of, the Noteholders.
34
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes, or during any period in which there is an actual or perceived increase in the 
likelihood that the Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes in the future, the market value of those Notes generally 
will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any 
redemption period.
The Issuer may redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes at times 
when the redemption proceeds are less than the current market value of the Notes. At those times, an investor 
would generally not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the 
interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate.
In the case of Subordinated Notes or applicable Senior Notes which are issued as Green or Social Bonds, please 
also see Risk Factor 45 “—Notes issued as Green or Social Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all 
investors seeking exposure to green assets”.
35
Subordinated Notes subject to redemption for regulatory reasons
Subordinated Notes may be redeemed for regulatory reasons in accordance with Condition 5(d) of the 
Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event (as defined in Condition 16 of the 
Subordinated Notes). In the event of a redemption for regulatory reasons, there can be no assurance that an 
investor will be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate 
on the Subordinated Notes being redeemed. In addition, there can be no assurance that the market value of the 
Subordinated Notes immediately prior to notice of the redemption for regulatory reasons being given will not

--- Page 41 ---
34
be higher than the price at which they can be redeemed. Conversely, the market price of Subordinated Notes 
may be affected following the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event or as a result of the perception 
that the right to redeem for regulatory reasons may be triggered in the future.
36
Certain Senior Notes subject to redemption following a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event
As the implementation of any further amendments to MREL under the BRRD is subject to the adoption of 
further secondary legislation and implementation in Ireland, there can be no assurance that Loss Absorption 
Notes will qualify in full towards the Issuer’s, or the Regulatory Group’s (as defined in Condition 16 of the 
Senior Notes), minimum requirements for (A) own funds and eligible liabilities and/or (B) loss absorbing 
capacity instruments, in each case as such minimum requirements are applicable to AIB and/or the Regulatory 
Group.
Further, if at any time a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event (as defined in Condition 16 of the Senior Notes) 
occurs and is continuing in relation to any Series of Loss Absorption Notes, and if the relevant Final Terms 
specify that AIB has the option to redeem such Senior Notes upon the occurrence of a Loss Absorption 
Disqualification Event, AIB may redeem all, but not some only, of the Senior Notes of such Series in accordance 
with Condition 5(c) of the Senior Notes at the applicable Early Redemption Amount, together with any accrued 
but unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
In the event of such a redemption, there can be no assurance that an investor will be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Senior Notes being redeemed. 
In addition, there can be no assurance that the market value of the Senior Notes immediately prior to notice of 
the redemption being given will not be higher than the price at which they can be redeemed. Conversely, the 
market price of Senior Notes may be affected following the occurrence of a Loss Absorption Disqualification 
Event or as a result of the perception that such right to redeem may be triggered in the future.
37
Redemption for Taxation Reasons
On the occurrence of a tax event (as described in Condition 5(b) of the Senior Notes or, as applicable, the 
Subordinated Notes), AIB may, at its option (but subject to certain conditions, including, in the case of 
Subordinated Notes, Condition 5(h) and, in the case of Loss Absorption Notes, Condition 5(i)) redeem all, but 
not some only, of any relevant Series of Notes at the applicable Early Redemption Amount, together with any
accrued but unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption.
38
Substitution or variation of Notes
If, in the case of any Series of Subordinated Notes, “Substitution and Variation” is specified as being applicable
in the relevant Final Terms, then following the occurrence of a Tax Event or Capital Disqualification Event, 
AIB may, subject as provided in Condition 5(i)(ii) of the Subordinated Notes and without the need for any 
consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute all (but not some only) of such Series of 
Subordinated Notes for, or vary the terms of such Series of Subordinated Notes so that they remain or become, 
Tier 2 Compliant Notes (as defined in Condition 16 of the Subordinated Notes).
If, in the case of any Series of Senior Notes which are Loss Absorption Notes, “Substitution and Variation” is 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then following the occurrence of a Loss Absorption 
Disqualification Event, AIB may, subject as provided in Condition 5(j)(ii) of the Senior Notes and without the 
need for any consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute all (but not some only) of such Series 
of Senior Notes for, or vary the terms of such Series of Senior Notes so that they remain or become, Loss 
Absorption Compliant Notes (as defined in Condition 16 of the Senior Notes).
While Tier 2 Compliant Notes or Loss Absorption Compliant Notes, as the case may be, must otherwise contain 
terms that are not materially less favourable to Noteholders than the original terms of the relevant Notes, there

--- Page 42 ---
35
can be no assurance that the terms of any Tier 2 Compliant Notes or Loss Absorption Compliant Notes, as the 
case may be, will be viewed by the market as equally favourable to Noteholders, or that such Notes will trade 
at prices that are equal to the prices at which the Notes would have traded on the basis of their original terms.
No assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect any particular holder. In 
addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such substituted or varied Notes could be different
for some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding such Notes
prior to such substitution or variation.
39
Resettable Notes
In the case of any Notes that are Resettable Notes, the rate of interest on such Resettable Notes will be reset by 
reference to the then prevailing Mid-Swap Rate, as adjusted for any applicable margin, on the reset dates 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. This is more particularly described in Condition 4(b)(i) of the Senior 
Notes and the Subordinated Notes. The reset of the rate of interest in accordance with such provisions may 
affect the secondary market for, and the market value of, such Resettable Notes. Following any such reset of 
the rate of interest applicable to Resettable Notes, the new rate may be lower than the previous rate of interest. 
40
The Issuer’s obligations under the Subordinated Notes
The Issuer’s obligations under the Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and subordinated and will rank junior 
in priority to the claims of Senior Creditors (as defined in Condition 16 of the Subordinated Notes). Although 
Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which are not subordinated, there 
is an increased risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of his investment should the 
Subordinated Notes become subject to the Write-Down Tool when the Issuer is failing or likely to fail or the 
Issuer becomes insolvent or subject to the Resolution Tools. These risks apply equally to Subordinated Notes 
which are issued as Green or Social Bonds. See Risk Factor 27 “—The BRRD contains resolution tools and 
other measures that may have a material adverse effect on the Group and Noteholders”.
41
Limited remedies for non-payment in respect of Subordinated Notes and certain Senior Notes
The sole remedy against AIB available to the Trustee or any Noteholder or Couponholder for recovery of 
amounts owing in respect of or arising under any Subordinated Notes will be the institution of proceedings for 
the winding up of AIB in Ireland but not elsewhere and/or proving in any Winding-Up of AIB.
Similarly, in respect of any Senior Notes where the relevant Final Terms specify “Restricted Events of Default” 
as being applicable, the sole remedy against AIB available to the Trustee or any Noteholder or Couponholder 
for recovery of amounts owing in respect of or arising under such Senior Notes will be the institution of 
proceedings for the winding up of AIB in Ireland but not elsewhere and/or proving in any Winding-Up of AIB.
As the remedies available to holders of Subordinated Notes or of Senior Notes with restricted events of default 
are restricted as described above, the enforcement rights of holders’ in respect of these Notes are extremely 
limited.
In the case of Subordinated Notes or applicable Senior Notes which are issued as Green or Social Bonds, please 
also see Risk Factor 45 “—Notes issued as Green or Social Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all 
investors seeking exposure to green or social assets”.
42
No limitation on issuing senior or pari passu securities
There is no restriction on the amount of securities or other liabilities which AIB (or other members of the Group) 
may issue or incur and which rank senior to, or pari passu with, Subordinated Notes. The issue of any such 
securities or the incurrence of any such other liabilities may reduce the amount (if any) recoverable by holders 
of Subordinated Notes on a Winding-Up of AIB.

--- Page 43 ---
36
43
Limitation on gross-up obligation under Subordinated Notes and Loss Absorption Notes
AIB’s obligation to pay additional amounts in respect of any withholding or deduction for or on account of Irish 
taxes under the terms of the Subordinated Notes or the Loss Absorption Notes applies only to payments of 
interest due and payable under the Subordinated Notes or the Loss Absorption Notes and not to payments of 
principal (which term, for these purposes, includes any premium, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Amortised Face Amount and any other amount (other than interest) 
payable in respect of Subordinated Notes or Loss Absorption Notes). As such, AIB would not be required to 
pay any additional amounts under the terms of the Subordinated Notes or the Loss Absorption Notes to the 
extent any withholding or deduction for or on account of Irish tax is applied to payments of principal. 
Accordingly, if any such withholding or deduction were to apply to any payments of principal under any 
Subordinated Notes or Loss Absorption Notes, holders of such Subordinated Notes or such Loss Absorption 
Notes would, upon repayment or redemption of such Subordinated Notes or such Loss Absorption Notes, be 
entitled to receive only the net amount of such redemption or repayment proceeds after deduction of the amount 
required to be withheld. Therefore, holders may receive less than the full amount due under such Subordinated 
Notes or such Loss Absorption Notes, and the market value of such Subordinated Notes or such Loss Absorption 
Notes may be adversely affected as a result.
44
No rights of set-off
Subject to applicable law, no holder of a Subordinated Note or a Senior Note where the relevant Final Terms 
specify “Waiver of Set-off” as being applicable (or, in each such case, a Coupon relating thereto) may exercise, 
claim or plead any right of set-off, compensation or retention in respect of any amount owed to it by AIB in 
respect of, arising under or in connection with such Note (or the Coupons relating thereto) and each holder of 
such Note (or the Coupons relating thereto) shall, by virtue of its holding of any such Note or Coupon, be 
deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off and therefore any such Noteholder will not be able to exercise, 
claim or plead any right of set-off, compensation or retention in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer 
in respect of, arising under or in connection with the Notes or the Coupons relating thereto, or the Trust Deed.
45
Notes issued as Green or Social Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
seeking exposure to green or social assets
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be AIB’s intention to apply 
an amount equal to the net proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically to an eligible loan portfolio of 
new and existing green loans or social loans (together, the “Eligible Project Portfolios”). See the sections
entitled “Green Bond Framework Overview” and “Social Bond Framework Overview”. Prospective investors 
should have regard to the information set out in “Green Bond Framework Overview”, “Social Bond Framework 
Overview” and the relevant Final Terms regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the 
relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Notes together with any other 
investigation such investor deems necessary. 
In particular, no assurance is given by AIB or any Dealer that the use of such proceeds for any Eligible Project 
Portfolio will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements 
as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to 
comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing 
rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, 
sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Project Portfolio.
None of the Dealers shall be responsible for (i) any assessment of the Eligible Project Portfolios, (ii) any 
verification of whether the Eligible Project Portfolios fall within an investor’s requirements or expectations of 
a “green”, “sustainable”, “social” or equivalently-labelled project or (iii) the ongoing monitoring of the use of 
proceeds in respect of any such Notes.

--- Page 44 ---
37
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly-defined definition (legal, regulatory or 
otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green”, “sustainable” or “social” or an 
equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined 
as “green”, “sustainable”, “social” or such other equivalent label and if developed in the future, such Notes may 
not comply with any such definition or label.
A basis for the determination of such a definition has been established in the EU with the publication in the 
Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 18 June 2020 (the “Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation”) on the establishment of a 
framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy”). The EU Sustainable 
Finance Taxonomy is subject to further development by way of the implementation by the European 
Commission through delegated regulations of technical screening criteria for the environmental objectives set 
out in the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation. While the Group’s Green Bond Framework (as defined 
below) (as amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise updated) is in alignment with the relevant objectives 
for the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy, until the technical screening criteria for such objectives have been 
developed it is not known whether the Group’s Green Bond Framework will satisfy those criteria. Accordingly, 
alignment with the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy, once the technical screening criteria are established, is 
not certain.
Additionally, no assurance is or can be given to investors that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, 
any Eligible Project Portfolio will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such “green”, “sustainable”, 
“social” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or that any adverse environmental, social and/or 
other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any 
Eligible Project Portfolio.
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by AIB) which may be made available in 
connection with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any Eligible Project Portfolio to fulfil any 
environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or 
certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any 
such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by AIB or any other person 
to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. Any such opinion or certification is only current as at the date that opinion 
was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or 
certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the 
purpose of any investment in such Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not 
subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight.
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, “environmental”, 
“sustainable”, “social” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market 
(whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by AIB or any other person that such listing 
or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements 
as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to 
comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing 
rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, 
sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Project Portfolio. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one 
stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by AIB or 
any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or, 
if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes.

--- Page 45 ---
38
Amounts of interest, principal or other amounts payable for any Notes in respect of which the relevant Final 
Terms provide that it is AIB’s intention for the Group to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from an 
offer of those Notes specifically to an Eligible Project Portfolio will not be impacted by the performance of any 
Eligible Project Portfolio funded out of the proceeds of the issue (or amounts equal thereto) of such Notes or 
by any other Eligible Project Portfolios or other green, sustainable or social assets of the Group.
Further, the tenor of the amounts advanced by the Group to customers for the purposes of financing or 
refinancing any Eligible Project Portfolio may not match the maturity date of the Notes issued to fund such 
advances. The subsequent redemption of relevant loans advanced by the Group, or the project(s) or use(s) the 
subject of, or related to, any Eligible Project Portfolio before the maturity date of any Notes issued to fund such 
advances shall not lead to the early redemption of such Notes or any other Notes nor create any obligation or 
incentive of AIB to redeem the Notes at any time or be a factor in AIB’s determination as to whether or not to 
exercise any early redemption rights it may have from time to time.
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Notes so specified to 
an Eligible Project Portfolio in, or substantially in, the manner described in “Green Bond Framework Overview”
or in “Social Bond Framework Overview” (as appropriate) and the relevant Final Terms, there can be no 
assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Project Portfolio will 
be capable of being implemented in, or substantially in, such manner and/or in accordance with any timing 
schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such Eligible Project 
Portfolio. Nor can there be any assurance that such Eligible Project Portfolio will be completed within any 
specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally 
expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not (i) give rise to any claim 
of a Noteholder against AIB; (ii) constitute an Event of Default under the Notes or permit the Trustee or any 
Noteholder to accelerate the Notes or take any other enforcement action against AIB; (iii) lead to an obligation 
of AIB to redeem such Notes or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any 
optional redemption rights in respect of any Notes; (iv) affect the qualification of such Notes which are also 
Tier 2 Notes or Loss Absorption Notes (as the case may be) as Tier 2 Capital or as eligible liabilities or loss 
absorbing capacity instruments (as applicable); (v) otherwise affect or impede the ability of the Group to apply 
the proceeds of the Notes to cover losses in any part of the Group; or (vi) result in any step-up or increased 
payments of interest, principal or any other amounts in respect of the Notes, or otherwise affect the terms and 
conditions of the Notes.
Investors should note that Notes in respect of which the relevant Final Terms provide that it is AIB’s intention 
for the Group to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically to an
Eligible Project Portfolio which are also Tier 2 Notes or Loss Absorption Notes are subject to the same 
prudential and resolution rules as other Notes issued under the Programme, and, for the avoidance of doubt, the 
provisions of the Applicable Regulatory Capital Requirements (as defined in the Conditions) and BRRD will 
continue to apply to such Notes in full. There will be no impact on their ranking as described in Condition 3(b)
of the Subordinated Notes or their status as described in Condition 3(a) of the Senior Notes, as applicable, and 
the other risks applicable to Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes as described elsewhere in this section “Risk 
Factors”, including with respect to loss absorption as a result of bail-in or write down, and with respect to 
restricted events of default and limited rights of enforcement, shall apply to such Notes irrespective of whether 
such Notes are intended to be applied to an Eligible Project Portfolio.
The proceeds of any Notes in respect of which the relevant Final Terms provide that it is AIB’s intention for the 
Group to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically to an Eligible 
Project Portfolio which are also Tier 2 Notes or Loss Absorption Notes will be available to cover all losses of 
the Group, regardless of whether the losses stem from the loans advanced by the Group under its Green Bond

--- Page 46 ---
39
Framework or Social Bond Framework out of the proceeds of issue of such Notes or under any other green, 
sustainable, or social assets of the Group.
Any event or failure to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Eligible Project 
Portfolio as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification 
attesting that AIB is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification 
is opining or certifying on and/or any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock 
exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and 
also potentially the value of any other Notes the proceeds of which are intended to be allocated to an Eligible 
Project Portfolio and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest 
in securities to be used for a particular purpose.
46
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including SOFR and SONIA) 
as reference rates
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates, such as SOFR and 
SONIA, as reference rates in the capital markets for U.S. dollar or sterling bonds, as applicable, and their 
adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. This relates not only to the substance of the 
calculation and the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds 
referencing such rates, but also how widely such rates and methodologies might be adopted. 
In addition, market participants and relevant working groups have been working together to design alternative 
reference rates based on risk-free rates, including applying term versions of certain risk-free rates (which seek 
to measure the market's forward expectation of an average of these reference rates over a designated term, as 
they are overnight rates) or different measures of such risk-free rates.
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference such risk-free rates issued under 
this Programme. If the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in securities such as the Notes, 
the trading price of such Notes linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes referencing rates 
that are more widely used. The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing SONIA, SONIA 
Compounded Index, SOFR or SOFR Compounded Index that differ materially in terms of interest determination 
when compared with any previous SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR or SOFR Compounded Index 
referenced Notes issued by it under this Programme. The development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond 
markets could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility, or could otherwise affect the market price of 
any Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under this Programme from time to time.
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the derivatives 
and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of such reference 
rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which 
they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing such risk-
free rates.
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in notes linked to 
such risk-free rates issued to date and no assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the 
compounding formula in the Conditions, will gain widespread market acceptance. In addition, the methodology 
for determining any overnight rate index used to determine the Rate of Interest in respect of certain Notes could 
change during the life of such Notes. 
Notes referencing risk-free rates may also have no established trading market when issued, and an established 
trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt securities referencing such

--- Page 47 ---
40
risk-free rates, such as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and 
trading prices of such Notes may be lower than those of later-issued indexed debt securities as a result. Investors 
in such Notes may not be able to sell such Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that will 
provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may 
consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
Certain administrators of risk-free rates have published hypothetical and actual historical performance data. 
Hypothetical data inherently includes assumptions, estimates and approximations and actual historical 
performance data may be limited in the case of certain risk-free rates. Investors should not rely on hypothetical 
or actual historical performance data as an indicator of the future performance of such risk-free rates. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes which 
reference SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR or SOFR Compounded Index.
47
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to 
or referencing such “benchmarks”
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (such as a Reference Rate), are the subject of 
recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are 
already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to 
perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. 
Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a 
“benchmark”. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation was published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 29 June 2016
and became applicable from 1 January 2018. The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. It, among 
other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be 
subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU 
supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of “benchmarks” of administrators that are not authorised or registered 
(or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks 
Regulation”) applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use 
of a benchmark within the UK. It, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised 
or registered (or, if non-UK-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) 
and (ii) prevents certain uses by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised 
or registered (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any 
Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark” (such as Floating Rate Notes and Resettable Notes), in particular, 
if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the requirements of 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other 
things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level 
of the “benchmark”.
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of
“benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a
“benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements.
The potential elimination of any benchmark (including, for example, EURIBOR), or changes in the manner of 
administration of any benchmark, could require an adjustment to the Conditions, or result in other

--- Page 48 ---
41
consequences, in respect of any Notes linked to such benchmark. Such factors may have the following effects 
on certain “benchmarks”: (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to the 
“benchmark”, (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the “benchmark” or (iii) lead to the 
disappearance of the “benchmark”. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of 
international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on 
the value of and return on any Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”.
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation in making any 
investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”. 
The Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark (excluding 
SOFR), such as EURIBOR or other relevant reference rates (including, without limitation, mid-swap rates) and 
including any page on which such Benchmark may be published (or any successor service)), becomes 
unavailable or a Benchmark Event otherwise occurs, including the possibility that the rate of interest could be 
set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative reference rate and that such successor rate or alternative 
reference rate may be adjusted (if required), all as determined by the Issuer in consultation with an Independent 
Adviser, acting in good faith in a commercially reasonable manner. Any adjustment spread could be positive, 
negative or zero. In making such determinations, it is possible that the interests of the Issuer might not align 
with those of Noteholders. No Successor Rate or Alternative Rate will be adopted, nor will the applicable 
Adjustment Spread be applied, nor will any Benchmark Amendments be made, if and to the extent that, in the 
determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the then current or future 
qualification of the Notes as (i) Tier 2 Capital, or (ii) own funds and eligible liabilities or loss absorbing capacity 
instruments for the purposes of the Relevant Regulator or by the Loss Absorption Regulations in the case of 
Notes that are Loss Absorption Notes, as applicable, or in the case of Loss Absorption Notes, could reasonably 
be expected to result in the Relevant Regulator treating the next Interest Payment Date or Reset Date, as the 
effective maturity dates of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
Where the original benchmark is SOFR, the Benchmark Replacement provisions in the Conditions specify a 
“waterfall” of alternative rates that may become the Benchmark Replacement. These alternative rates are 
uncertain and no market convention currently exists, or may ever exist, for their determination. For example, 
the ISDA Fallback Rate, which is the rate referenced in the ISDA Definitions that is to be effective upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor, has not been 
established as of the date hereof. Even after the ISDA Fallback Rate is initially determined, ISDA Definitions 
and the ISDA Fallback Rate may change over time. Uncertainty surrounding the establishment of market 
conventions related to the calculation of the ISDA Fallback Rate and other alternative rates, and whether any 
of the alternative rates is a suitable replacement or successor for the original Reference Rate, may adversely 
affect the value of and return on Notes referencing SOFR as the original Reference Rate.
In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of interest for a particular Interest 
Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the 
effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the 
Relevant Screen Page or the last ISDA rate calculable by the Calculation Agent, or, in the case of Resettable
Notes, the application of the Reset Rate for a preceding Reset Period or the application of the Initial Rate of 
Interest applicable to such Notes on the Interest Commencement Date. In addition, due to the uncertainty 
concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an 
Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time.
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the trading market for, liquidity of, value of 
and return on any such Notes. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting 
or existence of any relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the

--- Page 49 ---
42
Floating Rate Notes or Resettable Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and 
the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes or Resettable Notes or could impact the availability and cost 
of hedging instruments and borrowings or cause a potential mismatch with any hedging instruments or 
borrowing arrangements already in place relating to such Notes. Investors should consider these matters when 
making their investment decision with respect to the relevant Floating Rate Notes or Resettable Notes.
48
Modification, waivers and substitution
The Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and the Subordinated Notes will contain provisions for calling 
meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions will permit 
defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant 
meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. Given the ability of permitted 
majorities to bind minorities, a Noteholder could find that an amendment is made to the Notes, which binds all 
Noteholders, that it did not support.
The Trustee may, without the consent of Noteholders, agree to (i) any modification of, or to the waiver or 
authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of Notes or (ii) the substitution of a 
successor in business of the Issuer, a subsidiary of the Issuer or a successor in business thereof as principal 
debtor under any Notes in place of the Issuer, in the circumstances described in Condition 10 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes and the Subordinated Notes.
In addition, pursuant to Condition 4(i) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and the Subordinated 
Notes, certain changes may be made to the interest calculation provisions of the Floating Rate Notes or 
Resettable Notes in the circumstances set out in Condition 4(a) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
and the Subordinated Notes without the requirement for consent of the Noteholders. See “—The regulation and 
reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing such “benchmarks”” 
above.
49
European Monetary Union
The Eurozone sovereign debt crisis which started in 2008 has led to continuing and increased speculation that 
one or more Eurozone countries might abandon the euro as its national currency and even, although generally 
thought of as an extreme circumstance, the possible disappearance of the euro as a currency. There is a great 
deal of legal uncertainty surrounding these possibilities but it is likely, in the event that Ireland were to abandon 
the euro as its national currency, that contracts denominated in euro, including the Notes, would be 
redenominated into whatever currency replaced the euro as the national currency of Ireland with the possibility 
of consequent foreign exchange risk and the other uncertainties attendant on such an eventuality constituting 
risks relating to Notes denominated in euro.
50
Change of law
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on either English or Irish law, as specified in the Final Terms. 
Further, in respect of English Law Notes, the Conditions in respect of subordination, waiver of set-off and 
Acknowledgement of Irish Loss Absorption Powers will be governed by Irish law. No assurance can be given 
as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or Irish law or administrative practice 
after the date of issue of the relevant Notes. Such changes in law may include, but are not limited to, the 
introduction of a variety of statutory resolution and loss absorption tools which may affect the rights of holders
of the Notes. Such tools may include the ability to write off sums otherwise payable on the Notes.

--- Page 50 ---
43
51
The Notes are not protected under any deposit scheme
Under the European Communities (Deposit Guarantee Schemes) Regulations 2015, the Central Bank operates 
a statutory depositor protection scheme. Holders of the Notes will not qualify under the deposit protection 
scheme.
52
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium
The market values of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount tend to fluctuate 
more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. 
Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to 
conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities.
Risks Related to the Market Generally
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk:
53
The secondary market generally
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be liquid and may be sensitive to changes in financial markets. Therefore, investors may 
not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market. This may particularly be the case for Notes that are 
especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or 
strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These 
types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than 
conventional debt securities. In addition, liquidity may be limited if the Issuer makes large allocations to a 
limited number of investors. Illiquidity may have a severe adverse effect on the market value of Notes. If a 
market for the Notes does develop, the trading price of the Notes may be subject to wide fluctuations in response 
to many factors, including those referred to in this risk factor, as well as stock market fluctuations and general 
economic conditions that may adversely affect the market price of the Notes. Publicly traded notes from time 
to time experience significant price and volume fluctuations that may be unrelated to the operating performance 
of the companies that have issued them, and such volatility may be increased in an illiquid market. If any market 
in the Notes does develop, it may become severely restricted, or may disappear, if the financial condition 
deteriorates such that there is an actual or perceived increased likelihood of the Issuer being unable to pay 
interest on the Notes in full, or of the Notes being subject to loss absorption under an applicable statutory loss 
absorption regime. In addition, the market price of the Notes may fluctuate significantly in response to a number 
of factors, some of which are beyond the Issuer’s control, including:

actual or expected variations in the Group’s operating performance;

any shortfall in revenue or net profit or any increase in losses from levels expected by market 
commentators;

increases in capital expenditure compared with expectations;

any perception that the Group’s strategy is or may be less effective than previously assumed or that the 
Group is not effectively implementing any significant projects;

changes in financial estimates by securities analysts;

changes in market valuations of similar entities;

--- Page 51 ---
44

announcements by the Group of significant acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint ventures, new 
initiatives, new services or new service ranges;

regulatory matters, including changes in regulatory regulations or Central Bank requirements;

additions or departures of key personnel; and

future issues or sales of Notes or other notes.
Any or all of these events could result in material fluctuations in the price of Notes which could lead to investors 
losing some or all of their investment.
The issue price of the Notes might not be indicative of prices that will prevail in the trading market, and there 
can be no assurance that an investor would be able to sell its Notes at or near the price which it paid for them, 
or at a price that would provide it with a yield comparable to more conventional investments that have a 
developed secondary market.
Moreover, although the Issuer and any subsidiary of the Issuer can (subject to regulatory approval and 
compliance with prevailing prudential requirements) purchase Notes at any time, they have no obligation to do 
so. Purchases made by the Issuer or any member of the Group could affect the liquidity of the secondary market 
of the Notes and thus the price and the conditions under which investors can negotiate these Notes on the 
secondary market.
In addition, Holders should be aware of the prevailing and widely reported global credit market conditions 
(which continue, to some extent, at the date of the Base Prospectus), whereby there has been a general lack of 
liquidity in the secondary market which, if it were to continue or worsen in future, could result in investors 
suffering losses on the Notes in secondary resales even if there were no decline in the performance of the Notes 
or the assets of the Issuer. The Issuer cannot predict whether these circumstances will change and whether, if 
and when they do change, there will be a more liquid market for the Notes and instruments similar to the Notes 
at that time.
Although application has been made for the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin, 
there is no assurance that such application will be accepted or that an active trading market in any Notes issued 
under the Programme (whether listed on Euronext Dublin or not) will develop.
54
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency (as defined in Condition 16 of 
the Senior Notes and the Subordinated Notes). This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an 
investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s 
Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly 
change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s 
Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify 
exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency 
would decrease (i) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor’s Currency-
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value 
of the Notes in the Investor’s Currency.
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of AIB to make payments in respect of the Notes. As 
a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal.

--- Page 52 ---
45
55
Interest rate risks
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes or Resettable Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest 
rates may adversely affect the value of Fixed Rate Notes or Resettable Notes, as the case may be as measured 
in the Investor’s Currency.
56
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to an issue of Notes. The ratings may 
not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, the additional factors discussed above, 
and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. Further, one or more credit rating agencies may from 
time to time release unsolicited credit ratings reports in relation to the Notes without the consent or knowledge 
of AIB. AIB does not have any control over such reports or analyses and any adverse credit rating of the Notes 
could adversely affect the value of Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time.
In general, EU regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration application is pending. Such 
general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless 
the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating 
agency is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, 
as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances). 
UK regulated investors are restricted under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”) from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes unless 
such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that 
apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration application is pending. Such general restriction will also 
apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-UK credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are 
endorsed by a UK-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-UK rating agency is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has 
not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the EU CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory 
purposes in the EU or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which 
may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market.
57
The Issuer is exposed to changing methodology by rating agencies
The Issuer is exposed to changes in the rating methodologies applied by rating agencies. Any adverse changes 
of such methodologies may result in a change in the ratings given to AIB or the Notes which in turn may 
materially and adversely affect AIB’s operations or financial condition and capital market standing.

--- Page 53 ---
46
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
The following documents shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus:
(a)
(i) the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer prepared in accordance with IFRS for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2021, together with the audit report thereon as set out on pages 217
to 366, (ii) the sections titled “Our Board of Directors” and “Our Executive Committee” on pages 36 to 
41 and (iii) the section entitled “Operating and financial review” on pages 58 to 72, in each case of the 
annual financial report of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2021 (the “2021 Annual Financial 
Report”), available at:
https://aib.ie/content/dam/frontdoor/investorrelations/docs/resultscentre/annualreport/2021/aib-group-
plc-2021-annual-financial-report-3-march-2022.pdf;
(b)
(i) the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer prepared in accordance with IFRS for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2020, together with the audit report thereon as set out on pages 215
to 360 of the annual financial report of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2020, available at:
https://aib.ie/content/dam/frontdoor/investorrelations/docs/resultscentre/annualreport/aib-group-plc-
2020-annual-financial-report.pdf;
(c)
the Pillar 3 disclosures of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021, available at:
https://aib.ie/content/dam/frontdoor/investorrelations/docs/resultscentre/pillar3/aib-group-plc-q4-2021-
pillar-3-disclosures.pdf;
(d)
the terms and conditions of the Notes as contained in pages 50 to 146 of the base prospectus dated 7 
May 2021 in respect of the Programme, available at:
https://aib.ie/content/dam/frontdoor/investorrelations/docs/aib-group-plc-
%E2%82%AC10,000,000,000-euro-medium-term-note-programme-7th-may-2021.pdf;
(e)
the terms and conditions of the Notes as contained in pages 48 to 121 of the base prospectus dated 21 
September 2020 in respect of the Programme, available at:
https://aib.ie/content/dam/frontdoor/investorrelations/docs/issuance%20programme/aib-group-plc-
term-note-programme-sept-2020.pdf;
(f)
the terms and conditions of the Notes as contained in pages 37 to 108 of the base prospectus dated 14 
May 2019 in respect of the Programme, available at:
https://aib.ie/content/dam/aib/investorrelations/docs/issuance%20programme/prospectus-190514-
final.pdf; 
(g)
the terms and conditions of the Notes as contained in pages 39 to 102 of the base prospectus dated 14 
March 2018 in respect of the Programme, available at:
https://aib.ie/content/dam/aib/investorrelations/docs/issuance%20programme/10-million-euro-
medium-term-note-programme.pdf; and
(h)
the section “Amendments to the “Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes” Section” on pages 6 and 7 
of the supplement dated 25 June 2018 to the base prospectus dated 14 March 2018 in respect of the 
Programme, available at:
https://aib.ie/content/dam/aib/investorrelations/docs/issuance%20programme/aib-group-plc-
10000000000-euro-medium-term-note-programme-supplement.pdf,

--- Page 54 ---
47
save that any statement contained herein, or in a document all or the relative portion of which is incorporated 
by reference herein, shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to 
the extent that a statement contained herein or in any such document, all or the relative portion of which is 
deemed to be incorporated by reference herein, modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether 
expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except 
as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus may be obtained (without charge) from 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
https://aib.ie/investorrelations
and
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin/bonds/list.
The Issuer’s website and its contents are not otherwise incorporated into, and do not form part of, this Base
Prospectus.
Alternative Performance Measures
In addition to the financial information prepared in accordance with IFRS, this Base Prospectus includes certain 
alternative performance measures (“APMs”) as defined in the guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures 
issued by the European Securities and Markets Authority on 5 October 2015 (ESMA/2015/1415) (the “ESMA
APM Guidelines”). The ESMA APM Guidelines define an APM as a financial measure of historical or future 
performance, financial position, or cash flows, other than a financial measure defined or specified in the 
applicable financial reporting framework.
AIB uses certain APMs, which have not been audited, for a better understanding of its financial performance. 
These measures are considered additional disclosures and in no case replace the financial information prepared 
under IFRS. Moreover, the way AIB defines and calculates these measures may differ from the way similar 
measures are calculated by other companies. Accordingly, they may not be comparable.
In the “Operating and financial review” section in the 2021 Annual Financial Report, which is incorporated by 
reference herein, AIB’s results of operations are presented on a management basis with exceptional items 
reported separately. Exceptional items are items that management believes obscure the underlying performance 
trends in the business. See “Operating and financial review—Alternative performance measures” in the 2021
Annual Financial Report, which is incorporated by reference herein, for a description of exceptional items that 
management believes obscure the underlying performance trends in the business and a reconciliation to each 
resulting APM from the most directly reconcilable IFRS line item.
For further information, including a complete list of APMs, including definitions and reconciliations, see 
“Operating and financial review—Alternative performance measures” in the 2021 Annual Financial Report, 
which is incorporated by reference herein.

--- Page 55 ---
48
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION
If at any time AIB shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, AIB will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base 
Prospectus as required by the Central Bank and Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.
AIB has given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during the duration of the Programme a 
significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy arises or is noted relating to the information included in 
this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting an assessment by investors of any Notes and whose inclusion 
would reasonably be expected by them to be found in this Base Prospectus, for the purpose of enabling them to 
make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of 
AIB and/or of the rights attaching to such Notes, AIB shall update or prepare an amendment or supplement to 
this Base Prospectus or publish a replacement base prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent 
offering of the Notes and shall supply to each Dealer such number of copies of such supplement hereto as such 
Dealer may reasonably request.

--- Page 56 ---
49
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME
AIB may, from time to time, issue Notes denominated in such currencies as may be agreed with the relevant 
Dealer(s).
The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”). Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a “Tranche”) 
on the same or different issue dates. The issue price, issue date, maturity date, principal amount, interest rate (if 
any) applicable to any Notes, ranking and any other relevant provisions of such Notes will be agreed between 
AIB and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of agreement to issue and will be specified in the Final Terms in 
respect of such Notes. In accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, the European Union (Prospectus) 
Regulations 2019 and Central Bank (Investment Market Conduct) Rules 2019, all Final Terms in respect of 
Listed Notes will be filed with the Central Bank.
Subject as set out herein, this Base Prospectus and any supplement hereto will only be valid for listing Notes 
up to an aggregate principal amount of €10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in the other currencies specified 
herein) outstanding at any one time calculated on the basis specified in the Trust Deed.

--- Page 57 ---
50
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES
The following (other than any sections in italics) is the text of the terms and conditions which, subject to 
completion and amendment and as supplemented or varied in accordance with the provisions of Part A of the 
relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Senior Notes in definitive form (if any) issued in exchange for 
Notes represented by a Note or Certificate in global form. Either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions 
together with the relevant provisions of Part A of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so 
completed, amended, supplemented or varied (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable 
provisions), shall be endorsed on such Bearer Notes or on Certificates relating to such Registered Notes (each 
capitalised term as defined below). All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the 
meanings given to them in Part A of the relevant Final Terms. Those definitions will be endorsed on the definitive 
Notes or Certificates, as the case may be. References in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Senior Notes of 
one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme.
The Notes are constituted by a Trust Deed dated 25 March 2022 (as amended or supplemented as at the date of 
issue of the Notes (the “Issue Date”), the “Trust Deed”) between AIB Group plc (the “Issuer”) and BNY Mellon 
Corporate Trustee Services Limited (the “Trustee”, which expression shall include all persons for the time being 
the trustee or trustees under the Trust Deed) as trustee for the Noteholders (as defined below). These terms and 
conditions (the “Conditions”) include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust 
Deed, which includes the form of the Bearer Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons (as defined below). An 
Agency Agreement dated 14 March 2018 (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the “Agency 
Agreement”) has been entered into in relation to the Notes between the Issuer, the Trustee, The Bank of New 
York Mellon, London Branch as initial issuing and paying agent and the other agents named in it. The issuing 
and paying agent, the other paying agents, the registrar, the transfer agents and the calculation agent(s) for the 
time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the “Issuing and Paying Agent”, the “Paying Agents” 
(which expression shall include the Issuing and Paying Agent), the “Registrar”, the “Transfer Agents” and the 
“Calculation Agent(s)”. Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are available for inspection free 
of charge during usual business hours at the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents and the Transfer 
Agents.
The Noteholders (as defined below), the holders of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest 
bearing Notes in bearer form and, where applicable in the case of such Notes in bearer form, talons for further 
Coupons (the “Talons”) (the “Couponholders”) are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed to 
have notice of all the provisions of the Trust Deed and are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement applicable to them.
1
Form, Denomination and Title
The Notes are issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) or in registered form (“Registered Notes”), in each case 
in the Specified Denomination(s) (as defined hereon).
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Resettable Note, a Floating Rate Note, or a Zero Coupon Note.
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached, 
save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest due 
after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. 
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates (“Certificates”) and, save as provided in Condition 
2(b), each Certificate shall represent the entire holding of Registered Notes by the same holder.
Title to the Bearer Notes, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Title to the Registered Notes shall pass 
by registration in the register that the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the Registrar in accordance with the

--- Page 58 ---
51
provisions of the Agency Agreement (the “Register”). Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction 
or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and 
may be treated as the absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice 
of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it (or on the Certificate representing it) or its theft or loss 
(or that of the related Certificate) and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder.
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” means the bearer of any Bearer Note or the person in whose name a 
Registered Note is registered (as the case may be), “holder” (in relation to a Note, Coupon or Talon) means the 
bearer of any Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon or the person in whose name a Registered Note is registered (as 
the case may be) and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them hereon, the absence of any such 
meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes.
2
No Exchange of Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes
(a)
No Exchange of Notes
Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes. Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for 
Registered Notes. Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes 
of another Specified Denomination. 
(b)
Transfer of Registered Notes
One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon the surrender (at the specified office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the Certificate representing such Registered Notes to be transferred, 
together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Certificate (or another form of transfer substantially 
in the same form and containing the same representations and certifications (if any), unless otherwise 
agreed by the Issuer), duly completed and executed and any other evidence as the Registrar or Transfer 
Agent may reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Registered Notes 
represented by one Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the transferee in respect of the part 
transferred and a further new Certificate in respect of the balance of the holding not transferred shall be 
issued to the transferor. In the case of a transfer of Registered Notes to a person who is already a holder 
of Registered Notes, a new Certificate representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued against 
surrender of the Certificate representing the existing holding. All transfers of Notes and entries on the 
Register will be made subject to the detailed regulations concerning transfers of Notes scheduled to the 
Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer, with the prior written approval of 
the Registrar, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Transfer Agents and the Trustee. A copy of the current 
regulations will be made available by the Registrar to any Noteholder upon request.
(c)
Delivery of New Certificates
Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Condition 2(b) shall be available for delivery within three 
business days of receipt of a duly completed and executed form of transfer and surrender of the existing 
Certificate(s). Delivery of the new Certificate(s) shall be made at the specified office of the Transfer 
Agent or of the Registrar (as the case may be) to whom delivery or surrender of such form of transfer 
and Certificate(s) shall have been made or, at the option of the holder making such delivery or surrender 
as aforesaid and as specified in the relevant form of transfer or otherwise in writing, be mailed by 
uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Certificate to such address as may be so 
specified, unless such holder requests otherwise and pays in advance to the relevant Transfer Agent or 
the Registrar (as the case may be) the costs of such other method of delivery and/or such insurance as it 
may specify. In this Condition 2(c), “business day” means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on

--- Page 59 ---
52
which banks are open for business in the place of the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent or 
the Registrar (as the case may be).
(d)
Transfers Free of Charge
Certificates, on transfer, shall be issued and registered without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment of any tax or other governmental charges that may 
be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer 
Agent may require).
(e)
Closed Periods
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered (i) during the period of 15 
days ending on (and including) the due date for redemption of that Note, (ii) during the period of 15 days 
prior to (and including) any date on which Notes may be called for redemption by the Issuer at its option 
pursuant to Condition 5(f), (iii) after any such Note has been called for redemption or (iv) during the 
period of seven days ending on (and including) any Record Date. 
3
Status
(a)
Status
The Notes and Coupons constitute unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall at 
all times rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves. The payment obligations of the 
Issuer under the Notes and Coupons shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable 
legislation, at all times rank at least equally with all its other present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations.
(b)
No Set-off
This Condition 3(b) shall apply only if “Waiver of Set-off” is specified on this Note as being applicable.
Subject to applicable law, no holder of a Note, or a Coupon relating thereto, may exercise, claim or plead 
any right of set-off, compensation or retention in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer in respect 
of, arising under, or in connection with the Notes or the Coupons relating thereto or the Trust Deed and 
each holder of a Note or a Coupon relating thereto shall, by virtue of his holding of any such Note or 
Coupon, be deemed, to the extent permitted under applicable law, to have waived all such rights of set-
off, compensation or retention. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if any of the amounts owing to 
any Noteholder or Couponholder by the Issuer in respect of or arising under or in connection with the 
Notes or the Coupons relating thereto is discharged by set-off, such Noteholder and Couponholder shall, 
subject to applicable law, immediately pay an amount equal to the amount of such discharge to the Issuer 
(or in the event of its winding-up or examinership, the liquidator or, as applicable, examiner of the Issuer) 
and accordingly such discharge will be deemed not to have taken place, and until such payment is made 
shall hold an amount equal thereto in trust for the Issuer (or, as the case may be, the liquidator or, as 
applicable, examiner of the Issuer).
4
Interest and other Calculations
(a)
Interest on the Notes
(i)
Interest Payment Dates (Floating Rate Notes)
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of

--- Page 60 ---
53
Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of 
interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 4(f). Such Interest Payment 
Date(s) is/are either shown hereon as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest 
Payment Date(s) is/are shown hereon, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the 
number of months or other period shown hereon as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement 
Date.
(ii)
Business Day Convention
If any date referred to in these Conditions which is specified to be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day (as defined below), then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the 
Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such 
date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent 
such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had 
it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to 
the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such 
date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.
(iii)
Rate of Interest for Fixed Rate Notes
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of 
Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of 
interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 4(f).
(iv)
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Period shall be determined 
in the manner specified hereon and the provisions below relating to any of ISDA Determination,
Screen Rate Determination or Linear Interpolation shall apply, depending upon which is specified 
hereon.
(A)
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes
Where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period shall be determined by 
the Calculation Agent as, subject to Condition 4(e), a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Period means a 
rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under 
a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions 
and under which:
(x)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified hereon;
(y)
the Designated Maturity is a period specified hereon; and
(z)
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Period unless otherwise 
specified hereon.

--- Page 61 ---
54
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap Transaction” 
have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions.
(B)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes – Term Rates
(x)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, and unless the Reference Rate in respect of the 
relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes is specified hereon as being “SONIA” or 
“SOFR”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject to Condition 4(e), 
Condition 4(i) and as provided below, be either:
(i)
the offered quotation; or
(ii)
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations,
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time in the case of Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”)) on the 
Interest Determination Date in question as determined by the Calculation Agent. If 
five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, 
the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations.
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes is 
specified hereon as being other than EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of 
such Notes will be determined as provided hereon.
(y)
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if sub-paragraph (x)(i) above applies 
and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or if sub-
paragraph (x)(ii) above applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear 
on the Relevant Screen Page, in each case at the time specified above, subject as 
provided below, the Calculation Agent shall request, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks, to 
provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum) for the Reference Rate if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in 
question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with 
such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall, subject 
to Condition 4(e), be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined 
by the Calculation Agent.
(z)
If paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than 
two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided below, 
the Rate of Interest shall, subject to Condition 4(e), be the arithmetic mean of the 
rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request 
of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at 
which such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have

--- Page 62 ---
55
been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market or, if fewer than two of the Reference 
Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits 
in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or 
more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for 
such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, provided that, if the 
Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
of this paragraph (and subject to Condition 4(i)), the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied 
to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period).
(C)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded SONIA
(x)
SONIA Compounded Index Rate
Where (i) Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined; (ii) the Reference Rate is specified hereon 
as being SONIA; and (iii) SONIA Compounded Index Rate is specified hereon as 
being applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject to 
Condition 4(e) and Condition 4(i), be the SONIA Compounded Index Rate 
determined as follows:
“SONIA Compounded Index Rate” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment during the SONIA 
Observation Period relating to such Interest Period (with the daily Sterling 
overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as 
follows:
 	 
 
	 
 
−1 × 365
 
provided, however, that and subject to Condition 4(i), if the SONIA Compounded 
Index Value is not available in relation to any Interest Period on the Relevant 
Screen 
Page 
or 
on 
the 
Bank 
of 
England’s 
website 
at 
www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such other page or website as 
may replace such page for the purposes of publishing the SONIA Compounded 
Index) for the determination of either or both of SONIA Compounded IndexSTART
and/or SONIA Compounded IndexEND, the Rate of Interest shall be calculated for 
such Interest Period on the basis of the SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate 
as set out in Condition 4(a)(iv)(C)(y) as if SONIA Compounded Daily Reference 
Rate with Observation Shift had been specified hereon as being applicable and the

--- Page 63 ---
56
“Relevant Screen Page” shall be deemed to be the “Relevant Fallback Screen Page” 
as specified hereon,
where:
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant SONIA Observation Period;
“London Business Day”, means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
“p” means, for any Interest Period, the whole number specified hereon (or, if no 
such number is so specified, five) representing a number of London Business Days;
“SONIA Compounded Index” means the index known as the SONIA Compounded 
Index administered by the Bank of England (or any successor administrator 
thereof);
“SONIA Compounded Index Value” means, in relation to any London Business 
Day, the value of the SONIA Compounded Index as published by authorised 
distributors on the Relevant Screen Page on such London Business Day or, if the 
value of the SONIA Compounded Index cannot be obtained from the Relevant 
Screen Page, as published on the Bank of England’s website at 
www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such other page or website as 
may replace such page for the purposes of publishing the SONIA Compounded 
Index) in respect of such London Business Day;
“SONIA Compounded IndexEND” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the 
SONIA Compounded Index Value on the last day of the relevant SONIA 
Observation Period;
“SONIA Compounded IndexSTART” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the 
SONIA Compounded Index Value on the first day of the relevant SONIA 
Observation Period; and
“SONIA Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period 
from (and including) the date falling “p” London Business Days prior to the first 
day of such Interest Period (and the first SONIA Observation Period shall begin on 
(and include) the date which is “p” London Business Days prior to the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on (but excluding) the date which is “p” London 
Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the 
date falling “p” London Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Notes become due and payable).
(y)
SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate
Where (i) Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined; (ii) the Reference Rate is specified hereon 
as being SONIA; and (iii) SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate is specified 
hereon as being applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject 
to Condition 4(e) and Condition 4(i), be the SONIA Compounded Daily Reference 
Rate determined as follows:

--- Page 64 ---
57
“SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate” means, in respect of an Interest 
Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily 
Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) 
and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, as follows:
!" 1 + 	$ × $
365
 −1
%&
$'(
) × 365

where:
“London Business Day”, “p” and “SONIA Observation Period” have the respective 
meanings set out in Condition 4(a)(iv)(C)(x);
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant:
(i)
SONIA Observation Period, where Observation Shift is specified hereon as 
being applicable; or
(ii)
Interest Period, where Lag is specified hereon as being applicable;
“do” is the number of London Business Days in the relevant:
(i)
SONIA Observation Period, where Observation Shift is specified hereon as 
being applicable; or
(ii)
Interest Period, where Lag is specified hereon as being applicable;
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
London Business Day in chronological order from (and including) the first London 
Business Day in the relevant:
(i)
SONIA Observation Period, where Observation Shift is specified hereon as 
being applicable, to (and including) the last London Business Day in the 
relevant SONIA Observation Period; or
(ii)
Interest Period, where Lag is specified hereon as being applicable, to (and 
including) the last London Business Day in the relevant Interest Period;
“ni”, for any London Business Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from 
(and including) such London Business Day “i” up to (but excluding) the next 
following London Business Day;
“SONIAi” means, in relation to any London Business Day, the SONIA reference 
rate in respect of:
(i)
that London Business Day “i”, where Observation Shift is specified hereon 
as being applicable; or
(ii)
the London Business Day (being a London Business Day falling in the 
relevant SONIA Observation Period) falling “p” London Business Days 
prior to the relevant London Business Day “i”, where Lag is specified 
hereon as being applicable; and
the “SONIA reference rate”, in respect of any London Business Day, is a reference 
rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for such

--- Page 65 ---
58
London Business Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page on the next 
following London Business Day or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as 
published by authorised distributors on such next following London Business Day 
or, if SONIA cannot be obtained from the Relevant Screen Page, as published on 
the Bank of England’s website at www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or 
such other page or website as may replace such page for the purposes of publishing 
the SONIA reference rate).
(z)
Subject to Condition 4(i), where SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate hereon 
and either (i) SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate is specified hereon as 
being applicable or (ii) the SONIA Compounded Index Rate is specified hereon as 
being applicable and Condition 4(a)(iv)(C)(y) applies, if, in respect of any London 
Business Day, the SONIA reference rate is not available on the Relevant Screen 
Page or the Relevant Fallback Screen Page as applicable (or as otherwise provided 
in the relevant definition thereof) or as published on the Bank of England’s website 
at www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such other page or website as 
may replace such page for the purposes of publishing the SONIA reference rate), 
such Reference Rate shall be:
(i)
(1) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at close 
of business on the relevant London Business Day; plus (2) the mean of the 
spread of the SONIA reference rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five 
days on which the SONIA reference rate has been published, excluding the 
highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those 
highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest 
spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate, or
(ii)
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA reference rate published on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or as otherwise provided in the relevant 
definition thereof) or (if later) as published on the Bank of England’s 
website at www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such other 
page or website as may replace such page for the purposes of publishing the 
SONIA reference rate) for the first preceding London Business Day on 
which the SONIA reference rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or as otherwise provided in the relevant definition thereof) or (if later) as 
published 
on 
the 
Bank 
of 
England’s 
website 
at 
www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such other page or 
website as may replace such page for the purposes of publishing the SONIA 
reference rate), and
in each case, SONIAi shall be interpreted accordingly.
(aa)
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 9, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination 
Date specified hereon, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due 
and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such 
Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such date and as if (solely for the 
purpose of such interest determination) the relevant Interest Period had been 
shortened accordingly.

--- Page 66 ---
59
(D)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded SOFR
(x)
SOFR Compounded Index Rate
Where (i) Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined; (ii) the Reference Rate is specified hereon 
as being SOFR; and (iii) SOFR Compounded Index Rate is specified hereon as 
being applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject to 
Condition 4(e) and as provided below, be the SOFR Compounded Index Rate 
determined as follows.
“SOFR Compounded Index Rate” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment during the SOFR 
Observation Period relating to such Interest Period (with the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as 
follows:
 *+ 
 
*+ 
 
−1 × 360
 
provided, however, that, and subject as provided below, if the SOFR Compounded 
Index Value is not available in relation to any Interest Period on the SOFR 
Administrator’s Website for the determination of either or both of SOFR 
Compounded IndexSTART and/or SOFR Compounded IndexEND and a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have not occurred 
with respect to such SOFR Compounded Index Value, the Rate of Interest shall be 
calculated for such Interest Period on the basis of the SOFR Compounded Daily 
Reference Rate as set out in Condition 4(a)(iv)(D)(y) as if SOFR Compounded 
Daily Reference Rate with Observation Shift had been specified hereon as being 
applicable,
where:
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
“p” means, for any Interest Period, the whole number specified hereon (or, if no 
such number is so specified, five) representing a number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days;
“SOFR” means the daily secured overnight financing rate as provided by the SOFR 
Administrator on the SOFR Administrator’s Website;
“SOFR Administrator” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of SOFR);
“SOFR Administrator’s Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York, or any successor source;
“SOFR Compounded Index” means the index known as SOFR Index administered 
by the SOFR Administrator;
“SOFR Compounded Index Value” means, in relation to any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, the value of the SOFR Compounded Index as published

--- Page 67 ---
60
by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at 3:00 p.m. 
(New York City time) on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day;
“SOFR Compounded IndexEND” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the SOFR 
Compounded Index Value on the last day of the relevant SOFR Observation Period;
“SOFR Compounded IndexSTART” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the SOFR 
Compounded Index Value on the first day of the relevant SOFR Observation 
Period; 
“SOFR Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period 
from (and including) the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the first SOFR Observation 
Period shall begin on (and include) the date which is “p” U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on 
(but excluding) the date which is “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling “p” 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes become due and payable); and
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, 
a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be 
closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, if both a Benchmark Transition Event 
and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to 
determining the SOFR Compounded Index Rate, the benchmark replacement 
provisions set forth in Condition 4(a)(iv)(D)(aa) below shall apply for the purposes 
of all determinations of the Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes.
(y)
SOFR Compounded Daily Reference Rate
Where (i) Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined; (ii) the Reference Rate is specified hereon 
as being SOFR; and (iii) SOFR Compounded Daily Reference Rate is specified 
hereon as being applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject 
to Condition 4(e) and as provided below, be the SOFR Compounded Daily 
Reference Rate determined as follows:
“SOFR Compounded Daily Reference Rate” means, in respect of an Interest 
Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
as follows:
!"1 + *+$ × $
360
 −1
%&
$'(
) × 360

where:

--- Page 68 ---
61
“p”, “SOFR Administrator”, “SOFR Administrator’s Website”, “SOFR 
Observation Period” and “U.S. Government Securities Business Day” have the 
respective meanings set out in Condition 4(a)(iv)(D)(x);
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant:
(i)
SOFR Observation Period, where Observation Shift is specified hereon as 
being applicable; or
(ii)
Interest Period, where Lag is specified hereon as being applicable;
“do” is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant:
(i)
SOFR Observation Period, where Observation Shift is specified hereon as 
being applicable; or
(ii)
Interest Period, where Lag is specified hereon as being applicable;
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from (and including) 
the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant:
(i)
SOFR Observation Period, where Observation Shift is specified hereon as 
being applicable, to (and including) the last U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in the relevant SOFR Observation Period; or
(ii)
Interest Period, where Lag is specified hereon as being applicable, to (and 
including) the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Period;
“ni”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”, means the number of 
calendar days from (and including) such U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
“i” up to (but excluding) the next following U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day;
“SOFRi” means, in relation to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the 
SOFR reference rate in respect of:
(i)
that U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”, where Observation Shift 
is specified hereon as being applicable; or
(ii)
the U.S. Government Securities Business Day (being a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day falling in the relevant SOFR Observation Period) 
falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”, where Lag is specified 
hereon as being applicable; and
the “SOFR reference rate” means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, a rate determined in accordance with the following provisions:
(i)
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day that appears on the SOFR Administrator’s Website 
at or about 3.00 p.m. (New York City time) on the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day immediately following such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day; and

--- Page 69 ---
62
(ii)
if the rate specified in paragraph (i) above does not so appear, unless both a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred, then the Calculation Agent shall use the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website for the first 
preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day on which the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate was published on the SOFR Administrator’s 
Website.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, if both a Benchmark Transition Event 
and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to 
determining the SOFR Compounded Daily Reference Rate, the benchmark 
replacement provisions set forth in Condition 4(a)(iv)(D)(aa) below shall apply for 
the purposes of all determinations of the Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes.
(z)
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 9, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination 
Date specified hereon, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due 
and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such 
Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such date and as if (solely for the 
purpose of such interest determination) the relevant Interest Period had been 
shortened accordingly.
(aa)
Notwithstanding any other provisions in these Conditions, if:
(i)
the Benchmark is SOFR; and
(ii)
any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to the Benchmark,
then the following provisions of this Condition 4(a)(iv)(D)(aa) shall apply.
(I)
Benchmark Replacement
If the Issuer or its designee determines prior to the Reference Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date that a Benchmark Transition Event and 
its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the 
then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the 
then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of 
all determinations on such date and all determinations on all subsequent 
dates (subject to any subsequent application of this Condition 
4(a)(iv)(D)(aa) with respect to such Benchmark Replacement).
(II)
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the 
Issuer or its designee will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes from time to time.
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee of an 
officer’s certificate pursuant to Condition 4(a)(iv)(D)(aa)(IV) and subject 
as provided below, the Trustee shall (at the expense of the Issuer), without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, be obliged 
to concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes (including, inter alia, by the execution of a

--- Page 70 ---
63
supplemental trust deed to or amending the Trust Deed), provided that the 
Trustee shall not be obliged so to concur if in the opinion of the Trustee 
doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any 
additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the 
protective provisions afforded to the Trustee in the Trust Deed (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental trust deed) in any way.
The Calculation Agent or any Paying Agent is not obliged to concur with 
the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
which, in the sole opinion of the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying 
Agent, as the case may be, would impose more onerous obligations upon it 
or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce 
or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent or the 
relevant Paying Agent (as applicable) in the Agency Agreement.
None of the Trustee, the Calculation Agent or any Paying Agent shall have 
any liability for any determination made by or on behalf of the Issuer or its 
designee in connection with a Benchmark Transition Event or a Benchmark 
Replacement. For the avoidance of doubt, unless otherwise agreed upon in 
writing, the Trustee, the Calculation Agent or any Paying Agent shall in no 
event be the Issuer’s designee.
(III)
Decisions and Determinations
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer or 
its designee pursuant to this Condition 4(a)(iv)(D)(aa), including (without 
limitation) any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or 
of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and 
any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will 
be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, may be made in the 
Issuer’s or its designee’s sole discretion (as applicable), and, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Conditions or the Trust 
Deed, shall become effective without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of Noteholders or any other party.
In connection with any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes in 
accordance with this Condition 4(a)(iv)(D)(aa), the Issuer shall comply with 
the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being 
listed or admitted to trading.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(a)(iv)(D)(aa), no 
Benchmark Replacement will be adopted, nor will the applicable 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment be applied, nor will any Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes be made, if and to the extent that, in the 
determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to 
prejudice the then current or future qualification of the Notes as Tier 2 
Capital.
(IV)
Notice and Certification
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and 
the specific terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes

--- Page 71 ---
64
determined under this Condition 4(a)(iv)(D)(aa) will be notified at least 10 
business days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date by the Issuer 
to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, promptly 
thereafter, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders. Such notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes, if any.
No later than notifying the Noteholders of the same, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Trustee an officer’s certificate: 
(A)
confirming (a) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (b) 
the Benchmark Replacement, (c) the applicable Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment and (d) the specific terms of the 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (if any), in each case 
as determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 
4(a)(iv)(D)(aa); and
(B)
certifying that the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (if 
any) are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Benchmark 
Replacement 
and the 
applicable 
Benchmark 
Replacement 
Adjustment.
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without liability to 
any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Benchmark Replacement, 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the 
absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Benchmark 
Replacement, the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes (if any) and without prejudice to the 
Trustee’s ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the 
Issuer, the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the 
Noteholders.
(V)
Definitions
In this Condition 4(a)(iv)(D)(aa): 
“Benchmark” means, initially, SOFR (provided that if a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used in the 
calculation thereof) or any Benchmark which has replaced it in accordance 
with this Condition 4(a)(iv)(D)(aa), then the term “Benchmark” means the 
applicable Benchmark Replacement);
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set out in the order 
below that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as at the 
Benchmark Replacement Date:
(A)
the sum of: (1) the alternative rate of interest that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark and (2) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment;

--- Page 72 ---
65
(B)
the sum of: (1) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (2) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; or
(C)
the sum of: (1) the alternative rate of interest that has been selected 
by the Issuer or its designee as the replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate 
of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. 
dollar denominated floating rate notes at such time and (2) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set out in 
the order below that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as at 
the Benchmark Replacement Date:
(A)
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero), or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement;
(B)
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent 
to the ISDA Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or
(C)
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero) that has been selected by the Issuer or its designee giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method 
for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the 
replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar denominated 
floating rate notes at such time;
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to 
any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational 
changes (including changes to the definition of Interest Period, timing and 
frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding 
amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer or its 
designee decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such 
Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market 
practice (or, if the Issuer or its designee decides that adoption of any portion 
of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer or its 
designee determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark 
Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer or its designee 
determines is reasonably necessary);
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the 
daily published component used in the calculation thereof):
(A)
in the case of paragraph (A) or (B) of the definition of “Benchmark 
Transition Event”, the later of (1) the date of the public statement or 
publication of information referenced therein and (2) the date on 
which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or

--- Page 73 ---
66
indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
or
(B)
in the case of paragraph (C) of the definition of “Benchmark 
Transition Event”, the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein.
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Benchmark 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference 
Time for such determination;
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the 
daily published component used in the calculation thereof):
(A)
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing 
that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component), permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component);
(B)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component), the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or 
such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark 
(or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency 
or resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark (or 
such component), which states that the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide 
the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); or
(C)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that 
the Benchmark is no longer representative;
“designee” means an affiliate or any other agent of the Issuer; 
“ISDA Definitions” has the meaning given to it in Condition 16; 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be 
a positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark;

--- Page 74 ---
67
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the 
applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark 
means (A) if the Benchmark is SOFR, 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) or 
such other time as is reasonably agreed between the Issuer or its designee 
and the Calculation Agent and (B) if the Benchmark is not SOFR, the time 
determined by the Issuer or its designee in accordance with the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes; 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board and/or 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed 
or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York or any successor thereto; and
“Unadjusted 
Benchmark 
Replacement” 
means 
the 
Benchmark 
Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.
(E)
Linear Interpolation
Where Linear Interpolation is specified hereon as applicable in respect of an Interest 
Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as applicable) or 
the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as 
applicable), one of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period, provided however, that if there is no such rate available for the period of 
time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Issuer shall determine such 
rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate.
(b)
Resettable Notes
(i)
Each Resettable Note bears interest on its outstanding amount:
(A)
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date up to (but excluding) the First 
Resettable Note Reset Date at the Initial Rate of Interest;
(B)
from (and including) the First Resettable Note Reset Date to (but excluding) the Second 
Resettable Note Reset Date or, if no such Second Resettable Note Reset Date is specified 
hereon, the Maturity Date, at the First Reset Rate of Interest; and
(C)
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate 
of Interest.
Interest will be payable in arrear on each Resettable Note Interest Payment Date and on the date 
specified hereon as the Maturity Date.

--- Page 75 ---
68
(ii)
Fallback Provisions for Resettable Notes
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap 
Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Calculation Agent shall request each of 
the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation 
as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on the 
Reset Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum 
of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. 
being rounded upwards) of the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the First Margin 
or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) with such sum converted as set out in the definition of First 
Reset Rate of Interest or Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable), all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent.
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 4(b)(ii), the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate 
of Interest (as applicable) shall be determined to be the Rate of Interest as at the last preceding 
Resettable Note Reset Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the First Reset 
Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest (though substituting, in each case, the 
Subsequent Margin or First Margin, as appropriate, if different for each Reset Period).
(c)
Zero Coupon Notes
Where a Note, the Interest Basis of which is specified to be zero coupon, is repayable prior to the 
Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be 
the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any 
overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 5(e)(i)).
(d)
Accrual of Interest
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon due presentation, 
payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (both before 
and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 4 to the Relevant 
Date (as defined in Condition 16).
(e)
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts and Rounding
(i)
If any Margin is specified hereon (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more Interest 
Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of 
Interest for the specified Interest Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with 
Condition 4(a) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting (if a negative number) the 
absolute value of such Margin specified on the Notes, subject always to the next paragraph.
(ii)
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Optional Redemption Amount is specified on 
the Notes, then such Rate of Interest or Optional Redemption Amount shall be subject to such 
maximum or minimum, as the case may be.
(iii)
Unless otherwise stated hereon, the Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest Period shall not be 
less than zero.

--- Page 76 ---
69
(iv)
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 of a percentage point 
being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (provided that if 
the eighth significant figure is a 5 or greater, the seventh significant figure shall be rounded up) 
and (z) all currency amounts which fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of 
such currency (with half a unit being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded 
down to the nearest yen. For these purposes, “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency 
which is available as legal tender in the countries of such currency.
(f)
Calculations
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any Interest Period
shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount specified hereon, and the 
Day Count Fraction for such Interest Period, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) 
is applicable to such Interest Period, in which case the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be 
calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest 
Periods, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall 
be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest Periods. In respect of any 
other period for which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the 
Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required to be calculated.
(g)
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption Amounts
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on each Interest Determination Date, or (if 
applicable) Reset Determination Date or such other time on such date as it may be required to calculate 
any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate 
and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period, calculate the Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, obtain such 
quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest 
and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Period or Reset Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date 
and/or Resettable Note Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount to be notified to the Trustee, the 
Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of 
the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are 
listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange or other relevant authority so require, such 
exchange or other relevant authority as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later 
than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period, if determined prior to such 
time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all 
other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any date is subject to adjustment 
pursuant to Condition 4(a)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date or Resettable Note 
Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made with the consent of the Trustee by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of 
an extension or shortening of the Interest Period or Reset Period. If the Notes become due and payable 
under Condition 9, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall, 
subject in the case of each of the SONIA Compounded Index Rate, the SONIA Compounded Daily 
Reference Rate, the SOFR Compounded Index Rate and the SOFR Compounded Daily Reference Rate 
to Condition 4(a)(iv)(C) or 4(a)(iv)(D, as applicable, nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously

--- Page 77 ---
70
in accordance with this Condition 4 but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so 
calculated need be made unless the Trustee otherwise requires. The determination of any rate or amount, 
the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation 
Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties.
(h)
Calculation Agents
The Issuer will procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if provision is 
made for them in the Conditions applicable to this Note and for so long as it is outstanding. Where more 
than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the 
Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under 
the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent 
fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or Reset Period or to calculate any Interest 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Final Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as 
the case may be, or to comply with any other requirements, the Issuer will appoint a leading bank or 
financial institution engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter 
index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made 
by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or any other office actively involved 
in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a 
successor having been appointed as aforesaid.
(i)
Benchmark Discontinuation
If (i) the Original Reference Rate is not SOFR and (ii) a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the
Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply (with 
effect from 30 days prior to the first date when such determination is necessary).
(i)
Independent Adviser
The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, to consult with the Issuer in determining a Successor Rate, failing which 
an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 4(i)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 4(i)(iv)).
In making such determination, the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4(i) 
and the Issuer shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. In the absence of 
bad faith or fraud, the Issuer and the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to 
the Issuer, the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents or the Noteholders, as 
applicable, for any determination made by the Issuer and/or for any advice given to the Issuer in 
connection with any determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 4(i).
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Issuer fails to determine a 
Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 4(i) prior 
to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding 
Interest Period shall (subject as provided below) be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined 
in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period. If there has not 
been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest. Where 
a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to 
the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate

--- Page 78 ---
71
of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this 
paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent 
Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 4(i)(i).
For the purposes of this Condition 4(i) only, in respect of any Resettable Notes, references to (i) 
Interest Determination Date shall be read as references to Reset Determination Date, (ii) Interest 
Period shall be read as references to Reset Period and (iii) Interest Payment Date shall be read as 
references to Resettable Note Reset Date.
(ii)
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner, determines that:
(A)
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread 
shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate 
of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 4(i)); or
(B)
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate 
and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 
4(i)).
(iii)
Adjustment Spread
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment Spread) 
shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).
(iv)
Benchmark Amendments
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread 
is determined in accordance with this Condition 4(i) and the Issuer, following consultation with 
the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions and/or the Trust Deed are necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the 
terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in 
accordance with Condition 4(i)(v) without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
Noteholders, vary these Conditions and/or of the Trust Deed to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee of an officer’s certificate pursuant 
to Condition 4(i)(v), the Trustee shall (at the expense of the Issuer), without any requirement for 
the consent or approval of the Noteholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any 
Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a supplemental trust deed to 
or amending the Trust Deed), provided that the Trustee shall not be obliged so to concur if in the 
opinion of the Trustee doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to 
any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions 
afforded to the Trustee in the Trust Deed (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental 
trust deed) in any way.

--- Page 79 ---
72
The Calculation Agent or any Paying Agent is not obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting 
any Benchmark Amendments which, in the sole opinion of the Calculation Agent or the relevant 
Paying Agent, as the case may be, would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it 
to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions 
afforded to the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent (as applicable) in the Agency 
Agreement.
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4(i), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(i), no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
will be adopted, nor will the applicable Adjustment Spread be applied, nor will any Benchmark 
Amendments be made, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could 
reasonably be expected to prejudice the then current or future qualification of the Notes as own 
funds and eligible liabilities or loss absorbing capacity instruments for the purposes of the 
Relevant Regulator or by the Loss Absorption Regulations in the case of Notes that are Loss 
Absorption Notes or further, in the case of Loss Absorption Notes, could reasonably be expected 
to result in the Relevant Regulator treating the next Interest Payment Date or Reset Date, as the 
effective maturity date of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date.
(v)
Notices, etc.
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 4(i) will be notified at least 10 
business days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date by the Issuer to the Trustee, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, promptly thereafter, in accordance with Condition 13, 
the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the 
Benchmark Amendments, if any.
No later than notifying the Noteholders of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee an 
officer’s certificate: 
(A)
confirming (a) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (b) the Successor Rate or, as the case 
may be, the Alternative Rate, (c) the applicable Adjustment Spread and (d) the specific 
terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each case as determined in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition 4(i); and
(B)
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread.
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without liability to any person) as 
sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread 
and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of 
manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the 
Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the 
Trustee’s ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders.

--- Page 80 ---
73
(vi)
Survival of Original Reference Rate
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Conditions 4(i)(i), 4(i)(ii), 4(i)(iii) and 
4(i)(iv), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 
4(a)(iv) and Condition 4(b), as applicable, will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark 
Event has occurred.
5
Redemption, Purchase and Options
(a)
Final redemption
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled or (pursuant to Condition 5(j)) substituted, each 
Note will be redeemed at its Final Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise provided, is its nominal 
amount) on the Maturity Date specified on each Note.
(b)
Redemption for taxation reasons
If, as a result of any amendment to, or change in, the laws or regulations of Ireland or any political 
subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax or in the officially 
published application or interpretation or administration of any such laws or regulations which becomes 
effective on or after the Issue Date, the Issuer would, on the occasion of the next payment date in respect 
of the Notes, be required to pay additional amounts as provided in Condition 7, the Issuer may, at its 
sole discretion, on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) or at any time (if this 
Note is not a Floating Rate Note) on giving not more than 45 nor less than 30 days’ notice to the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) in accordance with Condition 13 and (if this Note is a 
Loss Absorption Note) subject to Condition 5(i), redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their 
Early Redemption Amount as specified hereon together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption. Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 5(b), the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer stating 
that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of the facts showing that 
the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and the Trustee shall be 
entitled to accept such certificate without further inquiry as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the 
conditions precedent referred to above, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Trustee 
and the holders of the Notes and Coupons.
(c)
Redemption due to Loss Absorption Disqualification Event
If a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event is specified on this Note as being applicable and if the Issuer 
determines that a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing, the Issuer may 
redeem (at its sole discretion and subject to Condition 5(i)) all, but not some only, of the Notes, at any 
time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating 
Rate Note) at their Early Redemption Amount as specified hereon together with interest accrued to the 
date fixed for redemption, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice in accordance with 
Condition 13 (which notice shall be irrevocable).
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 5(c), the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Trustee a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer stating that the 
Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of the facts showing that the 
conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and the Trustee shall be entitled 
to accept such certificate without further inquiry as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the 
conditions precedent referred to above, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Trustee, 
the Noteholders and the Couponholders.

--- Page 81 ---
74
(d)
Purchases
Subject, as applicable, to Condition 5(i), the Issuer and any of its subsidiaries may purchase (or otherwise 
acquire), or procure others to purchase (or otherwise acquire) beneficially for its account, Notes 
(provided that, in the case of Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons appertaining 
thereto are attached or surrendered therewith) in any manner and at any price.
(e)
Early redemption
(i)
Zero Coupon Notes
(A)
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Conditions 5(b) and 5(c) above or upon it becoming 
due and payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be the Amortised Face Amount 
(calculated as provided below) of such Note unless otherwise specified hereon.
(B)
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Face Amount of any 
such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity 
Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation 
Yield (which, if none is shown hereon, shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised 
Face Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were discounted back to their 
issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually.
(C)
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption 
pursuant to Conditions 5(b) and 5(c) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in 
Condition 9 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and payable in 
respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as described in 
sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the 
date on which the Note becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation 
of the Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be 
made (both before and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date 
falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the 
scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any 
interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 4(c).
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on the 
basis of the Day Count Fraction shown hereon.
(ii)
Other Notes
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes described in 
paragraph (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 5(b) or 5(c) or upon 
it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9, shall be the Final Redemption Amount 
unless otherwise specified hereon.
(f)
Redemption at the option of the Issuer
If Call Option is specified on the Notes as being applicable, the Issuer may, at its sole discretion but 
subject to Condition 5(i) in the case of Loss Absorption Notes, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 
30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified on the 
Notes) redeem all (or, if so provided, some) of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date (as specified 
in the Final Terms). Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount 
together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption.

--- Page 82 ---
75
Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum 
Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified hereon and no greater than the Maximum Redemption 
Amount to be redeemed specified hereon.
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition.
In the case of a partial redemption the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the serial numbers of the 
Bearer Notes or, in the case of Registered Notes, shall specify the nominal amount of Registered Notes 
drawn and the holder(s) of such Registered Notes, to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such 
place as the Trustee may approve and in such manner as it deems appropriate, subject to compliance 
with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant authority requirements.
(g)
Redemption at the option of Noteholders
If Put Option is specified on this Note as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of 
any such Note, upon the holder of such Note giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the 
Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified hereon) redeem such Note on the Optional 
Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed 
for redemption.
To exercise such option the holder must deposit (in the case of Bearer Notes) such Note (together with 
all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent or (in the case of Registered 
Notes) the Certificate representing such Note(s) with the Registrar or any Transfer Agent at its specified 
office, together with a duly completed option exercise notice in the form obtainable from any Paying 
Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (as applicable) within the notice period. No Note or 
Certificate so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency 
Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer.
(h)
Cancellation
All Notes redeemed or substituted by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 5 will forthwith be cancelled. 
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may be held, reissued, resold 
or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered for cancellation, in the case of Bearer Notes, by surrendering 
each such Note together with all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Issuing and 
Paying Agent and, in the case of Registered Notes, by surrendering the Certificate representing such 
Notes to the Registrar and, in each case, if so surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by 
the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together, in the case of Bearer Notes, with all unmatured Coupons 
and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so surrendered for 
cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes 
shall be discharged.
(i)
Conditions to Redemption, Purchase or Modification of Loss Absorption Notes
Any redemption, purchase or modification of any Loss Absorption Note in accordance with Conditions 
5(b), 5(c), 5(d), 5(f) or 10, as the case may be, is subject to the following conditions (in each case to the 
extent, and in the manner, required by the Relevant Regulator and the Loss Absorption Regulations):
(i)
the Issuer giving notice to the Relevant Regulator and the Relevant Regulator granting permission 
to redeem, purchase or modify the relevant Loss Absorption Notes; and/or

--- Page 83 ---
76
(ii)
the Issuer, before or at the same time as any redemption or purchase, replaces the relevant Loss 
Absorption Notes with own funds or eligible liabilities instruments of equal or higher quality at 
terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the institution; and/or
(iii)
the Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that the own funds 
and eligible liabilities of the Issuer would, following any such redemption or purchase of the Loss 
Absorption Notes, exceed the requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities laid down in the 
Loss Absorption Regulationsby a margin that the Relevant Regulator considers necessary; and/or
(iv)
the Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that the partial or full 
replacement of the Notes is necessary to ensure compliance with the own funds requirements laid 
down in the Loss Absorption Regulations for continuing authorisation; and/or 
(v)
compliance with any alternative or additional pre-conditions to such redemption, purchase or 
modification as may be required by the Relevant Regulator or the Loss Absorption Regulations 
at such time.
(j)
Substitution and Variation
If this Note is a Loss Absorption Note and “Substitution and Variation” is specified on this Note as being 
applicable, then:
(i)
Substitution and Variation
If a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing, the Issuer (in its sole 
discretion but subject to the provisions of paragraph (ii) below), having given:
(A)
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13; and
(B)
prior notice to the Trustee before the giving of the notice referred to in (A) and having 
delivered to the Trustee the certificate referred to in the definition of “Loss Absorption 
Compliant Notes” in Condition 16,
(which notices shall be irrevocable), may, without any requirement for the consent or approval 
of the Noteholders, either substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes for, or vary the terms of 
the Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Loss Absorption Compliant Notes.
Upon the expiry of the notice referred to in (A) above, the Issuer shall either vary the terms of or, 
as the case may be, substitute the Notes in accordance with this Condition 5(j)(i) and, subject as 
set out in Conditions 5(j)(ii) and (iii), the Trustee shall agree to such substitution or variation. 
In connection with any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 5(j), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which such Notes are for the time being 
listed or admitted to trading.
(ii)
Conditions to Substitution and Variation
Any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 5(j) is subject to the following 
conditions:
(A)
the Issuer shall have obtained the permission from the Relevant Regulator (if then required 
by the Relevant Regulator or by the Loss Absorption Regulations at such time);

--- Page 84 ---
77
(B)
such substitution or variation must be permitted by, and conducted in accordance with, 
any other applicable requirement of the Relevant Regulator or under the Loss Absorption 
Regulations at such time;
(C)
such substitution or variation shall not result in any event or circumstance which at or 
around that time gives the Issuer a redemption right in respect of the Notes; and
(D)
prior to the publication of any notice of substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 
5(j), the Issuer shall have delivered to the Trustee a certificate signed by two Authorised 
Signatories of the Issuer stating that the Loss Absorption Disqualification Event giving 
rise to the right to substitute or vary the Notes has occurred and is continuing as at the date 
of the certificate, that all conditions set out in (A), (B) and (C) above have been satisfied 
and the Trustee shall be entitled to accept such certificate without any further inquiry as 
sufficient evidence thereof, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the 
Trustee, the Noteholders and, as applicable, the Couponholders.
(iii)
Role of the Trustee in Substitution and Variation
The Trustee shall, subject to the Issuer’s compliance with Condition 5(j)(ii) and the provision of 
the certificates signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer and at the expense and cost of 
the Issuer, use its reasonable endeavours to assist the Issuer in any substitution or variation of 
Notes pursuant to this Condition 5(j), except that the Trustee shall not be obliged to assist in any 
such substitution or variation if either such substitution or variation itself or the terms of the 
proposed Loss Absorption Compliant Notes would impose, in the Trustee’s opinion, more 
onerous obligations upon it or require the Trustee to incur any liability for which it is not 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction.
6
Payments and Talons
(a)
Bearer Notes
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, be made 
against presentation and surrender of the relevant Notes (in the case of all payments of principal and, in 
the case of interest, as specified in Condition 6(f)(v)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified 
in Condition 6(f)(ii)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer 
to an account denominated in such currency with, a Bank. “Bank” means a bank in the principal financial 
centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET 
System.
(b)
Registered Notes
(i)
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes shall be made against presentation and 
surrender of the relevant Certificates at the specified office of any of the Transfer Agents or of 
the Registrar and in the manner provided in paragraph (ii) below.
(ii)
Interest on Registered Notes shall be paid to the person shown on the Register at the close of 
business on the fifteenth day before the due date for payment thereof (the “Record Date”). 
Payments of interest on each Registered Note shall be made in the relevant currency by cheque 
drawn on a Bank and mailed to the holder (or to the first-named of joint holders) of such Note at
its address appearing in the Register. Upon application by the holder to the specified office of the

--- Page 85 ---
78
Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record Date, such payment of interest may be made 
by transfer to an account in the relevant currency maintained by the payee with a Bank.
(c)
Payments in the United States
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in respect 
thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner 
as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the 
amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at 
all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on 
payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, 
without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer.
(d)
Payments subject to law etc.
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in 
the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7. No commission or expenses 
shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments.
(e)
Appointment of Agents
The Issuing and Paying Agent, the other Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the 
Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed below. 
The Issuing and Paying Agent, the other Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the 
Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and, in certain circumstances specified in the Agency 
Agreement, of the Trustee and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with 
any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time with the approval of the 
Trustee to vary or terminate the appointment of the Issuing and Paying Agent, any other Paying Agent, 
the Registrar, any Transfer Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying 
Agents or Transfer Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) an Issuing and Paying 
Agent, (ii) a Registrar in relation to Registered Notes, (iii) a Transfer Agent in relation to Registered 
Notes, (iv) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (v) a Paying Agent in a 
jurisdiction within Europe, other than the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated and (vi) such 
other agents as may be required by any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed, in each 
case, as approved by the Trustee.
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York in respect of any Bearer Notes 
denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) above.
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office will promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13.
(f)
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons
(i)
Upon the due date for redemption of Bearer Notes which comprise Fixed Rate Notes, those Notes 
should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, 
failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the 
case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured 
Coupon which the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) will be deducted from 
the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as 
the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned 
above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant

--- Page 86 ---
79
Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant 
to Condition 8).
(ii)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note comprising a Floating Rate Note, 
unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no 
payment shall be made in respect of them.
(iii)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such 
Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect of 
such Talon.
(iv)
Where any Bearer Note which provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become void 
upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons, and where any Bearer Note is presented for redemption without any 
unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provisions of such 
indemnity as the Issuer may require.
(v)
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, interest 
accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement Date, 
as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of 
the relevant Bearer Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be. Interest accrued on a 
Note which only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such 
Note against presentation of the relevant Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be.
(g)
Talons
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued in 
respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary 
another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons which may have become void 
pursuant to Condition 8).
(h)
Non-Business Days
If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall not be 
entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of 
such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of 
presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” hereon and:
(i)
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by transfer 
to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange 
transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such currency; or
(ii)
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day.
7
Taxation
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by the Issuer shall be made free 
and clear of, and without deduction or withholding for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges 
of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by Ireland or any authority therein or thereof 
having power to tax, unless such deduction or withholding is required by law. In such event, the Issuer shall (i)

--- Page 87 ---
80
in the case of Loss Absorption Notes, in respect of payments of interest (but not principal or any other amount) 
or (ii) in the case of Notes other than Loss Absorption Notes, in respect of all payments of principal and interest, 
pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders or, as the case may be, the 
Couponholders of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such deduction or withholding 
been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon:
(i)
presented (or in respect of which the Certificate representing it is presented) for payment by or on behalf 
of a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such 
Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with Ireland, other than the mere holding of 
such Note or Coupon or the receipt of the relevant payment in respect thereof; or
(ii)
presented (or in respect of which the Certificate representing it is presented) for payment more than 30 
days after the Relevant Date, except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to 
such additional amounts on presenting the same for payment on such 30th day; or
(iii)
presented (or in respect of which the Certificate representing it is presented) by, or by a third party on 
behalf of, a holder who could lawfully avoid (but has not so avoided) such deduction or withholding by 
complying or procuring that any third party complies with any statutory requirements or by making or 
procuring that any third party makes a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption 
to any tax authority in the place where the relevant Note (or the Certificate representing it) or Coupon is 
presented for payment.
References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of 
the Notes, all Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, 
Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 5 or 
any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other 
amounts payable pursuant to Condition 4 or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or 
“interest” shall be deemed to include any additional amounts which may be payable under this Condition or 
any undertaking given in addition to or in substitution for it under the Trust Deed.
For the avoidance of doubt, any amounts to be paid on the Notes will be subject in all cases to any withholding 
or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any regulations thereunder or official interpretations 
thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement between the United States and Ireland, facilitating the 
implementation thereof (or any law implementing such an intergovernmental agreement). Any such amounts 
withheld or deducted will be treated as paid for all purposes under the Notes, and no additional amounts will 
be paid on the Notes with respect to any such withholding or deduction.
8
Prescription
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which, for this purpose shall not 
include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years (in the case of principal) or 
five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect thereof.
9
Events of Default
(a)
Non-restricted Events of Default
This Condition 9(a) shall apply unless “Restricted Events of Default” is specified as being applicable on 
this Note (in which case Condition 9(b) shall apply).

--- Page 88 ---
81
If any of the following events (“Events of Default”) occurs and is continuing, the Trustee, at its discretion 
may, and if so requested by holders of at least one-fifth in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding 
or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution shall (subject, in each case, to being indemnified and/or 
secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction), give written notice to the Issuer that the Notes are, and 
they shall immediately become, due and repayable at their Early Redemption Amount together (if 
applicable) with accrued interest as provided in the Trust Deed:
(i)
Non-Payment: default is made for more than seven days (in the case of principal) or 15 days (in 
the case of any other amount in respect of the Notes) after the due date for payment of interest or 
principal in respect of any of the Notes provided that it shall not be an Event of Default if the 
non-payment is due solely to administrative error (whether by the Issuer or a bank involved in 
transferring funds to the Issuing and Paying Agent) and payment is made within three business 
days in London after notice of that non-payment has been given to the Issuer by the Trustee; or
(ii)
Breach of Other Obligations: the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of 
its other obligations in the Notes or the Trust Deed which default is incapable of remedy or, if in 
the opinion of the Trustee, is capable of remedy, and is not in the opinion of the Trustee remedied 
within 60 days after notice of such default shall have been given to the Issuer by the Trustee, 
provided that the Trustee shall have certified that, in its opinion, such breach is materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or
(iii)
Insolvency: the Issuer is (or is, or could be, deemed by law or a court to be) insolvent or is unable 
or deemed to be unable to pay its debts (within the meaning of section 570 of the Companies Act 
2014 of Ireland or Section 28 of the Central Bank Act 1971 of Ireland (as amended)), as the same 
may be amended, modified or re-enacted, or admits in writing its inability to pay its debts as they 
mature; or
(iv)
Winding-up: an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the winding-up of the Issuer, 
or the Issuer ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or substantially all of its business or 
operations, except for the purpose of, and followed by, a reconstruction, amalgamation, 
reorganisation, merger or consolidation on terms approved in writing by the Trustee or by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders.
(b)
Restricted Events of Default
(i)
Restricted Events of Default
This Condition 9(b) shall apply only if “Restricted Events of Default” is specified on this Note 
as being applicable.
(A)
If the Issuer shall not make payment in respect of the Notes (in the case of any payment 
of principal and/or premium) for a period of seven days or more after the due date for the 
same or (in the case of any payment of interest) for a period of 15 days or more after a 
date upon which the payment of interest is due (provided that it shall not be a Restricted 
Event of Default if the non-payment is due solely to administrative error (whether by the 
Issuer or a bank involved in transferring funds to the Issuing and Paying Agent) and 
payment is made within three business days in London after notice of that non-payment 
has been given to the Issuer by the Trustee), the Trustee may, subject as provided in (ii) 
below, at its discretion, institute proceedings in Ireland (but not elsewhere) for the 
winding-up of the Issuer but (save as provided in (B) below) may take no further action 
in respect of such default.

--- Page 89 ---
82
(B)
In the event of a Winding-Up, whether or not instituted by the Trustee pursuant to (A), the 
Trustee may, subject as provided in (ii) below, at its discretion, give written notice to the 
Issuer that the Notes are, and they shall accordingly thereby forthwith become, 
immediately due and repayable at their Early Redemption Amount as defined in Condition 
5(e), plus accrued interest as provided in the Trust Deed.
(C)
Without prejudice to paragraphs (A) and (B) above, the Trustee may, subject as provided 
in (ii) below, at its discretion and without further notice, institute such proceedings against
the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce any obligation, condition or provision binding on 
the Issuer under the Notes, the Coupons or the Trust Deed (other than any obligation for 
the payment of any principal, premium or interest in respect of the Notes), provided that 
the Issuer shall not as a consequence of such proceedings be obliged to pay any sum or 
sums representing or measured by reference to principal or interest in respect of the Notes 
sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it or any damages.
(ii)
Enforcement
The Trustee shall be bound to take action as referred to in Condition 9(b)(i)(A), (B) or (C) above 
if (1) it shall have been so requested by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders or in 
writing by the holders of at least one-fifth in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding and 
(2) it shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction.
No Noteholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless the Trustee, having 
become bound so to proceed, fails or is unable to do so within a reasonable period and such failure 
or inability shall be continuing, in which case the Noteholder shall have only such rights against 
the Issuer as those which the Trustee is entitled to exercise pursuant to this Condition 9. 
No Noteholder shall be entitled to institute proceedings for the winding-up of the Issuer, or to 
prove in any Winding-Up of the Issuer, except that if the Trustee, having become bound to 
proceed against the Issuer as aforesaid, fails to do so within a reasonable period and the failure 
shall be continuing or, being able to prove in any Winding-Up of the Issuer, fails to do so, then 
any such holder may, on giving an indemnity satisfactory to the Trustee, institute proceedings for
the winding-up in Ireland (but not elsewhere) of the Issuer and/or prove in any Winding-Up of 
the Issuer to the same extent (but not further or otherwise) that the Trustee would have been 
entitled so to do in respect of his Notes. 
No remedy against the Issuer, other than as referred to in this Condition 9, shall be available to 
the Trustee or the Noteholders whether for the recovery of amounts owing in respect of the Notes 
or under the Trust Deed or in respect of any breach by the Issuer of any of its obligations under 
the Trust Deed or the Notes (other than for recovery of the Trustee’s remuneration or expenses).
10
Meetings of Noteholders, Modifications, Waiver and Substitution
(a)
Meetings of Noteholders
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders (including meetings held via 
an electronic platform (as defined in the Trust Deed)) to consider any matter affecting their interests, 
including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of any of these Conditions or 
any provisions of the Trust Deed. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or the Trustee and shall 
be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in 
principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. The quorum for any meeting convened to 
consider an Extraordinary Resolution shall be two or more persons holding or representing a clear

--- Page 90 ---
83
majority in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting 
two or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes held 
or represented, unless the business of such meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter alia, (i) to 
amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes, or any date for payment of interest or Interest 
Amounts thereon, (ii) to reduce or cancel the principal amount, or any premium payable on redemption 
of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to vary the method or 
basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount 
in respect thereof, (iv) if there is shown on the face of the Notes a Minimum Rate of Interest and/or a 
Maximum Rate of Interest, to reduce such Minimum Rate of Interest and/or such Maximum Rate of 
Interest, (v) to change any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount or the Amortised Face Amount of any Note, 
(vi) to change the currency or currencies of payment of the Notes (other than upon the country of such 
currency adopting the euro as its currency), (vii) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum 
required at any meeting of Noteholders or any adjournment thereof or the majority required to pass an 
Extraordinary Resolution or (viii) to alter the provisions as to the status of the Notes contained in 
Condition 3 and in the Trust Deed (except to the extent that such alteration would, in the opinion of the 
Trustee, not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders), in which case the necessary 
quorum shall be two or more persons holding or representing not less than 75 per cent., or at any 
adjourned meeting not less than 25 per cent., in principal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding.
The agreement or approval of the Noteholders shall not be required in the case of any variation of these 
Conditions and/or the Trust Deed required to be made in the circumstances described in Condition 4(i) 
or those described in Condition 5(j) in connection with the variation of the terms of the Notes and to 
which the Trustee has agreed pursuant to the relevant provisions of Condition 4(i) or, as applicable, 
Condition 5(j).
The Trust Deed provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less 
than 75 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes outstanding shall for all purposes be as valid and 
effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held. 
Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, 
each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding on Noteholders (whether or not they were 
present at the meeting at which such resolution was passed) and on all Couponholders.
(b)
Modification and Waiver
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders but subject to 
Condition 10(f), to (i) any modification of any of these Conditions or the provisions of the Trust Deed 
which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error, and (ii) any other 
modification (except as mentioned in the Trust Deed), and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or 
proposed breach, of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed which is in the opinion of the Trustee not 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. In addition, the Trustee shall be obliged to 
effect such modifications to the Trust Deed and/or these Conditions as may be required in order to give 
effect to Condition 4(i) in connection with effecting any Benchmark Amendments or any Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes, subject to the provisions thereof, without the requirement for the 
consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders.

--- Page 91 ---
84
Any such modification, authorisation or waiver shall be binding on the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders and, if the Trustee so requires, such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders as 
soon as practicable.
(c)
Substitution
The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Trustee to agree, subject to such amendment of the 
Trust Deed and such other conditions as the Trustee may require and Condition 10(f), but without the 
consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, to the substitution of a successor in business of the 
Issuer, a subsidiary of the Issuer or a successor in business thereof in place of the Issuer, or of any 
previous substituted company, as principal debtor under the Trust Deed and the Notes provided that, 
unless such substituted company is a successor in business of the Issuer, the Issuer unconditionally and
irrevocably guarantees the payment of all moneys payable by the substituted company as principal debtor 
under the Trust Deed and the Notes, and subject to the Trustee being satisfied that the substitution is not 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. In the case of such a substitution the Trustee 
may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to a change of the law governing 
the Notes, the Coupons and/or the Trust Deed provided that such change would not in the opinion of the 
Trustee be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders.
(d)
Entitlement of the Trustee
In connection with the exercise of its functions (including but not limited to, any modification, waiver, 
authorisation, determination or substitution) the Trustee shall have regard to the interests of the 
Noteholders as a class and shall not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual 
Noteholders or Couponholders and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder 
or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer, the Trustee or any other person any 
indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual 
Noteholders or Couponholders.
(e)
Indemnification of the Trustee
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility. The Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuer and any entity 
related to the Issuer and to act as trustee for the holders of any other securities issued or guaranteed by, 
or relating to, the Issuer and/or any entity related to the Issuer. The Trustee is entitled to retain and not 
be liable to account for any profit made or any other amount or benefit received thereby or in connection 
therewith. 
The Trustee may rely without liability to the Noteholders or Couponholders on a report, confirmation or 
certificate or any advice of any accountants, financial advisers, financial institution or any other expert, 
whether or not addressed to the Trustee and whether its liability in relation thereto is limited (by its terms 
or by any engagement letter relating thereto entered into by the Trustee or in any other manner) by 
reference to a monetary cap, methodology or otherwise. The Trustee may accept and shall be entitled to 
rely on any such report, confirmation or certificate or advice and such report, confirmation or certificate 
or advice shall be binding on the Issuer, the Trustee and the Noteholders.
The Trustee shall not be liable for any consequences of any application of Irish Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers (as provided in Condition 15(c) below) in respect of the Issuer or any of its affiliates 
or any Notes and shall not be required to take any action in connection therewith that would, in the 
Trustee’s opinion, expose the Trustee to any liability or expense unless it shall have been indemnified 
and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction; provided that nothing in this Condition shall prevent 
any application of Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers in respect of the Issuer or any of its affiliates

--- Page 92 ---
85
or any Notes from taking effect, and each Noteholder or Couponholder, by its acquisition of any Note 
or Coupon, authorises and instructs the Trustee to take such steps as may be necessary or expedient in 
order to give effect to any such application of Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers.
(f)
Regulatory consent
If this Note is a Loss Absorption Note, any modification pursuant to this Condition 10 is subject to 
Condition 5(i).
11
Replacement of Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons
If a Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed it may be replaced, subject 
to applicable laws and stock exchange regulations, at the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent (in 
the case of Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons) and of the Registrar (in the case of Certificates) or such other 
Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for 
the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13, in each 
case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to 
evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed 
Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange 
for further Coupons, there will be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of 
such Notes, Certificates, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or 
defaced Notes, Certificates, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.
12
Further Issues
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and issue 
further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes or the same in all respects (or in all respects 
except for the first payment of interest thereon) and so that such further notes shall be consolidated and form a 
single series with such Notes, and references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly. 
Any further securities forming a single series with the outstanding securities of any series (including the Notes) 
constituted by the Trust Deed or any deed supplemental to it shall, and any other securities may (with the 
consent of the Trustee), be constituted by a deed supplemental to the Trust Deed. The Trust Deed contains 
provisions for convening a single meeting of the Noteholders and the holders of securities of other series where 
the Trustee so decides.
13
Notices
Notices required to be given to the holders of Registered Notes pursuant to the Conditions shall be mailed to 
them at their respective addresses in the Register and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being 
a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing. Notices required to be given to the holders 
of Bearer Notes pursuant to the Conditions shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper of general circulation 
in London and Dublin or, if in the opinion of the Trustee, such publication is not practicable, in another leading 
daily English language newspaper of general circulation in Europe approved by the Trustee. It is expected that 
such publication will be made in the Financial Times in London and in The Irish Times in Dublin. So long as 
the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading, the Issuer shall ensure that notices required to be given to the 
holders of the Notes pursuant to the Conditions shall also be published (if such publication is required) in a 
manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on 
which the Notes are listed/and or admitted to trading. Notices, will, if published more than once, be deemed to 
have been given on the date of the first publication as provided above.

--- Page 93 ---
86
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders 
of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition.
14
Rights of Third Parties
In the case of English Law Notes, no person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes 
under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.
15
Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Acknowledgement of Irish Statutory Loss Absorption 
Powers
(a)
Governing Law
The Trust Deed, the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with (i) in the case 
of an English Law Note, English law (except that Conditions 3(b) and 15(c) shall be construed in 
accordance with the laws of Ireland) or (ii) in the case of an Irish Law Note, the laws of Ireland.
(b)
Jurisdiction
(i)
In the case of English Law Notes, the Courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any 
disputes which may arise out of or in connection with any such Notes, Coupons or Talons or the 
Trust Deed and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with 
any such Notes, Coupons or Talons or the Trust Deed (“Proceedings”) may be brought in such 
courts. The Issuer irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the courts of England and waives any 
objection to Proceedings in such courts on the ground of venue or on the ground that the 
Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. This submission is made for the benefit 
of each of the holders of such Notes, Coupons and Talons and, to the extent permitted by law, 
shall not affect the right of any of them to take Proceedings in any other court of competent
jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking 
of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not).
(ii)
In the case of Irish Law Notes, the Courts of Ireland are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes 
which may arise out of or in connection with any such Notes, Coupons or Talons or the Trust 
Deed and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with any 
such Notes, Coupons or Talons or the Trust Deed (“Proceedings”) may be brought in such courts. 
The Issuer irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the courts of Ireland and waives any 
objection to Proceedings in such courts on the ground of venue or on the ground that the 
Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. This submission is made for the benefit 
of each of the holders of such Notes, Coupons and Talons and, to the extent permitted by law, 
shall not affect the right of any of them to take Proceedings in any other court of competent 
jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking 
of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not).
(c)
Acknowledgement of Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers
Notwithstanding, and to the exclusion of, any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and the Trustee or any Noteholder or Couponholder, 
the Trustee and, by its acquisition of any Note or Coupon, each Noteholder and Couponholder (which 
for the purposes of this Condition, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes and/or the 
Coupons) acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising under the Notes or Coupons may be subject

--- Page 94 ---
87
to the exercise of Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority and 
acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by:
(i)
the effect of the exercise of any Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, which exercise (without limitation) may include and result in any of the 
following, or a combination thereof:
(A)
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes and/or 
Coupons;
(B)
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes and/or 
Coupons into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, 
and the issue to or conferral on the Noteholder or Couponholder of such shares, securities 
or obligations, including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of the 
terms of the Notes and/or Coupons;
(C)
the cancellation of the Notes and/or Coupons or the Relevant Amounts in respect thereof; 
and
(D)
the amendment or alteration of the Maturity Date of the Notes or amendment of the 
amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which interest becomes payable, 
including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and
(ii)
the variation of the terms of the Notes and/or Coupons as deemed necessary by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
by the Relevant Resolution Authority.
No repayment or payment of Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes will become due and payable or 
be paid after the exercise of any Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority if and to the extent such amounts have been reduced, converted, cancelled, amended or altered 
as a result of such exercise.
Neither a reduction or cancellation, in part or in full, of the Relevant Amounts, the conversion thereof 
into another security or obligation of the Issuer or another person, as a result of the exercise of the Irish 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer, nor 
the exercise of the Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority with 
respect to the Notes and/or Coupons will be an event of default.
Upon the exercise of the Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority 
with respect to the Notes and/or Coupons, the Issuer will (i) provide a written notice to the Noteholders 
and Couponholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as practicable regarding such exercise of 
the Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers; and (ii) deliver a copy of such notice to the Trustee for 
information purposes; provided, however, any failure by the Issuer to give such notice will not affect the 
effectiveness of, or otherwise invalidate, any exercise of the Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by 
the Relevant Resolution Authority pursuant to Condition 15(c) or give Noteholders any rights as a result 
of either such failure.
(d)
Service of Process
The Issuer agrees that the process by which any proceedings in England are begun may be served on it 
by being delivered to Allied Irish Banks, p.l.c., London Branch at St. Helen’s, 1 Undershaft, London 
EC3A 8AB (Head of Branch). If for any reason service of process cannot be made in accordance with 
the above, the Issuer must immediately appoint an agent for service of process and notify the Noteholders

--- Page 95 ---
88
of such appointment. The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of any process will not 
invalidate the relevant proceedings. This Condition 15(d) does not affect any other method of service 
allowed by law.
16
Definitions
Capitalised terms not defined in these Terms and Conditions will have the meaning given to them in the relevant 
Final Terms.
In these Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings:
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or (b) a formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:
(i)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such 
recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate)
(ii)
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines is customarily applied to the 
relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets 
transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if the 
Issuer determines that no such spread is customarily applied)
(iii)
in the case of an Alternative Rate, is in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets 
for transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Alternative Rate;
(iv)
if no such recommendation or option or replacement has been made (or made available), or the Issuer 
determines there is no such spread, formula or methodology in customary market usage, the Issuer, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines is recognised or acknowledged as 
being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be); or 
(v)
if the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged, the Issuer, in its 
discretion, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate;
“Agency Agreement” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions;
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer, following consultation with 
the Independent Adviser, determines in accordance with Condition 4(i)(ii) is customarily applied in 
international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining Rates of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes;
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated in the 
Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, the Designated Maturity;
“Authorised Signatory” means any director or any other officer of the Issuer who has been authorised by the 
Issuer to sign the certificates and other documents required or contemplated under these Conditions, the Trust 
Deed and any other transaction document in relation to the Notes on behalf of, and so as to bind, the Issuer;
“Bearer Notes” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1;

--- Page 96 ---
89
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in the provision Condition 4(i)(iv);
“Benchmark Duration” means the duration specified as such hereon;
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i)
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five Business Days or ceasing 
to exist; or
(ii)
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased or that it will
cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference 
Rate); or
(iii)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or
(iv)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a consequence 
of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect 
of the Notes; or
(v)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that the Original Reference Rate will be (or will be deemed by such supervisor to be) no longer 
representative of its relevant underlying market; or 
(vi)
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate,
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-paragraphs (ii) and (iii) 
above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate or the discontinuation of the 
Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, (b) in the case of sub-paragraph (iv) above, on the date of the 
prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate, and (c) in the case of sub-paragraph (v) above, on the date 
with effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant 
supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying market and which is specified in the relevant 
public statement, and in each case, not the date of the relevant public statement;
“Business Day” means:
(i)
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial centre for such currency; 
and/or
(ii)
in the case of euro, a TARGET Business Day; and/or
(iii)
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres, a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the 
Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres;
“Calculation Agent” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions;
“Certificates” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1;
“Code” means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986; 
“Conditions” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions;
“Couponholders” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions;

--- Page 97 ---
90
“Coupons” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions;
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any period 
of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not constituting 
an Interest Period, the “Calculation Period”):
(i)
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual – ISDA” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the 
sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365);
(ii)
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 365;
(iii)
if “Actual/365 (Sterling) is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366;
(iv)
if “Actual/360” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360;
(v)
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction = 
[./0×(234 25)]8[.0×(934 95)]8(34 5)
./0
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 
30;
(vi)
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction = 
[./0×(234 25)]8[.0×(934 95)]8(34 5)
./0
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 98 ---
91
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30;
(vii)
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction = 
[./0×(234 25)]8[.0×(934 95)]8(34 5)
./0
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the 
last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such 
number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and
(viii)
if “Actual/Actual – ICMA” is specified hereon, (a) if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than 
the Determination Period during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year; and (b) if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination 
Period, the sum of: (x) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and 
(2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and (y) the number of days in 
such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in 
any year where:
“Determination Date” means each date specified hereon or, if none is so specified, each Interest Payment 
Date; and
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year to but 
excluding the next Determination Date;
“EEA regulated market” means a market as defined by Article 4.1(21) of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments, as amended;
“English Law Note” means any Note where “English Law Note” is specified hereon as being applicable;

--- Page 99 ---
92
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of Member States of the European Union that adopt the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended;
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given to it in the Trust Deed;
“First Margin” means the margin specified hereon;
“First Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the First Resettable Note Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the Second Resettable Note Reset Date or, if no such Second Resettable Note Reset Date is specified 
hereon, the Maturity Date;
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means, subject to Condition 4(b)(ii), the rate of interest determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date corresponding to the First Reset Period as the sum 
of the relevant Reset Rate plus the First Margin (with such sum converted (if necessary) from a basis equivalent 
to the Benchmark Duration to a basis equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are 
payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (such calculation to be made by the Calculation Agent));
“First Resettable Note Reset Date” means the date specified hereon;
“holder” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1;
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an independent 
financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by and at the expense of the Issuer under Condition 
4(i)(i);
“Initial Rate of Interest” means the initial rate of interest per annum specified hereon;
“Interest Amount” means:
(i)
in respect of an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that Interest 
Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, and unless otherwise specified hereon, shall mean 
the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified hereon as being payable on the Interest Payment 
Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest Period forms part; and
(ii)
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that period;
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified hereon;
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Period, the date specified 
as such hereon or, if none is so specified:
(i)
unless the Reference Rate in respect of the Notes is specified hereon as being “SONIA” or “SOFR”:
(A)
the first day of such Interest Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling;
(B)
the day falling two Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of 
such Interest Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro; or
(C)
the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period if the 
Specified Currency is euro;
(ii)
if the Reference Rate in respect of the Notes is specified hereon as being “SONIA”, the date which is 
“p” London Business Days prior to each Interest Payment Date; and
(iii)
if the Reference Rate in respect of the Notes is specified hereon as being “SOFR”, the date which is “p” 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to each Interest Payment Date;

--- Page 100 ---
93
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and ending 
on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date unless 
otherwise specified hereon;
“Irish Law Note” means any Note where “Irish Law Note” is specified hereon as being applicable;
“Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers” means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, 
suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any 
laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in Ireland, relating to (i) Directive 2014/59/EU (“BRRD”) 
and/or Irish legislation transposing BRRD into Irish law, in each case as amended or replaced from time to time 
and (ii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of the Issuer 
(or any affiliate of the Issuer) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities or 
other obligations of the Issuer or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period);
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc., unless otherwise specified hereon;
“Issue Date” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions;
“Issuing and Paying Agent” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions;
“Loss Absorption Compliant Notes” means securities that comply with the following (which compliance has 
been certified to the Trustee in a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer and delivered to 
the Trustee prior to the relevant substitution or variation):
(A)
are issued by the Issuer or any wholly-owned direct or indirect subsidiary of the Issuer with a guarantee 
of such obligations by the Issuer; 
(B)
rank (or, if guaranteed by the Issuer, benefit from a guarantee that ranks) equally with the ranking of the 
relevant Notes;
(C)
have terms not materially less favourable to Noteholders than the terms of the relevant Notes (as 
reasonably determined by the Issuer in consultation with an independent adviser of recognised standing);
(D)
(without prejudice to (C) above) (1) contain terms such that they comply with the then applicable Loss 
Absorption Regulations in order to be eligible to qualify in full towards the Issuer’s and/or the 
Regulatory Group’s minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing 
capacity instruments; (2) bear the same rate of interest from time to time applying to the relevant Notes 
and preserve the same Interest Payment Dates; (3) do not contain terms providing for mandatory or 
discretionary deferral of payments of interest and/or principal; (4) preserve the obligations (including 
the obligations arising from the exercise of any right) of the Issuer as to redemption of the relevant Notes, 
including (without limitation) as to timing of, and amounts payable upon, such redemption; (5) do not 
contain terms providing for loss absorption through principal write-down or conversion to ordinary 
shares (but without prejudice to any acknowledgement of statutory resolution powers substantially 
similar to Condition 15(c)); and (6) preserve any existing rights to any accrued and unpaid interest and 
any other amounts payable under the relevant Notes which has accrued to Noteholders and not been 
paid;
(E)
are listed on the same stock exchange or market as the relevant Notes or the regulated market of the 
London Stock Exchange or an EEA regulated market selected by the Issuer and approved in writing by 
the Trustee; and

--- Page 101 ---
94
(F)
where the relevant Notes which have been substituted or varied had a published rating solicited by the 
Issuer from one or more Rating Agencies immediately prior to their substitution or variation, benefit 
from (or will, as announced by each such Rating Agency, benefit from) an equal or higher published 
rating from each such Rating Agency as that which applied to the relevant Notes;
“Loss Absorption Disqualification Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if, as a result of any amendment 
to, or change in, any Loss Absorption Regulations, or any change in the application or official interpretation of 
any Loss Absorption Regulations, in any such case becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes, the Notes are or (in the opinion of the Issuer or the Relevant Regulator) are likely to 
become fully (or, if “Loss Absorption Disqualification Event for partial exclusion” is specified on this Note as 
being applicable, fully or partially) excluded from or ceasing to count towards the Issuer’s and/or the Regulatory 
Group’s minimum requirements for (A) own funds and eligible liabilities and/or (B) loss absorbing capacity 
instruments, in each case as such minimum requirements are applicable to the Issuer and/or the Regulatory 
Group and determined in accordance with, and pursuant to, the relevant Loss Absorption Regulations; provided 
that a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event shall not occur where the exclusion of the Notes from the relevant 
minimum requirement(s) is due to the remaining maturity of the Notes being less than any period prescribed by 
any applicable eligibility criteria for such minimum requirements under the relevant Loss Absorption 
Regulations effective with respect to the Issuer and/or the Regulatory Group on the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes;
“Loss Absorption Note” means any Note where “Loss Absorption Note” is specified hereon as being applicable;
“Loss Absorption Regulations” means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, 
standards and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss 
absorbing capacity instruments of Ireland, the Relevant Regulator and/or of the European Parliament or of the 
Council of the European Union then in effect in Ireland and applicable to the Issuer and/or the Regulatory Group 
including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, any delegated or implementing acts (such as 
regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European Commission and any regulations, requirements, 
guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities 
and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments adopted by the Relevant Regulator from time to time (whether such 
regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards or policies are applied generally or specifically to the 
Issuer or to the Regulatory Group);
“Mid-Market Swap Rate” means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for the fixed leg 
payable with a frequency equivalent to the Fixed Leg Swap Duration specified hereon during the relevant Reset 
Period (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified 
Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant 
Resettable Note Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a 
floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified 
hereon) (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as 
determined by the Calculation Agent);
“Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation” means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate;
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” means, where the Specified Currency is euro, EURIBOR;
“Mid-Swap Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 4(b)(ii) below, 
either:

--- Page 102 ---
95
(i)
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified hereon, the rate for swaps in the Specified Currency:
(A)
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and
(B)
commencing on the relevant Resettable Note Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or
(ii)
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified hereon, the arithmetic mean (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards) 
of the bid and offered swap rate quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency:
(A)
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and
(B)
commencing on the relevant Resettable Note Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page,
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on such 
Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent;
“Noteholder” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1;
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes;
“Paying Agents” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions;
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note and that is either 
specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions hereon;
“Rating Agency” means each of S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Moody’s Investors Service Limited or 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and each of their respective affiliates or successors;
“Record Date” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(b)(ii);
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four 
major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, selected by the Issuer in consultation with the Calculation 
Agent or as specified hereon;
“Reference Bond” means for any Reset Period, a government security or securities issued by the state 
responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is euro, shall be Germany) 
selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute as having an actual or 
interpolated maturity comparable with the relevant Reset Period that would be utilised, at the time of selection 
and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities 
denominated in the same currency as the Notes and of a comparable maturity to the relevant Reset Period;
“Reference Bond Price” means, with respect to any Reset Determination Date, (A) the arithmetic average of 
the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such Reset Determination Date, after excluding the 
highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (B) if the Calculation Agent obtains 
fewer than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such 
quotations. If no quotations are provided, the Reference Rate will be determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
sole discretion following consultation with the Issuer;
“Reference Bond Rate” means the annual yield to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant 
day count basis) of the relevant Reference Bond, assuming a price for such Reference Bond (expressed as a

--- Page 103 ---
96
percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the relevant Reference Bond Price, as calculated by the Calculation 
Agent;
“Reference Government Bond Dealer” means each of five banks (selected by the Issuer on the advice of an 
investment bank of international repute), or their affiliates, which are (A) primary government securities 
dealers, and their respective successors, or (B) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues;
“Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each Reference Government Bond 
Dealer and the relevant Reset Determination Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the relevant Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of 
its nominal amount) at or around the Subsequent Reset Rate Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date 
quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer;
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such hereon;
“Register” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1;
“Registered Notes” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1;
“Registrar” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions;
“Regulatory Group” means the Issuer, its subsidiary undertakings, participations, participating interests and any 
subsidiary undertakings, participations or participating interests held (directly or indirectly) by any of its 
subsidiary undertakings from time to time and any other undertakings from time to time consolidated with the 
Issuer for regulatory or resolution purposes, in each case in accordance with the rules and guidance of the 
Relevant Regulator then in effect;
“Relevant Amounts” means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with any accrued but unpaid 
interest and additional amounts and any other amounts due on or in respect of the Notes. References to such 
amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, prior to the 
exercise of any Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority;
“Relevant Date” in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date on which payment in respect thereof first 
becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which 
payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date on which notice is duly given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 that, upon further presentation of the Note (or relative Certificate) 
or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment 
is in fact made upon such presentation;
“Relevant Fallback Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified hereon (or any successor or replacement page, section, caption, column 
or other part of a particular information service);
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):
(i)
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or
(ii)
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of 
(a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof;

--- Page 104 ---
97
“Relevant Regulator” means the European Central Bank and/or such successor or other authority having for the 
time being primary supervisory authority and/or responsibility with regards to prudential, conduct and/or 
resolution matters in respect of the Issuer and/or its group (being, as at the Issue Date, the Single Resolution 
Board), as may be relevant in the context and circumstances;
“Relevant Resolution Authority” means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any Irish Statutory 
Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer (being, as at the Issue Date, the Single Resolution Board);
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information 
service as may be specified hereon (or any successor or replacement page, section, caption, column or other 
part of a particular information service);
“Reset Determination Date” means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business Day prior to the 
First Resettable Note Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second Business Day prior 
to the Second Resettable Note Reset Date and, in respect of each Reset Period thereafter, the second Business 
Day prior to the first day of each such Reset Period;
“Reset Period” means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period;
“Reset Rate” means (a) the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as specified hereon or (b) if “Reference Bond” is specified 
hereon, the relevant Reference Bond Rate;
“Resettable Note Reset Date” means the First Resettable Note Reset Date, the Second Resettable Note Reset 
Date and every Subsequent Resettable Note Reset Date as may be specified hereon;
“Second Resettable Note Reset Date” means the date specified hereon;
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such hereon or, if none is specified, the currency in which 
the Notes are denominated;
“Subsequent Margin” means the margin(s) specified hereon;
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the Second Resettable Note Reset Date to 
(but excluding) the next Resettable Note Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) a 
Resettable Note Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Resettable Note Reset Date;
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and subject to Condition 
4(b)(ii), the rate of interest being determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date 
corresponding to such Subsequent Reset Period as the sum of the relevant Reset Rate plus the applicable 
Subsequent Margin (with such sum converted (if necessary) from a basis equivalent to the Benchmark Duration 
to a basis equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes during 
the relevant Reset Period (such calculation to be made by the Calculation Agent));
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body;
“Talons” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions;
“TARGET Business Day” means a day on which the TARGET System is operating;
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
(known as TARGET2) System which was launched on 19 November 2007 or any successor thereto;
“Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects;
“Transfer Agents” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions;

--- Page 105 ---
98
“Trust Deed” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions;
“Trustee” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions; and
“Winding-Up” means:
(i)
an order is made, or an effective resolution is passed, for the winding-up of the Issuer (except, in any 
such case, a winding-up solely for the purpose of, and followed by, a reconstruction, amalgamation, 
reorganisation, merger or consolidation, the terms of which have previously been approved in writing 
by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution and do not provide that the Notes thereby become 
redeemable or repayable in accordance with these Conditions); or
(ii)
liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer or any procedure similar to that described in paragraph (i) above.

--- Page 106 ---
99
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES
The following (other than any sections in italics) is the text of the terms and conditions which, subject to 
completion and amendment and as supplemented or varied in accordance with the provisions of Part A of the 
relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Subordinated Notes in definitive form (if any) issued in exchange 
for Notes represented by a Note or Certificate in global form. Either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions 
together with the relevant provisions of Part A of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so 
completed, amended, supplemented or varied (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable
provisions), shall be endorsed on such Bearer Notes or on Certificates relating to such Registered Notes (each 
capitalised term as defined below). All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the 
meanings given to them in Part A of the relevant Final Terms. Those definitions will be endorsed on the definitive 
Notes or Certificates, as the case may be. References in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Subordinated 
Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme.
The Notes are constituted by a Trust Deed dated 25 March 2022 (as amended or supplemented as at the date of 
issue of the Notes (the “Issue Date”), the “Trust Deed”) between AIB Group plc (the “Issuer”) and BNY Mellon 
Corporate Trustee Services Limited (the “Trustee”, which expression shall include all persons for the time being 
the trustee or trustees under the Trust Deed) as trustee for the Noteholders (as defined below). These terms and 
conditions (the “Conditions”) include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust 
Deed, which includes the form of the Bearer Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons (as defined below). An 
Agency Agreement dated 14 March 2018 (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the “Agency 
Agreement”) has been entered into in relation to the Notes between the Issuer, the Trustee, The Bank of New 
York Mellon, London Branch as initial issuing and paying agent and the other agents named in it. The issuing 
and paying agent, the other paying agents, the registrar, the transfer agents and the calculation agent(s) for the 
time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the “Issuing and Paying Agent”, the “Paying Agents” 
(which expression shall include the Issuing and Paying Agent), the “Registrar”, the “Transfer Agents” and the 
“Calculation Agent(s)”. Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are available for inspection free 
of charge during usual business hours at the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents and the Transfer 
Agents. 
The Noteholders (as defined below), the holders of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest 
bearing Notes in bearer form and, where applicable in the case of such Notes in bearer form, talons for further 
Coupons (the “Talons”) (the “Couponholders”) are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed to 
have notice of all the provisions of the Trust Deed and are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement applicable to them.
1
Form, Denomination and Title
The Notes are issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) or in registered form (“Registered Notes”), in each case 
in the Specified Denomination(s) (as defined hereon).
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Resettable Note, a Floating Rate Note, or a Zero Coupon Note.
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached, 
save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest due 
after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable.
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates (“Certificates”) and, save as provided in Condition 
2(b), each Certificate shall represent the entire holding of Registered Notes by the same holder.
Title to the Bearer Notes, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Title to the Registered Notes shall pass 
by registration in the register that the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the Registrar in accordance with the

--- Page 107 ---
100
provisions of the Agency Agreement (the “Register”). Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction 
or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and 
may be treated as the absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice 
of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it (or on the Certificate representing it) or its theft or loss 
(or that of the related Certificate) and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder.
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” means the bearer of any Bearer Note or the person in whose name a 
Registered Note is registered (as the case may be), “holder” (in relation to a Note, Coupon or Talon) means the 
bearer of any Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon or the person in whose name a Registered Note is registered (as 
the case may be) and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them hereon, the absence of any such 
meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes.
2
No Exchange of Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes
(a)
No Exchange of Notes
Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes. Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for 
Registered Notes. Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes 
of another Specified Denomination. 
(b)
Transfer of Registered Notes
One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon the surrender (at the specified office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the Certificate representing such Registered Notes to be transferred, 
together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Certificate (or another form of transfer substantially 
in the same form and containing the same representations and certifications (if any), unless otherwise 
agreed by the Issuer), duly completed and executed and any other evidence as the Registrar or Transfer 
Agent may reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Registered Notes 
represented by one Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the transferee in respect of the part 
transferred and a further new Certificate in respect of the balance of the holding not transferred shall be 
issued to the transferor. In the case of a transfer of Registered Notes to a person who is already a holder 
of Registered Notes, a new Certificate representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued against 
surrender of the Certificate representing the existing holding. All transfers of Notes and entries on the 
Register will be made subject to the detailed regulations concerning transfers of Notes scheduled to the 
Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer, with the prior written approval of 
the Registrar, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Transfer Agents and the Trustee. A copy of the current
regulations will be made available by the Registrar to any Noteholder upon request.
(c)
Delivery of New Certificates
Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Condition 2(b) shall be available for delivery within three 
business days of receipt of a duly completed and executed form of transfer and surrender of the existing 
Certificate(s). Delivery of the new Certificate(s) shall be made at the specified office of the Transfer 
Agent or of the Registrar (as the case may be) to whom delivery or surrender of such form of transfer 
and Certificate(s) shall have been made or, at the option of the holder making such delivery or surrender 
as aforesaid and as specified in the relevant form of transfer or otherwise in writing, be mailed by 
uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Certificate to such address as may be so 
specified, unless such holder requests otherwise and pays in advance to the relevant Transfer Agent or 
the Registrar (as the case may be) the costs of such other method of delivery and/or such insurance as it 
may specify. In this Condition 2(c), “business day” means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on

--- Page 108 ---
101
which banks are open for business in the place of the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent or 
the Registrar (as the case may be).
(d)
Transfers Free of Charge
Certificates, on transfer, shall be issued and registered without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment of any tax or other governmental charges that may 
be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer 
Agent may require).
(e)
Closed Periods
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered (i) during the period of 15 
days ending on (and including) the due date for redemption of that Note, (ii) during the period of 15 days 
prior to (and including) any date on which Notes may be called for redemption by the Issuer at its option 
pursuant to Condition 5(e), (iii) after any such Note has been called for redemption or (iv) during the 
period of seven days ending on (and including) any Record Date. 
3
Status and Subordination
(a)
Status
The Notes and Coupons constitute direct and unsecured and unguaranteed obligations of the Issuer, 
subordinated in the manner set out in Condition 3(b) below and shall at all times rank pari passu without 
any preference among themselves.
(b)
Subordination
If a Winding-Up occurs, the rights and claims against the Issuer of the holders of the Notes and Coupons 
(and of the Trustee on their behalf) in respect of, or arising under, the Notes, the Coupons or the Trust 
Deed (including any damages awarded for breach of any obligations) shall, save for such exceptions as 
may be provided by applicable legislation, be subordinated as provided in this Condition 3(b) and in the 
Trust Deed to the claims of all Senior Creditors but shall rank (i) at least pari passu with the claims of 
holders of all other subordinated obligations of the Issuer which constitute, or would but for any 
applicable limitation on the amount of such capital constitute, Tier 2 Capital or that rank or are expressed 
to rank pari passu with the Notes and (ii) in priority to the claims of holders of all obligations of the 
Issuer which constitute, or would but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital 
constitute, Tier 1 Capital and all obligations which rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu therewith 
and to the claims of holders of all classes of share capital of the Issuer.
The subordination provisions apply to amounts payable under the Notes and Coupons and nothing 
contained therein or in the Trust Deed shall affect or prejudice any claim by the Trustee against the Issuer 
in respect of the costs, charges, expenses, liabilities or remuneration of the Trustee.
(c)
No Set-off
Subject to applicable law, no holder of a Note, or a Coupon relating thereto, may exercise, claim or plead 
any right of set-off, compensation or retention in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer in respect 
of, arising under, or in connection with the Notes or the Coupons relating thereto or the Trust Deed and 
each holder of a Note or a Coupon relating thereto shall, by virtue of his holding of any such Note or 
Coupon, be deemed, to the extent permitted under applicable law, to have waived all such rights of set-
off, compensation or retention. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if any of the amounts owing to 
any Noteholder or Couponholder by the Issuer in respect of or arising under or in connection with the

--- Page 109 ---
102
Notes or the Coupons relating thereto is discharged by set-off, such Noteholder and Couponholder shall, 
subject to applicable law, immediately pay an amount equal to the amount of such discharge to the Issuer 
(or in the event of its winding-up or examinership, the liquidator or, as applicable, examiner of the Issuer) 
and accordingly such discharge will be deemed not to have taken place, and until such payment is made 
shall hold an amount equal thereto in trust for the Issuer (or, as the case may be, the liquidator or, as 
applicable, examiner of the Issuer).
4
Interest and other Calculations
(a)
Interest on the Notes
(i)
Interest Payment Dates (Floating Rate Notes)
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of 
Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of 
interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 4(f). Such Interest Payment 
Date(s) is/are either shown hereon as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest 
Payment Date(s) is/are shown hereon, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the 
number of months or other period shown hereon as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement 
Date.
(ii)
Business Day Convention
If any date referred to in these Conditions which is specified to be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day (as defined below), then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the 
Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such 
date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent 
such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had 
it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to 
the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such 
date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.
(iii)
Rate of Interest for Fixed Rate Notes
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of 
Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of 
interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 4(f).
(iv)
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Period shall be determined 
in the manner specified hereon and the provisions below relating to any of ISDA Determination,
Screen Rate Determination or Linear Interpolation shall apply, depending upon which is specified 
hereon.

--- Page 110 ---
103
(A)
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes
Where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period shall be determined by 
the Calculation Agent as, subject to Condition 4(e), a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Period means a 
rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under 
a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions 
and under which:
(x)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified hereon;
(y)
the Designated Maturity is a period specified hereon; and
(z)
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Period unless otherwise 
specified hereon.
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap Transaction” 
have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions.
(B)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes – Term Rates
(x)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, and unless the Reference Rate in respect of the 
relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes is specified hereon as being “SONIA” or 
“SOFR”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject to Condition 4(e),
Condition 4(i) and as provided below, be either:
(i)
the offered quotation; or
(ii)
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations,
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time in the case of Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”)) on the 
Interest Determination Date in question as determined by the Calculation Agent. If 
five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, 
the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations.
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes is 
specified hereon as being other than EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of 
such Notes will be determined as provided hereon.
(y)
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if sub-paragraph (x)(i) above applies 
and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or if sub-
paragraph (x)(ii) above applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear 
on the Relevant Screen Page, in each case at the time specified above, subject as 
provided below, the Calculation Agent shall request, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks, to 
provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage

--- Page 111 ---
104
rate per annum) for the Reference Rate if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in 
question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with 
such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall, subject 
to Condition 4(e), be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined 
by the Calculation Agent.
(z)
If paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than 
two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided below, 
the Rate of Interest shall, subject to Condition 4(e), be the arithmetic mean of the 
rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request 
of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at 
which such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market or, if fewer than two of the Reference 
Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits 
in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or 
more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for 
such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, provided that, if the 
Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
of this paragraph (and subject to Condition 4(i)), the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied 
to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period).
(C)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded SONIA
(x)
SONIA Compounded Index Rate
Where (i) Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined; (ii) the Reference Rate is specified hereon 
as being SONIA; and (iii) SONIA Compounded Index Rate is specified hereon as 
being applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject to 
Condition 4(e) and Condition 4(i), be the SONIA Compounded Index Rate 
determined as follows:
“SONIA Compounded Index Rate” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment during the SONIA 
Observation Period relating to such Interest Period (with the daily Sterling 
overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be

--- Page 112 ---
105
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as 
follows:
 	 
 
	 
 
−1 × 365
 
provided, however, that and subject to Condition 4(i), if the SONIA Compounded 
Index Value is not available in relation to any Interest Period on the Relevant 
Screen 
Page 
or
on 
the 
Bank 
of 
England’s 
website 
at 
www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such other page or website as 
may replace such page for the purposes of publishing the SONIA Compounded 
Index) for the determination of either or both of SONIA Compounded IndexSTART
and/or SONIA Compounded IndexEND, the Rate of Interest shall be calculated for 
such Interest Period on the basis of the SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate 
as set out in Condition 4(a)(iv)(C)(y) as if SONIA Compounded Daily Reference 
Rate with Observation Shift had been specified hereon as being applicable and the 
“Relevant Screen Page” shall be deemed to be the “Relevant Fallback Screen Page” 
as specified hereon,
where:
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant SONIA Observation Period;
“London Business Day”, means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London;
“p” means, for any Interest Period, the whole number specified hereon (or, if no 
such number is so specified, five) representing a number of London Business Days;
“SONIA Compounded Index” means the index known as the SONIA Compounded 
Index administered by the Bank of England (or any successor administrator 
thereof);
“SONIA Compounded Index Value” means, in relation to any London Business 
Day, the value of the SONIA Compounded Index as published by authorised 
distributors on the Relevant Screen Page on such London Business Day or, if the 
value of the SONIA Compounded Index cannot be obtained from the Relevant 
Screen Page, as published on the Bank of England’s website at 
www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such other page or website as 
may replace such page for the purposes of publishing the SONIA Compounded 
Index) in respect of such London Business Day;
“SONIA Compounded IndexEND” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the 
SONIA Compounded Index Value on the last day of the relevant SONIA 
Observation Period;
“SONIA Compounded IndexSTART” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the 
SONIA Compounded Index Value on the first day of the relevant SONIA 
Observation Period; and
“SONIA Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period 
from (and including) the date falling “p” London Business Days prior to the first 
day of such Interest Period (and the first SONIA Observation Period shall begin on

--- Page 113 ---
106
(and include) the date which is “p” London Business Days prior to the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on (but excluding) the date which is “p” London 
Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the 
date falling “p” London Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Notes become due and payable).
(y)
SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate
Where (i) Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined; (ii) the Reference Rate is specified hereon 
as being SONIA; and (iii) SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate is specified 
hereon as being applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject 
to Condition 4(e) and Condition 4(i), be the SONIA Compounded Daily Reference 
Rate determined as follows:
“SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate” means, in respect of an Interest 
Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily 
Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) 
and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, as follows:
!" 1 + 	$ × $
365
 −1
%&
$'(
) × 365

where:
“London Business Day”, “p” and “SONIA Observation Period” have the respective 
meanings set out in Condition 4(a)(iv)(C)(x);
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant:
(i)
SONIA Observation Period, where Observation Shift is specified hereon as 
being applicable; or
(ii)
Interest Period, where Lag is specified hereon as being applicable;
“do” is the number of London Business Days in the relevant:
(i)
SONIA Observation Period, where Observation Shift is specified hereon as 
being applicable; or
(ii)
Interest Period, where Lag is specified hereon as being applicable;
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
London Business Day in chronological order from (and including) the first London 
Business Day in the relevant:
(i)
SONIA Observation Period, where Observation Shift is specified hereon as 
being applicable, to (and including) the last London Business Day in the 
relevant SONIA Observation Period; or
(ii)
Interest Period, where Lag is specified hereon as being applicable, to (and 
including) the last London Business Day in the relevant Interest Period;

--- Page 114 ---
107
“ni”, for any London Business Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from 
(and including) such London Business Day “i” up to (but excluding) the next 
following London Business Day;
“SONIAi” means, in relation to any London Business Day, the SONIA reference 
rate in respect of:
(i)
that London Business Day “i”, where Observation Shift is specified hereon
as being applicable; or
(ii)
the London Business Day (being a London Business Day falling in the 
relevant SONIA Observation Period) falling “p” London Business Days 
prior to the relevant London Business Day “i”, where Lag is specified 
hereon as being applicable; and
the “SONIA reference rate”, in respect of any London Business Day, is a reference 
rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for such 
London Business Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page on the next 
following London Business Day or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as 
published by authorised distributors on such next following London Business Day 
or, if SONIA cannot be obtained from the Relevant Screen Page, as published on 
the Bank of England’s website at www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or 
such other page or website as may replace such page for the purposes of publishing 
the SONIA reference rate).
(z)
Subject to Condition 4(i), where SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate hereon 
and either (i) SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate is specified hereon as 
being applicable or (ii) the SONIA Compounded Index Rate is specified hereon as 
being applicable and Condition 4(a)(iv)(C)(y) applies, if, in respect of any London 
Business Day, the SONIA reference rate is not available on the Relevant Screen 
Page or the Relevant Fallback Screen Page as applicable (or as otherwise provided 
in the relevant definition thereof) or as published on the Bank of England’s website 
at www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such other page or website as 
may replace such page for the purposes of publishing the SONIA reference rate), 
such Reference Rate shall be:
(i)
(1) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at close 
of business on the relevant London Business Day; plus (2) the mean of the 
spread of the SONIA reference rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five 
days on which the SONIA reference rate has been published, excluding the 
highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those 
highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest 
spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate, or
(ii)
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA reference rate published on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or as otherwise provided in the relevant 
definition thereof) or (if later) as published on the Bank of England’s 
website at www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such other 
page or website as may replace such page for the purposes of publishing the 
SONIA reference rate) for the first preceding London Business Day on 
which the SONIA reference rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page

--- Page 115 ---
108
(or as otherwise provided in the relevant definition thereof) or (if later) as 
published 
on 
the 
Bank 
of 
England’s 
website 
at 
www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such other page or 
website as may replace such page for the purposes of publishing the SONIA 
reference rate), and
in each case, SONIAi shall be interpreted accordingly.
(aa)
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 9, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination 
Date specified hereon, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due 
and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such 
Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such date and as if (solely for the 
purpose of such interest determination) the relevant Interest Period had been 
shortened accordingly.
(D)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded SOFR
(x)
SOFR Compounded Index Rate
Where (i) Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined; (ii) the Reference Rate is specified hereon 
as being SOFR; and (iii) SOFR Compounded Index Rate is specified hereon as 
being applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject to 
Condition 4(e) and as provided below, be the SOFR Compounded Index Rate 
determined as follows.
“SOFR Compounded Index Rate” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment during the SOFR 
Observation Period relating to such Interest Period (with the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as 
follows:
 *+ 
 
*+ 
 
−1 × 360
 
provided, however, that, and subject as provided below, if the SOFR Compounded 
Index Value is not available in relation to any Interest Period on the SOFR 
Administrator’s Website for the determination of either or both of SOFR
Compounded IndexSTART and/or SOFR Compounded IndexEND and a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have not occurred 
with respect to such SOFR Compounded Index Value, the Rate of Interest shall be 
calculated for such Interest Period on the basis of the SOFR Compounded Daily 
Reference Rate as set out in Condition 4(a)(iv)(D)(y) as if SOFR Compounded 
Daily Reference Rate with Observation Shift had been specified hereon as being 
applicable,
where:
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant SOFR Observation Period;

--- Page 116 ---
109
“p” means, for any Interest Period, the whole number specified hereon (or, if no 
such number is so specified, five) representing a number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days;
“SOFR” means the daily secured overnight financing rate as provided by the SOFR 
Administrator on the SOFR Administrator’s Website;
“SOFR Administrator” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of SOFR);
“SOFR Administrator’s Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York, or any successor source;
“SOFR Compounded Index” means the index known as SOFR Index administered 
by the SOFR Administrator;
“SOFR Compounded Index Value” means, in relation to any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, the value of the SOFR Compounded Index as published 
by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at 3:00 p.m. 
(New York City time) on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day;
“SOFR Compounded IndexEND” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the SOFR 
Compounded Index Value on the last day of the relevant SOFR Observation Period;
“SOFR Compounded IndexSTART” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the SOFR
Compounded Index Value on the first day of the relevant SOFR Observation 
Period;
“SOFR Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period 
from (and including) the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the first SOFR Observation 
Period shall begin on (and include) the date which is “p” U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on 
(but excluding) the date which is “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling “p” 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes become due and payable); and
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, 
a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be 
closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, if both a Benchmark Transition Event 
and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to 
determining the SOFR Compounded Index Rate, the benchmark replacement 
provisions set forth in Condition 4(a)(iv)(D)(aa) below shall apply for the purposes 
of all determinations of the Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes.
(y)
SOFR Compounded Daily Reference Rate
Where (i) Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined; (ii) the Reference Rate is specified hereon 
as being SOFR; and (iii) SOFR Compounded Daily Reference Rate is specified

--- Page 117 ---
110
hereon as being applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject 
to Condition 4(e) and as provided below, be the SOFR Compounded Daily 
Reference Rate determined as follows:
“SOFR Compounded Daily Reference Rate” means, in respect of an Interest 
Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
as follows:
!"1 + *+$ × $
360
 −1
%&
$'(
) × 360

where:
“p”, “SOFR Administrator”, “SOFR Administrator’s Website”, “SOFR 
Observation Period” and “U.S. Government Securities Business Day” have the 
respective meanings set out in Condition 4(a)(iv)(D)(x);
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant:
(i)
SOFR Observation Period, where Observation Shift is specified hereon as 
being applicable; or
(ii)
Interest Period, where Lag is specified hereon as being applicable;
“do” is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant:
(i)
SOFR Observation Period, where Observation Shift is specified hereon as 
being applicable; or
(ii)
Interest Period, where Lag is specified hereon as being applicable;
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from (and including)
the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant:
(i)
SOFR Observation Period, where Observation Shift is specified hereon as 
being applicable, to (and including) the last U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in the relevant SOFR Observation Period; or
(ii)
Interest Period, where Lag is specified hereon as being applicable, to (and 
including) the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Period;
“ni”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”, means the number of 
calendar days from (and including) such U.S. Government Securities Business Day
“i” up to (but excluding) the next following U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day;
“SOFRi” means, in relation to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the 
SOFR reference rate in respect of:
(i)
that U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”, where Observation Shift 
is specified hereon as being applicable; or

--- Page 118 ---
111
(ii)
the U.S. Government Securities Business Day (being a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day falling in the relevant SOFR Observation Period) 
falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”, where Lag is specified 
hereon as being applicable; and
the “SOFR reference rate” means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, a rate determined in accordance with the following provisions:
(i)
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day that appears on the SOFR Administrator’s Website 
at or about 3.00 p.m. (New York City time) on the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day immediately following such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day; and
(ii)
if the rate specified in paragraph (i) above does not so appear, unless both a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred, then the Calculation Agent shall use the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website for the first 
preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day on which the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate was published on the SOFR Administrator’s 
Website.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, if both a Benchmark Transition Event 
and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to 
determining the SOFR Compounded Daily Reference Rate, the benchmark 
replacement provisions set forth in Condition 4(a)(iv)(D)(aa) below shall apply for 
the purposes of all determinations of the Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes.
(z)
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 9, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination 
Date specified hereon, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due 
and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such 
Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such date and as if (solely for the 
purpose of such interest determination) the relevant Interest Period had been 
shortened accordingly.
(aa)
Notwithstanding any other provisions in these Conditions, if:
(i)
the Benchmark is SOFR; and
(ii)
any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to the Benchmark,
then the following provisions of this Condition 4(a)(iv)(D)(aa) shall apply.
(I)
Benchmark Replacement
If the Issuer or its designee determines prior to the Reference Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date that a Benchmark Transition Event and 
its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the 
then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the 
then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of 
all determinations on such date and all determinations on all subsequent

--- Page 119 ---
112
dates (subject to any subsequent application of this Condition 
4(a)(iv)(D)(aa) with respect to such Benchmark Replacement).
(II)
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the 
Issuer or its designee will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes from time to time.
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee of an 
officer’s certificate pursuant to Condition 4(a)(iv)(D)(aa)(IV) and subject 
as provided below, the Trustee shall (at the expense of the Issuer), without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, be obliged 
to concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes (including, inter alia, by the execution of a 
supplemental trust deed to or amending the Trust Deed), provided that the 
Trustee shall not be obliged so to concur if in the opinion of the Trustee 
doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any 
additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the 
protective provisions afforded to the Trustee in the Trust Deed (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental trust deed) in any way.
The Calculation Agent or any Paying Agent is not obliged to concur with 
the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
which, in the sole opinion of the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying 
Agent, as the case may be, would impose more onerous obligations upon it 
or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce 
or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent or the 
relevant Paying Agent (as applicable) in the Agency Agreement.
None of the Trustee, the Calculation Agent or the Issuing and Paying Agent 
shall have any liability for any determination made by or on behalf of the 
Issuer or its designee in connection with a Benchmark Transition Event or 
a Benchmark Replacement. For the avoidance of doubt, unless otherwise 
agreed upon in writing, the Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent shall in no event be the Issuer’s designee.
(III)
Decisions and Determinations
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer or 
its designee pursuant to this Condition 4(a)(iv)(D)(aa), including (without 
limitation) any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or 
of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and 
any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will 
be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, may be made in the 
Issuer’s or its designee’s sole discretion (as applicable), and, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Conditions or the Trust 
Deed, shall become effective without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of Noteholders or any other party.
In connection with any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes in 
accordance with this Condition 4(a)(iv)(D)(aa), the Issuer shall comply with

--- Page 120 ---
113
the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being 
listed or admitted to trading.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(a)(iv)(D)(aa), no 
Benchmark Replacement will be adopted, nor will the applicable 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment be applied, nor will any Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes be made, if and to the extent that, in the
determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to 
prejudice the then current or future qualification of the Notes as Tier 2 
Capital.
(IV)
Notice and Certification
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and 
the specific terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
determined under this Condition 4(a)(iv)(D)(aa) will be notified at least 10 
business days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date by the Issuer 
to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, promptly 
thereafter, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders. Such notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes, if any.
No later than notifying the Noteholders of the same, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Trustee an officer’s certificate:
(A)
confirming (a) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (b) 
the Benchmark Replacement, (c) the applicable Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment and (d) the specific terms of the
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (if any), in each case 
as determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 
4(a)(iv)(D)(aa); and
(B)
certifying that the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (if 
any) are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Benchmark 
Replacement
and the 
applicable 
Benchmark 
Replacement 
Adjustment.
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without liability to 
any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Benchmark Replacement, 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the 
absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Benchmark 
Replacement, the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes (if any) and without prejudice to the 
Trustee’s ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the 
Issuer, the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the 
Noteholders.
(V)
Definitions
In this Condition 4(a)(iv)(D)(aa):

--- Page 121 ---
114
“Benchmark” means, initially, SOFR (provided that if a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used in the 
calculation thereof) or any Benchmark which has replaced it in accordance 
with this Condition 4(a)(iv)(D)(aa), then the term “Benchmark” means the 
applicable Benchmark Replacement);
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set out in the order 
below that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as at the 
Benchmark Replacement Date:
(A)
the sum of: (1) the alternative rate of interest that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark and (2) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment;
(B)
the sum of: (1) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (2) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; or
(C)
the sum of: (1) the alternative rate of interest that has been selected 
by the Issuer or its designee as the replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate 
of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. 
dollar denominated floating rate notes at such time and (2) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set out in 
the order below that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as at
the Benchmark Replacement Date:
(A)
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero), or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement;
(B)
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent 
to the ISDA Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or
(C)
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero) that has been selected by the Issuer or its designee giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method 
for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the 
replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar denominated 
floating rate notes at such time;
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to 
any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational 
changes (including changes to the definition of Interest Period, timing and 
frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding 
amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer or its 
designee decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such

--- Page 122 ---
115
Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market 
practice (or, if the Issuer or its designee decides that adoption of any portion 
of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer or its 
designee determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark 
Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer or its designee 
determines is reasonably necessary);
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the 
daily published component used in the calculation thereof):
(A)
in the case of paragraph (A) or (B) of the definition of “Benchmark 
Transition Event”, the later of (1) the date of the public statement or 
publication of information referenced therein and (2) the date on 
which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
or
(B)
in the case of paragraph (C) of the definition of “Benchmark 
Transition Event”, the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein.
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Benchmark 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference 
Time for such determination;
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the 
daily published component used in the calculation thereof):
(A)
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing 
that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component), permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component);
(B)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component), the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or 
such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark 
(or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency 
or resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark (or 
such component), which states that the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide 
the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is

--- Page 123 ---
116
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); or
(C)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that 
the Benchmark is no longer representative;
“designee” means an affiliate or any other agent of the Issuer; 
“ISDA Definitions” has the meaning given to it in Condition 16; 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be 
a positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark; 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the 
applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark 
means (A) if the Benchmark is SOFR, 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) or 
such other time as is reasonably agreed between the Issuer or its designee 
and the Calculation Agent and (B) if the Benchmark is not SOFR, the time 
determined by the Issuer or its designee in accordance with the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes; 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board and/or 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed 
or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York or any successor thereto; and
“Unadjusted 
Benchmark 
Replacement” 
means 
the 
Benchmark 
Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.
(E)
Linear Interpolation
Where Linear Interpolation is specified hereon as applicable in respect of an Interest 
Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as applicable) or 
the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as 
applicable), one of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period, provided however, that if there is no such rate available for the period of 
time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Issuer shall determine such 
rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate.
(b)
Resettable Notes
(i)
Each Resettable Note bears interest on its outstanding amount:

--- Page 124 ---
117
(A)
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date up to (but excluding) the First 
Resettable Note Reset Date at the Initial Rate of Interest;
(B)
from (and including) the First Resettable Note Reset Date to (but excluding) the Second 
Resettable Note Reset Date or, if no such Second Resettable Note Reset Date is specified 
hereon, the Maturity Date, at the First Reset Rate of Interest; and
(C)
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate 
of Interest.
Interest will be payable in arrear on each Resettable Note Interest Payment Date and on the date 
specified hereon as the Maturity Date.
(ii)
Fallback Provisions for Resettable Notes
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap 
Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Calculation Agent shall request each of 
the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation 
as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on the 
Reset Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum 
of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. 
being rounded upwards) of the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the First Margin 
or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) with such sum converted as set out in the definition of First 
Reset Rate of Interest or Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable), all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent.
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 4(b)(ii), the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate 
of Interest (as applicable) shall be determined to be the Rate of Interest as at the last preceding 
Resettable Note Reset Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the First Reset 
Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest (though substituting, in each case, the
Subsequent Margin or First Margin, as appropriate, if different for each Reset Period).
(c)
Zero Coupon Notes
Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be zero coupon is repayable prior to the Maturity 
Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Early 
Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue 
principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation 
Yield (as described in Condition 5(f)(i)).
(d)
Accrual of Interest
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon due presentation, 
payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (both before 
and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 4 to the Relevant 
Date (as defined in Condition 16).

--- Page 125 ---
118
(e)
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts and Rounding
(i)
If any Margin is specified hereon (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more Interest 
Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of 
Interest for the specified Interest Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with 
Condition 4(a) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting (if a negative number) the 
absolute value of such Margin specified on the Notes, subject always to the next paragraph.
(ii)
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Optional Redemption Amount is specified on 
the Notes, then such Rate of Interest or Optional Redemption Amount shall be subject to such 
maximum or minimum, as the case may be.
(iii)
Unless otherwise stated hereon, the Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest Period shall not be 
less than zero.
(iv)
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 of a percentage point 
being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (provided that if 
the eighth significant figure is a 5 or greater, the seventh significant figure shall be rounded up) 
and (z) all currency amounts which fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of 
such currency (with half a unit being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded 
down to the nearest yen. For these purposes, “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency 
which is available as legal tender in the countries of such currency.
(f)
Calculations
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any Interest Period
shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount specified hereon, and the 
Day Count Fraction for such Interest Period, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) 
is applicable to such Interest Period, in which case the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be 
calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest 
Periods, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall 
be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest Periods. In respect of any 
other period for which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the 
Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required to be calculated.
(g)
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption Amounts
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on each Interest Determination Date, or (if 
applicable) Reset Determination Date or such other time on such date as it may be required to calculate 
any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate 
and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period, calculate the Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, obtain such 
quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest 
and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Period or Reset Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date 
and/or Resettable Note Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount to be notified to the Issuer, the 
Trustee, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect 
of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are

--- Page 126 ---
119
listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange or other relevant authority so require, such 
exchange or other relevant authority as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later 
than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period, if determined prior to such 
time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all 
other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any date is subject to adjustment 
pursuant to Condition 4(a)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date or Resettable Note 
Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made with the consent of the Trustee by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of 
an extension or shortening of the Interest Period or Reset Period. If the Notes become due and payable 
under Condition 9, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall, 
subject in the case of each of the SONIA Compounded Index Rate, the SONIA Compounded Daily 
Reference Rate, the SOFR Compounded Index Rate and the SOFR Compounded Daily Reference Rate 
to Condition 4(a)(iv)(C) or 4(a)(iv)(D), as applicable, nevertheless continue to be calculated as 
previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest 
Amount so calculated need be made unless the Trustee otherwise requires. The determination of any rate 
or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the 
Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties.
(h)
Calculation Agents
The Issuer will procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if provision is 
made for them in the Conditions applicable to this Note and for so long as it is outstanding. Where more 
than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the 
Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under 
the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent 
fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or Reset Period or to calculate any Interest 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Final Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as 
the case may be, or to comply with any other requirements, the Issuer will appoint a leading bank or 
financial institution engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter 
index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made 
by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or any other office actively involved 
in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a 
successor having been appointed as aforesaid.
(i)
Benchmark Discontinuation
If (i) the Original Reference Rate is not SOFR and (ii) a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the 
Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply (with 
effect from 30 days prior to the first date when such determination is necessary).
(i)
Independent Adviser
The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, to consult with the Issuer in determining a Successor Rate, failing which 
an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 4(i)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 4(i)(iv)).
In making such determination, the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4(i) 
and the Issuer shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. In the absence of 
bad faith or fraud, the Issuer and the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to

--- Page 127 ---
120
the Issuer, the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, or the Noteholders, as 
applicable, for any determination made by the Issuer and/or for any advice given to the Issuer in 
connection with any determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 4(i).
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Issuer fails to determine a 
Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 4(i) prior 
to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding 
Interest Period shall (subject as provided below) be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined 
in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period. If there has not 
been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest. Where 
a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to 
the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate 
of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this 
paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent 
Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 4(i)(i).
For the purposes of this Condition 4(i) only, in respect of any Resettable Notes, references to (i) 
Interest Determination Date shall be read as references to Reset Determination Date, (ii) Interest 
Period shall be read as references to Reset Period and (iii) Interest Payment Date shall be read as 
references to Resettable Note Reset Date.
(ii)
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner, determines that:
(A)
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread 
shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate 
of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 4(i)); or
(B)
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate 
and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 
4(i)).
(iii)
Adjustment Spread
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment Spread) 
shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).
(iv)
Benchmark Amendments
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread 
is determined in accordance with this Condition 4(i) and the Issuer, following consultation with 
the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions and/or the Trust Deed are necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the

--- Page 128 ---
121
terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in 
accordance with Condition 4(i)(v) without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
Noteholders, vary these Conditions and/or of the Trust Deed to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee of an officer’s certificate pursuant 
to Condition 4(i)(v), the Trustee shall (at the expense of the Issuer), without any requirement for 
the consent or approval of the Noteholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any 
Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a supplemental trust deed to 
or amending the Trust Deed), provided that the Trustee shall not be obliged so to concur if in the 
opinion of the Trustee doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to 
any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions 
afforded to the Trustee in the Trust Deed (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental 
trust deed) in any way.
The Calculation Agent or any Paying Agent is not obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting 
any Benchmark Amendments which, in the sole opinion of the Calculation Agent or the relevant 
Paying Agent, as the case may be, would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it 
to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions 
afforded to the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent (as applicable) in the Agency 
Agreement.
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4(i), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(i), no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
will be adopted, nor will the applicable Adjustment Spread be applied, nor will any Benchmark 
Amendments be made, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could 
reasonably be expected to prejudice the then current or future qualification of the Notes as Tier 2 
Capital.
(v)
Notices, etc.
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 4(i) will be notified at least 10 
business days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date by the Issuer to the Trustee, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, promptly thereafter, in accordance with Condition 13, 
the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the 
Benchmark Amendments, if any.
No later than notifying the Noteholders of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee an 
officer’s certificate:
(A)
confirming (a) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (b) the Successor Rate or, as the case 
may be, the Alternative Rate, (c) the applicable Adjustment Spread and (d) the specific 
terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each case as determined in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition 4(i); and
(B)
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread.

--- Page 129 ---
122
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without liability to any person) as 
sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread 
and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of 
manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the 
Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the 
Trustee’s ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders.
(vi)
Survival of Original Reference Rate
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Conditions 4(i)(i), 4(i)(ii), 4(i)(iii) and 
4(i)(iv), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 
4(a)(iv) and Condition 4(b), as applicable, will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark 
Event has occurred.
5
Redemption, Purchase and Options
(a)
Final redemption
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled or (pursuant to Condition 5(i)) substituted, each 
Note will be redeemed at its Final Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise provided, is its nominal 
amount) on the Maturity Date specified on each Note.
(b)
Redemption for taxation reasons
If, as a result of any amendment to, or change in, the laws or regulations of Ireland or any political 
subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax or in the officially 
published application or interpretation or administration of any such laws or regulations which becomes 
effective on or after the Issue Date, (i) the Issuer would, on the occasion of the next payment date in 
respect of the Notes, be required to pay additional amounts as provided in Condition 7, or (ii) any relief 
from tax in respect of interest paid on the Notes would be withdrawn by Ireland or (iii) any payment of 
interest would be treated as a distribution by Ireland (each, a “Tax Event”), the Issuer may, at its sole 
discretion, on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) or at any time (if this Note 
is not a Floating Rate Note) on giving not more than 45 nor less than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable) in accordance with Condition 13 and subject to Condition 5(h), 
redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount as specified hereon 
together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. Prior to the publication of any notice of 
redemption pursuant to this Condition 5(b), the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a certificate signed by 
two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and 
setting forth a statement of the facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so 
to redeem have occurred and the Trustee shall be entitled to accept such certificate without further 
inquiry as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent referred to above, in which 
event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Trustee and the holders of the Notes and Coupons.
(c)
Purchases
Subject to Condition 5(h) and Applicable Regulatory Capital Requirements, the Issuer and any of its 
subsidiaries may purchase (or otherwise acquire), or procure others to purchase (or otherwise acquire) 
beneficially for its account, Notes (provided that, in the case of Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons 
and unexchanged Talons appertaining thereto are attached or surrendered therewith) in any manner and 
at any price.

--- Page 130 ---
123
(d)
Redemption for Regulatory Reasons
Subject to Condition 5(h), if a Capital Disqualification Event (as defined in Condition 16) has occurred 
and is continuing, the Issuer may, at its sole discretion, having given:
(i)
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
13; and
(ii)
prior notice to the Trustee before the giving of the notice referred to in (i),
(which notices shall be irrevocable), redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes then outstanding at any 
time at the Early Redemption Amount(s) specified hereon together with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the relevant date fixed for redemption.
(e)
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer
Subject to Condition 5(h), if Call Option is specified on the Notes as being applicable, the Issuer may, 
at its sole discretion, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the 
Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified on the Notes) redeem all (or, if so provided, 
some) of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their 
Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. Any such 
redemption must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount 
to be redeemed specified hereon and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed 
specified hereon.
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition.
In the case of a partial redemption, the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the serial numbers of the 
Bearer Notes or, in the case of Registered Notes, shall specify the nominal amount of Registered Notes 
drawn and the holder(s) of such Registered Notes, to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such 
place as the Trustee may approve and in such manner as it deems appropriate, subject to compliance 
with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant authority requirements.
(f)
Early Redemption
(i)
Zero Coupon Notes
(A)
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Conditions 5(b) and 5(d) or upon it becoming due 
and payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be the Amortised Face Amount (calculated 
as provided below) of such Note unless otherwise specified hereon.
(B)
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Face Amount of any 
such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity 
Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation 
Yield (which, if none is shown hereon, shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised 
Face Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were discounted back to their 
issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually.
(C)
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of such Note upon its redemption 
pursuant to Conditions 5(b) and 5(d) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in 
Condition 9 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and payable in 
respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as described in

--- Page 131 ---
124
sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the 
date on which the Note becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation 
of the Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be 
made (both before and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date 
falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the 
scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any 
interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 4(c).
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on the 
basis of the Day Count Fraction shown hereon.
(ii)
Other Notes
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes described in (i) 
above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 5(b) or Condition 5(d) or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9, shall be the Final Redemption Amount 
unless otherwise specified hereon.
(g)
Cancellation
All Notes redeemed or substituted by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 5 will forthwith be cancelled. 
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries, subject to obtaining any 
Supervisory Permission therefor, may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered 
for cancellation, in the case of Bearer Notes, by surrendering each such Note (together with all 
unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons) to the Issuing and Paying Agent and, in the case of 
Registered Notes, by surrendering the Certificate representing such Notes to the Registrar and, in each 
case, if so surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith 
(together, in the case of Bearer Notes, with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached 
thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or 
resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged.
(h)
Conditions to Redemption or Purchase
Any redemption or purchase of the Notes in accordance with Conditions 5(b), (c), (d) or (e) is subject to 
(in each case, if and to the extent then required under the Applicable Regulatory Capital Requirements) 
the following conditions: 
(i)
the Issuer obtaining prior Supervisory Permission for such redemption or purchase (as the case 
may be); 
(ii)
in the case of any redemption or purchase, save in the case of Condition 5(h)(v)(A) below, either: 
(A) the Issuer having replaced the Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality 
at terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer; (B) the Issuer having 
demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that the own funds and eligible 
liabilities of the Issuer would, following such redemption or purchase, exceed its minimum 
applicable capital requirements (including any applicable buffer requirements) by a margin 
(calculated in accordance with prevailing Applicable Regulatory Capital Requirements) that the 
Relevant Regulator considers necessary at such time; and
(iii)
in the case of any redemption prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date, upon the occurrence 
of a Tax Event, the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that the 
change in tax treatment is material and was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date;

--- Page 132 ---
125
(iv)
in the case of any redemption prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date upon the occurrence 
of a Capital Disqualification Event, the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant 
Regulator that the relevant change in the regulatory classification of the Notes was not reasonably 
foreseeable as at the Issue Date; and
(v)
in the case of any purchase prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date pursuant to Condition 
5(c), either (A) the issuer having, before or at the same time as such purchase, replaced the Notes 
with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income 
capacity of the Issuer, and the Relevant Regulator having permitted such action on the basis of 
the determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by 
exceptional circumstances or (B) the relevant Notes are being purchased for market-making 
purposes in accordance with the Applicable Regulatory Capital Requirements.
Any refusal by the Relevant Regulator to give its Supervisory Permission as contemplated above shall 
not constitute a default for any purpose. 
Notwithstanding the above conditions, if, at the time of any redemption or purchase, the Applicable 
Regulatory Capital Requirements permit the repayment or purchase only after compliance with one or 
more alternative or additional pre-conditions to those set out above in this Condition 5(h), the Issuer 
shall comply with such alternative and/or, as appropriate, additional pre-condition(s). 
In addition, in the case of a redemption occurring in respect of a Tax Event pursuant to Condition 5(b), 
the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a copy of an opinion of an independent nationally recognised law 
firm or other tax adviser in Ireland experienced in such matters that a Tax Event has occurred and is 
continuing.
Prior to the publication of any notice of early redemption pursuant to this Condition 5 (other than 
redemption pursuant to Condition 5(e)), the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a certificate signed by any 
two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and 
setting forth a statement of the facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so 
to redeem have occurred and the Trustee shall be entitled to accept such certificate without further 
inquiry as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent referred to above, in which 
event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Trustee and the holders of the Notes and Coupons. 
(i)
Substitution and Variation
If “Substitution and Variation” is specified on this Note as being applicable, then:
(i)
Substitution and Variation
If a Tax Event or a Capital Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing, the Issuer (in 
its sole discretion but subject to the provisions of paragraph (ii) below), having given:
(A)
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13; and
(B)
prior notice to the Trustee before the giving of the notice referred to in (A) and having 
delivered to the Trustee the certificate referred to in the definition of “Tier 2 Compliant 
Notes” in Condition 16,
(which notices shall be irrevocable), may, without any requirement for the consent or approval 
of the Noteholders, either substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes for, or vary the terms of 
the Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Tier 2 Compliant Notes. Upon the 
expiry of the notice referred to in (A) above, the Issuer shall either vary the terms of or, as the

--- Page 133 ---
126
case may be, substitute the Notes in accordance with this Condition 5(i)(i) and, subject as set out 
in Conditions 5(i)(ii) and (iii), the Trustee shall agree to such substitution or variation. In 
connection with any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 5(i), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which such Notes are for the time being 
listed or admitted to trading.
(ii)
Conditions to Substitution and Variation
Any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 5(i) is subject to the following 
conditions:
(A)
the Issuer shall have obtained prior Supervisory Permission therefor from the Relevant 
Regulator (if then required by the Relevant Regulator or by the Applicable Regulatory 
Capital Requirements);
(B)
such substitution or variation must be permitted by, and conducted in accordance with, 
any other applicable requirement of the Relevant Regulator or under the Applicable 
Regulatory Capital Requirements;
(C)
such substitution or variation shall not result in any event or circumstance which at or 
around that time gives the Issuer a redemption right in respect of the Notes; and
(D)
prior to the publication of any notice of substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 
5(i), the Issuer shall have delivered to the Trustee a certificate signed by two Authorised 
Signatories of the Issuer stating that the Capital Disqualification Event or Tax Event giving 
rise to the right to substitute or vary the Notes has occurred and is continuing as at the date 
of the certificate, that all conditions set out in (A), (B) and (C) above have been satisfied 
and the Trustee shall be entitled to accept such certificate without any further inquiry as 
sufficient evidence thereof, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the 
Trustee, the Noteholders and, as applicable, the Couponholders.
(iii)
Role of the Trustee in Substitution and Variation
The Trustee shall, subject to the Issuer’s compliance with Condition 5(i)(ii) and the provision of 
the certificates signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer and at the expense and cost of 
the Issuer, use its reasonable endeavours to assist the Issuer in any substitution or variation of 
Notes pursuant to this Condition 5(i), except that the Trustee shall not be obliged to assist in any 
such substitution or variation if either such substitution or variation itself or the terms of the 
proposed Tier 2 Compliant Notes would impose, in the Trustee’s opinion, more onerous 
obligations upon it or require the Trustee to incur any liability for which it is not indemnified 
and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction.
6
Payments and Talons
(a)
Bearer Notes
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, be made 
against presentation and surrender of the relevant Notes (in the case of all payments of principal and, in 
the case of interest, as specified in Condition 6(f)(v)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified 
in Condition 6(f)(ii)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer 
to an account denominated in such currency with, a Bank. “Bank” means a bank in the principal financial

--- Page 134 ---
127
centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET 
System.
(b)
Registered Notes
(i)
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes shall be made against presentation and 
surrender of the relevant Certificates at the specified office of any of the Transfer Agents or of 
the Registrar and in the manner provided in paragraph (ii) below.
(ii)
Interest on Registered Notes shall be paid to the person shown on the Register at the close of 
business on the fifteenth day before the due date for payment thereof (the “Record Date”). 
Payments of interest on each Registered Note shall be made in the relevant currency by cheque 
drawn on a Bank and mailed to the holder (or to the first named of joint holders) of such Note at 
its address appearing in the Register. Upon application by the holder to the specified office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record Date, such payment of interest may be made 
by transfer to an account in the relevant currency maintained by the payee with a Bank.
(c)
Payments in the United States
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in respect 
thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner 
as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the 
amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at 
all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on 
payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, 
without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer.
(d)
Payments subject to law etc.
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in 
the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7. No commission or expenses 
shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments.
(e)
Appointment of Agents
The Issuing and Paying Agent, the other Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the 
Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed below. 
The Issuing and Paying Agent, the other Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the 
Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and, in certain circumstances specified in the Agency 
Agreement, of the Trustee and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with 
any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time with the approval of the 
Trustee to vary or terminate the appointment of the Issuing and Paying Agent, any other Paying Agent, 
the Registrar, any Transfer Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying 
Agents or Transfer Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) an Issuing and Paying 
Agent, (ii) a Registrar in relation to Registered Notes, (iii) a Transfer Agent in relation to Registered 
Notes, (iv) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (v) a Paying Agent in a 
jurisdiction within Europe, other than the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated and (vi) such 
other agents as may be required by any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed, in each 
case, as approved by the Trustee.
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York in respect of any Bearer Notes
denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) above.

--- Page 135 ---
128
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office will promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13.
(f)
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons
(i)
Upon the due date for redemption of Bearer Notes which comprise Fixed Rate Notes, those Notes 
should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, 
failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the 
case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured 
Coupon which the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) will be deducted from 
the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as 
the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned 
above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant 
Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant 
to Condition 8).
(ii)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note comprising a Floating Rate Note, 
unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no 
payment shall be made in respect of them.
(iii)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such 
Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect of 
such Talon.
(iv)
Where any Bearer Note which provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become void 
upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons, and where any Bearer Note is presented for redemption without any 
unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provisions of such 
indemnity as the Issuer may require.
(v)
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, interest 
accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement Date, 
as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of 
the relevant Bearer Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be. Interest accrued on a 
Note which only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such 
Note against presentation of the relevant Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be.
(g)
Talons
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued in 
respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary 
another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons which may have become void 
pursuant to Condition 8).
(h)
Non-Business Days
If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall not be 
entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of 
such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of 
presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” hereon and:

--- Page 136 ---
129
(i)
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by transfer 
to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange 
transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such currency; or
(ii)
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day.
7
Taxation
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by the Issuer shall be made free 
and clear of, and without deduction or withholding for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges 
of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by Ireland or any authority therein or thereof 
having power to tax, unless such deduction or withholding is required by law. In such event, in respect of 
payments of interest (but not principal or any other amount), the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as 
will result in receipt by the Noteholders or, as the case may be, the Couponholders of such amounts as would 
have been received by them had no such deduction or withholding been required, except that no such additional 
amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon:
(i)
presented (or in respect of which the Certificate representing it is presented) for payment by or on behalf 
of a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such 
Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with Ireland, other than the mere holding of 
such Note or Coupon or the receipt of the relevant payment in respect thereof; or
(ii)
presented (or in respect of which the Certificate representing it is presented) for payment more than 30 
days after the Relevant Date, except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to 
such additional amounts on presenting the same for payment on such 30th day; or
(iii)
presented (or in respect of which the Certificate representing it is presented) by, or by a third party on 
behalf of, a holder who could lawfully avoid (but has not so avoided) such deduction or withholding by 
complying or procuring that any third party complies with any statutory requirements or by making or 
procuring that any third party makes a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption 
to any tax authority in the place where the relevant Note (or the Certificate representing it) or Coupon is 
presented for payment.
References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of 
the Notes, all Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, 
Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 5 or 
any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other 
amounts payable pursuant to Condition 4 or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) “interest” shall be 
deemed to include any additional amounts which may be payable under this Condition or any undertaking given 
in addition to or in substitution for it under the Trust Deed.
For the avoidance of doubt, any amounts to be paid on the Notes will be subject in all cases to any withholding 
or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any regulations thereunder or official interpretations 
thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement between the United States and Ireland, facilitating the 
implementation thereof (or any law implementing such an intergovernmental agreement). Any such amounts 
withheld or deducted will be treated as paid for all purposes under the Notes, and no additional amounts will 
be paid on the Notes with respect to any such withholding or deduction.

--- Page 137 ---
130
8
Prescription
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which, for this purpose shall not 
include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years (in the case of principal) or 
five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect thereof.
9
Events of Default and Enforcement
(a)
Events of Default
(i)
If the Issuer shall not make payment in respect of the Notes (in the case of any payment of 
principal and/or premium) for a period of seven days or more after the due date for the same or 
(in the case of any other amount in respect of the Notes) for a period of 15 days or more after a 
date upon which the payment of interest is due (other than where such non-payment is due solely 
to administrative error (whether by the Issuer or a bank involved in transferring funds to the 
Paying Agent) and payment is made within three business days in London after notice of that 
non-payment has been given to the Issuer by the Trustee), the Trustee may, subject as provided 
in Condition 9(b) below, at its discretion, institute proceedings in Ireland (but not elsewhere) for 
the winding-up of the Issuer but (save as provided in (ii) below) may take no further action in 
respect of such default.
(ii)
In the event of a Winding-Up, whether or not instituted by the Trustee pursuant to (i), the Trustee 
may, subject as provided in Condition 9(b) below, at its discretion, give written notice to the 
Issuer that the Notes are, and they shall accordingly thereby forthwith become, immediately due 
and repayable at their Early Redemption Amount as defined in Condition 5(f), plus accrued 
interest as provided in the Trust Deed.
(iii)
Without prejudice to paragraphs (i) and (ii) above, the Trustee may, subject as provided in 
Condition 9(b) below, at its discretion and without further notice, institute such proceedings 
against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce any obligation, condition or provision binding on 
the Issuer under the Notes, the Coupons or the Trust Deed (other than any obligation for the 
payment of any principal, premium or interest in respect of the Notes), provided that the Issuer 
shall not as a consequence of such proceedings be obliged to pay any sum or sums representing 
or measured by reference to principal or interest in respect of the Notes sooner than the same 
would otherwise have been payable by it or any damages.
(b)
Enforcement
The Trustee shall be bound to take action as referred to in Condition 9(a)(i), (ii) or (iii) above if (i) it 
shall have been so requested by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders or in writing by the 
holders of at least one-fifth in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding and (ii) it shall have been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction.
No Noteholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless the Trustee, having become 
bound so to proceed, fails or is unable to do so within a reasonable period and such failure or inability 
shall be continuing, in which case the Noteholder shall have only such rights against the Issuer as those 
which the Trustee is entitled to exercise pursuant to this Condition 9. 
No Noteholder shall be entitled to institute proceedings for the winding-up of the Issuer, or to prove in 
any Winding-Up of the Issuer, except that if the Trustee, having become bound to proceed against the 
Issuer as aforesaid, fails to do so within a reasonable period and the failure shall be continuing or, being 
able to prove in any Winding-Up of the Issuer, fails to do so, then any such holder may, on giving an

--- Page 138 ---
131
indemnity satisfactory to the Trustee, institute proceedings for the winding-up in Ireland (but not 
elsewhere) of the Issuer and/or prove in any Winding-Up of the Issuer to the same extent (but not further 
or otherwise) that the Trustee would have been entitled so to do in respect of his Notes. 
No remedy against the Issuer, other than as referred to in this Condition 9, shall be available to the 
Trustee or the Noteholders whether for the recovery of amounts owing in respect of the Notes or under 
the Trust Deed or in respect of any breach by the Issuer of any of its obligations under the Trust Deed or 
the Notes (other than for recovery of the Trustee’s remuneration or expenses).
10
Meetings of Noteholders, Modifications, Waiver and Substitution
(a)
Meetings of Noteholders
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders (including meetings held via 
an electronic platform (as defined in the Trust Deed)) to consider any matter affecting their interests, 
including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of any of these Conditions or 
any provisions of the Trust Deed. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or the Trustee and shall 
be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in 
principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. The quorum for any meeting convened to 
consider an Extraordinary Resolution shall be two or more persons holding or representing a clear 
majority in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting 
two or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes held 
or represented, unless the business of such meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter alia, (i) to 
amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes, or any date for payment of interest or Interest 
Amounts thereon, (ii) to reduce or cancel the principal amount, or any premium payable on redemption 
of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to vary the method or 
basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount 
in respect thereof, (iv) if there is shown on the face of the Notes a Minimum Rate of Interest and/or a 
Maximum Rate of Interest, to reduce such Minimum Rate of Interest and/or such Maximum Rate of 
Interest, (v) to change any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount or the Amortised Face Amount of any Note, 
(vi) to change the currency or currencies of payment of the Notes (other than upon the country of such 
currency adopting the euro as its currency), (vii) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum 
required at any meeting of Noteholders or any adjournment thereof or the majority required to pass an 
Extraordinary Resolution or (viii) to alter the provisions as to subordination contained in Condition 3 
and in the Trust Deed (except to the extent that such alteration would, in the opinion of the Trustee, not 
be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders), in which case the necessary quorum shall 
be two or more persons holding or representing not less than 75 per cent., or at any adjourned meeting 
not less than 25 per cent., in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding.
The agreement or approval of the Noteholders shall not be required in the case of any variation of these 
Conditions and/or the Trust Deed required to be made in the circumstances described in Condition 4(i) 
or those described in Condition 5(i) in connection with the variation of the terms of the Notes and to 
which the Trustee has agreed pursuant to the relevant provisions of Condition 4(i) or, as applicable,
Condition 5(i).
The Trust Deed provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less 
than 75 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes outstanding shall for all purposes be as valid and 
effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held.

--- Page 139 ---
132
Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, 
each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding on Noteholders (whether or not they were 
present at the meeting at which such resolution was passed) and on all Couponholders.
(b)
Modification and Waiver
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders but subject to 
Condition 10(f), to (i) any modification of any of these Conditions or the provisions of the Trust Deed 
which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error, and (ii) any other 
modification (except as mentioned in the Trust Deed), and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or 
proposed breach, of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed which is in the opinion of the Trustee not 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. In addition, the Trustee shall be obliged to 
effect such modifications to the Trust Deed and/or these Conditions as may be required in order to give 
effect to Condition 4(i) in connection with effecting any Benchmark Amendments or any Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes, subject to the provisions thereof, without the requirement for the 
consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders.
Any such modification, authorisation or waiver shall be binding on the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders and, if the Trustee so requires, such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders as 
soon as practicable.
(c)
Substitution
The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Trustee to agree, subject to such amendment of the 
Trust Deed and such other conditions as the Trustee may require and Condition 10(f), but without the 
consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, to the substitution of a successor in business of the 
Issuer, a subsidiary of the Issuer or a successor in business thereof in place of the Issuer, or of any 
previous substituted company, as principal debtor under the Trust Deed and the Notes provided that, 
unless such substituted company is a successor in business of the Issuer, the Issuer unconditionally and
irrevocably guarantees, on a subordinated basis, the payment of all moneys payable by the substituted 
company as principal debtor under the Trust Deed and the Notes, and subject to the Trustee being 
satisfied that the substitution is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. In the case 
of such a substitution the Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, 
to a change of the law governing the Notes, the Coupons and/or the Trust Deed provided that such change 
would not in the opinion of the Trustee be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders.
(d)
Entitlement of the Trustee
In connection with the exercise of its functions (including, but not limited to, any modification, waiver, 
authorisation, determination or substitution) the Trustee shall have regard to the interests of the 
Noteholders as a class and shall not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual 
Noteholders or Couponholders and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder 
or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer, the Trustee or any other person any 
indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual 
Noteholders or Couponholders.
(e)
Indemnification of the Trustee
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility. The Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuer and any entity 
related to the Issuer and to act as trustee for the holders of any other securities issued or guaranteed by,

--- Page 140 ---
133
or relating to, the Issuer and/or any entity related to the Issuer. The Trustee is entitled to retain and not 
be liable to account for any profit made or any other amount or benefit received thereby or in connection 
therewith. 
The Trustee may rely without liability to the Noteholders or Couponholders on a report, confirmation or
certificate or any advice of any accountants, financial advisers, financial institution or any other expert, 
whether or not addressed to the Trustee and whether its liability in relation thereto is limited (by its terms 
or by any engagement letter relating thereto entered into by the Trustee or in any other manner) by 
reference to a monetary cap, methodology or otherwise. The Trustee may accept and shall be entitled to 
rely on any such report, confirmation or certificate or advice and such report, confirmation or certificate 
or advice shall be binding on the Issuer, the Trustee and the Noteholders.
The Trustee shall not be liable for any consequences of any application of Irish Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers (as provided in Condition 15(c) below) in respect of the Issuer or any of its affiliates 
or any Notes and shall not be required to take any action in connection therewith that would, in the 
Trustee’s opinion, expose the Trustee to any liability or expense unless it shall have been indemnified 
and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction; provided that nothing in this Condition shall prevent 
any application of Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers in respect of the Issuer or any of its affiliates 
or any Notes from taking effect, and each Noteholder or Couponholder, by its acquisition of any Note 
or Coupon, authorises and instructs the Trustee to take such steps as may be necessary or expedient in 
order to give effect to any such application of Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers.
(f)
Supervisory Permission 
Any substitution, variation or modification of the Notes or (to the extent such substitution, variation or 
modification relates to Notes which are outstanding) the Trust Deed in accordance with this Condition 
10 is subject to the Issuer obtaining Supervisory Permission therefor, provided that at the relevant time 
such permission is required to be given.
11
Replacement of Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons
If a Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed it may be replaced, subject 
to applicable laws and stock exchange regulations, at the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent (in 
the case of Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons) and of the Registrar (in the case of Certificates) or such other 
Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for 
the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13, in each 
case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to 
evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed 
Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange 
for further Coupons, there will be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of 
such Notes, Certificates, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or 
defaced Notes, Certificates, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.
12
Further Issues
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, but subject to any 
Supervisory Permission required (if required), create and issue further notes having the same terms and 
conditions as the Notes or the same in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest 
thereon) and so that such further notes shall be consolidated and form a single series with such Notes, and 
references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly. Any further securities forming a single 
series with the outstanding securities of any series (including the Notes) constituted by the Trust Deed or any

--- Page 141 ---
134
deed supplemental to it shall, and any other securities may (with the consent of the Trustee), be constituted by 
a deed supplemental to the Trust Deed. The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening a single meeting of 
the Noteholders and the holders of securities of other series where the Trustee so decides.
13
Notices
Notices required to be given to the holders of Registered Notes pursuant to the Conditions shall be mailed to 
them at their respective addresses in the Register and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being 
a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing. Notices required to be given to the holders 
of Bearer Notes pursuant to the Conditions shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper of general circulation 
in London and Dublin or, if in the opinion of the Trustee, such publication is not practicable, in another leading 
daily English language newspaper of general circulation in Europe approved by the Trustee. It is expected that 
such publication will be made in the Financial Times in London and in The Irish Times in Dublin. So long as 
the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading, the Issuer shall ensure that notices required to be given to the 
holders of the Notes pursuant to the Conditions shall also be published (if such publication is required) in a 
manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on 
which the Notes are listed/and or admitted to trading. Notices, will, if published more than once, be deemed to 
have been given on the date of the first publication as provided above.
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders 
of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition.
14
Rights of Third Parties
In the case of English law Notes, no person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes 
under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.
15
Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Acknowledgement of Irish Statutory Loss Absorption 
Powers
(a)
Governing Law
The Trust Deed, the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with (i) in the case 
of an English Law Note, English law (except that Conditions 3 and 15(c) and provisions of the Trust 
Deed relating to postponement of the claims of Noteholders and Couponholders on a Winding-Up of the 
Issuer shall be construed in accordance with the laws of Ireland) or (ii) in the case of an Irish Law Note, 
the laws of Ireland.
(b)
Jurisdiction
(i)
In the case of English Law Notes, the Courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any 
disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, any such Notes, Coupons 
or Talons and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with 
any such Notes, Coupons or Talons or the Trust Deed (“Proceedings”) may be brought in such 
courts. The Issuer irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the courts of England and waives any 
objection to Proceedings in such courts on the ground of venue or on the ground that the 
Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. This submission is made for the benefit 
of each of the holders of such Notes, Coupons and Talons and, to the extent permitted by law, 
shall not affect the right of any of them to take Proceedings in any other court of competent

--- Page 142 ---
135
jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking 
of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not).
(ii)
In the case of Irish Law Notes, the Courts of Ireland are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes 
which may arise out of or in connection with any such Notes, Coupons or Talons or the Trust 
Deed and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with any 
such Notes, Coupons or Talons or the Trust Deed (“Proceedings”) may be brought in such courts. 
The Issuer irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the courts of Ireland and waives any 
objection to Proceedings in such courts on the ground of venue or on the ground that the 
Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. This submission is made for the benefit 
of each of the holders of such Notes, Coupons and Talons and, to the extent permitted by law, 
shall not affect the right of any of them to take Proceedings in any other court of competent 
jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking 
of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not).
(c)
Acknowledgement of Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers
Notwithstanding, and to the exclusion of, any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and the Trustee or any Noteholder or Couponholder, 
the Trustee and, by its acquisition of any Note or Coupon, each Noteholder and Couponholder (which 
for the purposes of this Condition, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes and/or the 
Coupons) acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising under the Notes or Coupons may be subject 
to the exercise of Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority and 
acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by:
(i)
the effect of the exercise of any Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, which exercise (without limitation) may include and result in any of the 
following, or a combination thereof:
(A)
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes and/or 
Coupons;
(B)
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes and/or 
Coupons into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, 
and the issue to or conferral on the Noteholder or Couponholder of such shares, securities 
or obligations, including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of the 
terms of the Notes and/or Coupons;
(C)
the cancellation of the Notes and/or Coupons or the Relevant Amounts in respect thereof; 
and
(D)
the amendment or alteration of the Maturity Date of the Notes or amendment of the 
amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which interest becomes payable, 
including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and
(ii)
the variation of the terms of the Notes and/or Coupons as deemed necessary by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
by the Relevant Resolution Authority.
No repayment or payment of Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes will become due and payable or 
be paid after the exercise of any Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority if and to the extent such amounts have been reduced, converted, cancelled, amended or altered 
as a result of such exercise.

--- Page 143 ---
136
Neither a reduction or cancellation, in part or in full, of the Relevant Amounts, the conversion thereof 
into another security or obligation of the Issuer or another person, as a result of the exercise of the Irish 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer, nor 
the exercise of the Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority with 
respect to the Notes and/or Coupons will be an event of default.
Upon the exercise of the Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority 
with respect to the Notes and/or Coupons, the Issuer will (i) provide a written notice to the Noteholders 
and Couponholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as practicable regarding such exercise of 
the Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers; and (ii) deliver a copy of such notice to the Trustee for 
information purposes; provided, however, any failure by the Issuer to give such notice will not affect the 
effectiveness of, or otherwise invalidate, any exercise of the Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by 
the Relevant Resolution Authority pursuant to Condition 15(c) or give Noteholders any rights as a result 
of either such failure.
(d)
Service of Process
The Issuer agrees that the process by which any proceedings in England are begun may be served on it 
by being delivered to Allied Irish Banks, p.l.c., London Branch at St. Helen’s, 1 Undershaft, London 
EC3A 8AB (Head of Branch). If for any reason service of process cannot be made in accordance with 
the above, the Issuer must immediately appoint an agent for service of process and notify the Noteholders 
of such appointment. The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of any process will not 
invalidate the relevant proceedings. This Condition 15(d) does not affect any other method of service 
allowed by law.
16
Definitions
Capitalised terms not defined in these Terms and Conditions will have the meaning given to them in the relevant
Final Terms.
In these Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings:
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or (b) a formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:
(i)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such 
recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate)
(ii)
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines is customarily applied to the 
relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets 
transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if the 
Issuer determines that no such spread is customarily applied)
(iii)
in the case of an Alternative Rate, is in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets 
for transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Alternative Rate;
(iv)
if no such recommendation or option or replacement has been made (or made available), or the Issuer 
determines there is no such spread, formula or methodology in customary market usage, the Issuer, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines and is recognised or acknowledged as 
being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original

--- Page 144 ---
137
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be); or 
(v)
if the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged, the Issuer, in its 
discretion, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate;
“Agency Agreement” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions;
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer, following consultation with 
the Independent Adviser, determines in accordance with Condition 4(i)(ii) is customarily applied in 
international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining Rates of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes;
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated in the 
Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, the Designated Maturity; 
“Applicable Regulatory Capital Requirements” means, at any time, any requirement contained in the laws,
regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies of the Relevant Regulator (whether or not having the force 
of law), Ireland or of the European Parliament and Council then in effect relating to capital adequacy and 
prudential (including resolution) supervision and applicable to the Issuer and/or, as applicable, the Group;
“Authorised Signatory” means any director or any other officer of the Issuer who has been authorised by the 
Issuer to sign the certificates and other documents required or contemplated under these Conditions, the Trust 
Deed and any other transaction document in relation to the Notes on behalf of, and so as to bind, the Issuer;
“Bearer Notes” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1;
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in the provision Condition 4(i)(iv);
“Benchmark Duration” means the duration specified as such hereon;
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i)
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five Business Days or ceasing 
to exist; or
(ii)
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased or that it will
cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference 
Rate); or
(iii)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or
(iv)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a consequence 
of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect 
of the Notes; or
(v)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that the Original Reference Rate will be (or will be deemed by such supervisor to be) no longer 
representative of its relevant underlying market; or 
(vi)
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate,

--- Page 145 ---
138
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-paragraphs (ii) and (iii) 
above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate or the discontinuation of the 
Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, (b) in the case of sub-paragraph (iv) above, on the date of the 
prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate, and (c) in the case of sub-paragraph (v) above, on the date 
with effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant 
supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying market and which is specified in the relevant 
public statement, and in each case, not the date of the relevant public statement;
“Business Day” means:
(i)
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial centre for such currency; 
and/or
(ii)
in the case of euro, a TARGET Business Day; and/or
(iii)
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres, a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the 
Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres;
“Calculation Agent” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions;
“Capital Disqualification Event” is deemed to occur if the Issuer, after consultation with the Relevant Regulator, 
determines that there has been a change (which has occurred or which the Relevant Regulator considers to be 
sufficiently certain) in the regulatory classification of the Notes, in any such case becoming effective on or after 
the Issue Date, that results, or would be likely to result, in the entire principal amount of such Series of Notes 
(or if “Capital Disqualification Event for partial exclusion” is specified hereon to be applicable, the entire 
principal amount of such Series of Notes or any part thereof) being excluded from or ceasing to count towards 
the Issuer’s Tier 2 Capital, whether on a solo or consolidated basis; 
“Certificates” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1;
“Code” means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986;
“Conditions” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions;
“Couponholders” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions;
“Coupons” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions;
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any period 
of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not constituting 
an Interest Period, the “Calculation Period”):
(i)
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual – ISDA” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the 
sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365);
(ii)
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 365;
(iii)
if “Actual/365 (Sterling) is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366;

--- Page 146 ---
139
(iv)
if “Actual/360” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360;
(v)
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction = 
[./0×(234 25)]8[.0×(934 95)]8(34 5)
./0
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 
30;
(vi)
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction = 
[./0×(234 25)]8[.0×(934 95)]8(34 5)
./0
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30;
(vii)
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction = 
[./0×(234 25)]8[.0×(934 95)]8(34 5)
./0
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 147 ---
140
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the 
last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such 
number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and
(viii)
if “Actual/Actual – ICMA” is specified hereon, (a) if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than 
the Determination Period during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year; and (b) if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination 
Period, the sum of: (x) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and 
(2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and (y) the number of days in 
such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in 
any year where:
“Determination Date” means each date specified hereon or, if none is so specified, each Interest Payment 
Date; and
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year to but 
excluding the next Determination Date;
“EEA regulated market” means a market as defined by Article 4.1(21) of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments, as amended;
“English Law Note” means any Note where “English Law Note” is specified hereon as being applicable;
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of Member States of the European Union that adopt the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended;
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given to it in the Trust Deed;
“First Margin” means the margin specified hereon;
“First Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the First Resettable Note Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the Second Resettable Note Reset Date or, if no such Second Resettable Note Reset Date is specified 
hereon, the Maturity Date;
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means, subject to Condition 4(b)(ii), the rate of interest determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date corresponding to the First Reset Period as the sum 
of the relevant Reset Rate plus the First Margin (with such sum converted (if necessary) from a basis equivalent 
to the Benchmark Duration to a basis equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are 
payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (such calculation to be made by the Calculation Agent));
“First Resettable Note Reset Date” means the date specified hereon;

--- Page 148 ---
141
“Group” means the Issuer together with each entity within the prudential consolidation of the Issuer (as that 
term or its successor is used in the Applicable Regulatory Capital Requirements);
“holder” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1;
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an independent 
financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by and at the expense of the Issuer under Condition 
4(i)(i);
“Initial Rate of Interest” means the initial rate of interest per annum specified hereon;
“Interest Amount” means:
(i)
in respect of an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that Interest 
Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, and unless otherwise specified hereon, shall mean 
the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified hereon as being payable on the Interest Payment 
Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest Period forms part; and
(ii)
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that period;
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified hereon;
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Period, the date specified 
as such hereon or, if none is so specified:
(i)
unless the Reference Rate in respect of the Notes is specified hereon as being “SONIA” or “SOFR”:
(A)
the first day of such Interest Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling;
(B)
the day falling two Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of 
such Interest Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro; or 
(C)
the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period if the 
Specified Currency is euro;
(ii)
if the Reference Rate in respect of the Notes is specified hereon as being “SONIA”, the date which is 
“p” London Business Days prior to each Interest Payment Date; and
(iii)
if the Reference Rate in respect of the Notes is specified hereon as being “SOFR”, the date which is “p” 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to each Interest Payment Date;
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and ending 
on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date unless 
otherwise specified hereon;
“Irish Law Note” means any Note where “Irish Law Note” is specified hereon as being applicable;
“Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers” means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, 
suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any 
laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in Ireland, relating to (i) Directive 2014/59/EU (“BRRD”) 
and/or Irish legislation transposing BRRD into Irish law, in each case as amended or replaced from time to time 
and (ii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of the Issuer 
(or any affiliate of the Issuer) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities or 
other obligations of the Issuer or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period);

--- Page 149 ---
142
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc., unless otherwise specified hereon;
“Issue Date” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions;
“Issuing and Paying Agent” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions;
“Mid-Market Swap Rate” means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for the fixed leg 
payable with a frequency equivalent to the Fixed Leg Swap Duration specified hereon during the relevant Reset 
Period (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified 
Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant 
Resettable Note Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a 
floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified 
hereon) (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as 
determined by the Calculation Agent);
“Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation” means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate;
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” means, where the Specified Currency is euro, EURIBOR;
“Mid-Swap Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 4(b)(ii) below, 
either:
(i)
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified hereon, the rate for swaps in the Specified Currency:
(A)
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and
(B)
commencing on the relevant Resettable Note Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or
(ii)
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified hereon, the arithmetic mean (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards) 
of the bid and offered swap rate quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency:
(A)
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and
(B)
commencing on the relevant Resettable Note Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page,
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on such 
Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent;
“Noteholder” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1;
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes;
“Paying Agents” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions;
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note and that is either 
specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions hereon;

--- Page 150 ---
143
“Rating Agency” means each of S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Moody’s Investors Service Limited or 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and each of their respective affiliates or successors;
“Record Date” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(b)(ii);
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four 
major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, selected by the Issuer in consultation with the Calculation 
Agent or as specified hereon;
“Reference Bond” means for any Reset Period, a government security or securities issued by the state 
responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is euro, shall be Germany) 
selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute as having an actual or 
interpolated maturity comparable with the relevant Reset Period that would be utilised, at the time of selection 
and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities 
denominated in the same currency as the Notes and of a comparable maturity to the relevant Reset Period;
“Reference Bond Price” means, with respect to any Reset Determination Date, (A) the arithmetic average of 
the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such Reset Determination Date, after excluding the 
highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (B) if the Calculation Agent obtains 
fewer than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such 
quotations. If no quotations are provided, the Reference Rate will be determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
sole discretion following consultation with the Issuer;
“Reference Bond Rate” means the annual yield to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant 
day count basis) of the relevant Reference Bond, assuming a price for such Reference Bond (expressed as a 
percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the relevant Reference Bond Price, as calculated by the Calculation 
Agent;
“Reference Government Bond Dealer” means each of five banks (selected by the Issuer on the advice of an 
investment bank of international repute), or their affiliates, which are (A) primary government securities 
dealers, and their respective successors, or (B) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues;
“Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each Reference Government Bond 
Dealer and the relevant Reset Determination Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the relevant Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of 
its nominal amount) at or around the Subsequent Reset Rate Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date 
quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer;
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such hereon; 
“Register” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1;
“Registered Notes” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1;
“Registrar” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions;
“Relevant Amounts” means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with any accrued but unpaid 
interest and additional amounts and any other amounts due on or in respect of the Notes. References to such 
amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, prior to the 
exercise of any Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority;
“Relevant Date” in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date on which payment in respect thereof first 
becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which 
payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date on which notice is duly given to the

--- Page 151 ---
144
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 that, upon further presentation of the Note (or relative Certificate) 
or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment 
is in fact made upon such presentation;
“Relevant Fallback Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified hereon (or any successor or replacement page, section, caption, column 
or other part of a particular information service);
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):
(i)
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or
(ii)
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of 
(a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof;
“Relevant Regulator” means the European Central Bank and/or such successor or other authority having for the 
time being primary supervisory authority and/or responsibility with regards to prudential, conduct and/or 
resolution matters in respect of the Issuer and/or its group (being, as at the Issue Date, the Single Resolution 
Board), as may be relevant in the context and circumstances; 
“Relevant Resolution Authority” means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any Irish Statutory 
Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer (being, as at the Issue Date, the Single Resolution Board);
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information 
service as may be specified hereon (or any successor or replacement page, section, caption, column or other 
part of a particular information service);
“Reset Determination Date” means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business Day prior to the 
First Resettable Note Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second Business Day prior 
to the Second Resettable Note Reset Date and, in respect of each Reset Period thereafter, the second Business 
Day prior to the first day of each such Reset Period;
“Reset Period” means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period;
“Reset Rate” means (a) the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as specified hereon or (b) if “Reference Bond” is specified 
hereon, the relevant Reference Bond Rate;
“Resettable Note Reset Date” means the First Resettable Note Reset Date, the Second Resettable Note Reset 
Date and every Subsequent Resettable Note Reset Date as may be specified hereon;
“Second Resettable Note Reset Date” means the date specified hereon;
“Senior Creditors” means (a) unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer and (b) creditors of the Issuer whose claims 
are, or are expressed to be, subordinated to the claims of other creditors of the Issuer (other than those whose 
claims are in respect of obligations which constitute, or would but for any applicable limitation on the amount 
of such capital, constitute, Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital or whose claims rank or are expressed to rank pari 
passu with, or junior to, the claims of holders in respect of the Notes);
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such hereon or, if none is specified, the currency in which 
the Notes are denominated;

--- Page 152 ---
145
“Subsequent Margin” means the margin(s) specified hereon;
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the Second Resettable Note Reset Date to 
(but excluding) the next Resettable Note Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) a 
Resettable Note Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Resettable Note Reset Date;
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and subject to Condition 
4(b)(ii), the rate of interest being determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date 
corresponding to such Subsequent Reset Period as the sum of the relevant Reset Rate plus the applicable 
Subsequent Margin (with such sum converted (if necessary) from a basis equivalent to the Benchmark Duration 
to a basis equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes during 
the relevant Reset Period (such calculation to be made by the Calculation Agent));
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body;
“Supervisory Permission” means, in relation to any action, such notice, supervisory permission (and/or, as 
appropriate, consent, approval or waiver) as is required therefor under the Applicable Regulatory Capital 
Requirements (if any);
“Talons” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions;
“TARGET Business Day” means a day on which the TARGET System is operating;
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
(known as TARGET2) System which was launched on 19 November 2007 or any successor thereto;
“Tax Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(b);
“Tier 1 Capital” and “Tier 2 Capital” have the respective meanings given in the Applicable Regulatory Capital 
Requirements from time to time;
“Tier 2 Compliant Notes” means securities that comply with the following (which compliance has been certified 
to the Trustee in a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer and delivered to the Trustee 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation):
(A)
are issued by the Issuer or any wholly-owned direct or indirect subsidiary of the Issuer with a 
subordinated guarantee of such obligations by the Issuer; 
(B)
rank (or, if guaranteed by the Issuer, benefit from a guarantee that ranks) at least equally with the ranking 
of the relevant Notes;
(C)
have terms not materially less favourable to Noteholders than the terms of the relevant Notes (as 
reasonably determined by the Issuer in consultation with an independent adviser of recognised standing);
(D)
(without prejudice to (C) above) (1) contain terms such that they comply with the Applicable Regulatory 
Capital Requirements in relation to Tier 2 Capital; (2) bear the same rate of interest from time to time 
applying to the relevant Notes and preserve the same Interest Payment Dates; (3) do not contain terms 
providing for mandatory deferral of payments of interest and/or principal; (4) preserve the obligations 
(including the obligations arising from the exercise of any right) of the Issuer as to redemption of the 
relevant Notes, including (without limitation) as to timing of, and amounts payable upon, such 
redemption; (5) do not contain terms providing for loss absorption through principal write-down or 
conversion to ordinary shares (but without prejudice to any acknowledgement of statutory resolution 
powers substantially similar to Condition 15(c)); and (6) preserve any existing rights to any accrued and

--- Page 153 ---
146
unpaid interest and any other amounts payable under the relevant Notes which has accrued to 
Noteholders and not been paid;
(E)
are listed on the same stock exchange or market as the relevant Notes or the regulated market of the
London Stock Exchange or an EEA regulated market selected by the Issuer and approved in writing by 
the Trustee; and
(F)
where the relevant Notes which have been substituted or varied had a published rating solicited by the 
Issuer from one or more Rating Agencies immediately prior to their substitution or variation, benefit 
from (or will, as announced by each such Rating Agency, benefit from) an equal or higher published 
rating from each such Rating Agency as that which applied to the relevant Notes;
“Transfer Agents” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions;
“Trust Deed” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions;
“Trustee” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions; and
“Winding-Up” means:
(i)
an order is made, or an effective resolution is passed, for the winding-up of the Issuer (except, in any 
such case, a winding-up solely for the purpose of, and followed by, a reconstruction, amalgamation, 
reorganisation, merger or consolidation, the terms of which have previously been approved in writing 
by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution and do not provide that the Notes thereby become 
redeemable or repayable in accordance with these Conditions); or
(ii)
liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer or any procedure similar to that described in paragraph (i) above.

--- Page 154 ---
147
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM
1
Initial Issue of Notes
If the Global Notes or the Global Certificates are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in new global 
note (“NGN”) form or to be held under the new safekeeping structure (the “NSS”) (as the case may be), the 
Global Notes or the Global Certificates will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to 
the common safekeeper appointed by Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking, SA
(“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) in respect of such notes (the “Common Safekeeper”). Depositing the Global 
Notes or the Global Certificates with the Common Safekeeper does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.
Global Notes which are not issued in NGN form (each a “CGN” and together, the “CGNs”) and Global 
Certificates which are not held under the NSS may be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the 
Tranche to a common depositary (the “Common Depositary”) for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.
If the Global Note is a CGN, upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with the Common Depositary, or 
registration of the Registered Notes in the name of any nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and delivery of the relative Global Certificate to the Common Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will credit each subscriber with a principal amount of Notes equal to the principal amount thereof 
for which it has subscribed and paid. If the Global Note is an NGN, the nominal amount of the Notes shall be 
the aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
records of such clearing system shall be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount of Notes represented by 
the Global Note and a statement issued by such clearing system at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the 
records of the relevant clearing system at that time.
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary may also be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect 
accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, Notes 
that are initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing systems.
2
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other permitted 
clearing system (the “Alternative Clearing System”) as the holder of a Note represented by a Global Note or a 
Global Certificate must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any such Alternative Clearing 
System (as the case may be) for his share of each payment made by AIB to the bearer of such Global Note or 
the holder of the underlying Registered Notes, as the case may be, and in relation to all other rights arising 
under the Global Notes or Global Certificates, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and 
procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be). 
Such persons shall have no claim directly against AIB in respect of payments due on the Notes for so long as 
the Notes are represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate and such obligations of AIB will be 
discharged by payment to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the underlying Registered Notes, as 
the case may be, in respect of each amount so paid.

--- Page 155 ---
148
3
Exchange
3.1
Temporary Global Notes
Each temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange 
Date:
(i)
if the relevant Final Terms indicate that such Global Note is issued in compliance with the C 
Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable, in whole, but not in part, for the 
Definitive Notes defined and described below; and
(ii)
otherwise, in whole or in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form 
set out in the Agency Agreement for interests in a permanent Global Note or, if so provided in 
the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes.
3.2
Permanent Global Notes
Each permanent Global Note is exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange Date 
in whole but not, except as provided under paragraph 3.4 below, in part for Definitive Notes if the 
permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative 
Clearing System and any such clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days 
(other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease 
business or in fact does so.
In the event that a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Definitive Notes shall be issued 
in Specified Denomination(s) only. A Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination will not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding and would need to 
purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one or more Specified 
Denominations.
3.3
Permanent Global Certificates
If the Final Terms state that the Notes are to be represented by a permanent Global Certificate on issue, 
the following will apply in respect of transfers of Notes held in Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or an Alternative Clearing System. These provisions will not prevent the trading of interests in the Notes 
within a clearing system whilst they are held on behalf of such clearing system, but will limit the 
circumstances in which the Notes may be withdrawn from the relevant clearing system.
Transfers of the holding of Notes represented by any Global Certificate pursuant to Condition 2(b) may 
only be made in part:
(i)
if the relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other 
than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to 
cease business or does in fact do so; or
(ii)
with the consent of the Issuer,
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to paragraph 3.3(i) above, the 
Registered Holder has given the Registrar not less than 30 days’ notice at its specified office of the 
Registered Holder’s intention to effect such transfer.

--- Page 156 ---
149
3.4
Delivery of Notes
If the Global Note is a CGN, on or after any Exchange Date (as defined below) the holder of a Global 
Note may surrender such Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to 
or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent. In exchange for any Global Note, or the part thereof to 
be exchanged, AIB will (i) in the case of a temporary Global Note exchangeable for a permanent Global 
Note, deliver, or procure the delivery of, a permanent Global Note in an aggregate nominal amount equal 
to that of the whole or that part of a temporary Global Note that is being exchanged or, in the case of a 
subsequent exchange, endorse, or procure the endorsement of, a permanent Global Note to reflect such 
exchange or (ii) in the case of a Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes, deliver, or procure the 
delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Notes or 
if the Global Note is an NGN, AIB will procure that details of such exchange be entered pro rata in the 
records of the relevant clearing system. 
“Definitive Notes” means, in relation to any Global Note, the definitive Bearer Notes for which such 
Global Note may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons in respect of interest 
which have not already been paid on the Global Note and a Talon). Definitive Notes will be security 
printed in accordance with any applicable legal and stock exchange requirements in or substantially in 
the form set out in Part A of Schedule 2 to the Trust Deed. On exchange in full of each permanent Global 
Note, AIB will, if the holder so requests, procure that it is cancelled and returned to the holder together 
with the relevant Definitive Notes.
3.5
Exchange Date
“Exchange Date” in relation to a temporary Global Note, the day falling after the expiry of 40 days after 
its issue date and, in relation to a permanent Global Note, a day falling not less than 60 days after that 
on which the notice requiring exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the city in 
which the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent is located and in the city in which the relevant 
clearing system is located.
4
Amendment to Conditions
The temporary Global Notes, permanent Global Notes and Global Certificates contain provisions that apply to 
the Notes that they represent, some of which modify the effect of the terms and conditions of the Notes set out 
in this Base Prospectus. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions:
4.1
Payments
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global Note unless exchange for 
an interest in a permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments on any temporary Global Note issued in compliance with the D Rules before the Exchange 
Date will only be made against presentation of certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the 
form set out in the Agency Agreement. All payments in respect of CGNs represented by a Global Note 
will be made against presentation for endorsement and, if no further payment falls to be made in respect 
of the Notes, surrender of that Global Note to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent or such 
other Paying Agent as shall have been notified to the Noteholders for such purpose. If the Global Note 
is a CGN, a record of each payment so made will be endorsed in the appropriate schedule to each Global 
Note, which endorsement will be prima facie evidence that such payment has been made in respect of 
the Notes. If the Global Note is an NGN or if the Global Certificate is held under the NSS, AIB shall

--- Page 157 ---
150
procure that details of each such payment shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing 
system and in the case of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in the records 
of the relevant clearing system and represented by the Global Note or the Global Certificate will be 
reduced accordingly. Payments under an NGN will be made to its holder. Each payment so made will 
discharge AIB’s obligations in respect thereof. Any failure to make the entries in the records of the 
relevant clearing system shall not affect such discharge. For the purpose of any payments made in respect 
of a Global Note, the relevant place of presentation shall be disregarded in the definition of “business 
day” set out in Condition 6(h).
All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Certificate will be made to, or to the order of, 
the person whose name is entered on the Register at the close of business on the record date which shall 
be on the Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to the date for payment, where Clearing 
System Business Day means Monday to Friday inclusive except 25 December and 1 January.
So long as the Notes are represented by a Global Note or Global Certificate and the Global Note or 
Global Certificate is held on behalf of a clearing system, the Issuer has undertaken, inter alia, to pay 
interest in respect of such Notes from the Interest Commencement Date in arrear at the rates, on the dates 
for payment, and in accordance with the method of calculation provided for in the Conditions, save that 
the calculation is made in respect of the total aggregate amount of the Notes represented by the Global 
Note or Global Certificate.
4.2
Prescription
Claims against AIB in respect of Notes which are represented by a permanent Global Note will become 
void unless it is presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five 
years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 16).
4.3
Meetings
The holder of a permanent Global Note or of the Notes represented by a Global Certificate shall (unless 
such permanent Global Note or Global Certificate represents only one Note) be treated as being two 
persons for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of Noteholders and, at any such 
meeting, the holder of a permanent Global Note shall be treated as having one vote in respect of each 
integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of Notes for which such Global Note may be exchanged. 
(All holders of Registered Notes are entitled to one vote in respect of each integral currency unit of the 
Specified Currency of the Notes comprising such Noteholder’s holding, whether or not represented by 
a Global Certificate.)
4.4
Cancellation
Cancellation of any Note represented by a permanent Global Note that is required by the Conditions to 
be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the principal amount of 
the relevant permanent Global Note.
4.5
Purchase
Notes represented by a permanent Global Note may only be purchased by AIB or any of its subsidiaries 
if they are purchased together with the rights to receive all future payments of interest thereon.

--- Page 158 ---
151
4.6
AIB’s Option
Any option of AIB provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are represented by a 
permanent Global Note shall be exercised by AIB giving notice to the Noteholders within the time limits 
set out in and containing the information required by the Conditions, except that the notice shall not be 
required to contain the serial numbers of Notes drawn in the case of a partial exercise of an option and 
accordingly no drawing of Notes will be required. In the event that any option of AIB is exercised in 
respect of some but not all of the Notes of any series, the rights of accountholders with a clearing system 
in respect of the Notes will be governed by the standard procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool 
factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) or any other Alternative Clearing System 
(as the case may be).
4.7
Noteholders’ Option
Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a permanent Global Note may be exercised by the holder of the permanent Global Note 
giving notice to the Issuing and Paying Agent within the time limits relating to the deposit of Notes with 
a Paying Agent set out in the Conditions substantially in the form of the notice available from any Paying 
Agent, except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of the Notes in respect 
of which the option has been exercised, stating the nominal amount of Notes in respect of which the 
option is exercised and at the same time, where the permanent Global Note is a CGN, presenting such 
permanent Global Note to the Issuing and Paying Agent, or to a Paying Agent acting on behalf of the 
Fiscal Agent, for notation. Where the Global Note is an NGN or where the Global Certificate is held 
under the NSS, AIB shall procure that details of such exercise shall be entered pro rata in the records of 
the relevant clearing system and the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in those records will be 
reduced accordingly.
4.8
NGN Nominal Amount
Where the Global Note is an NGN, AIB shall procure that any exchange, payment, cancellation, exercise 
of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, in addition to the circumstances set out 
above shall be entered in the records of the relevant clearing systems and upon any such entry being 
made, in respect of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global 
Note shall be adjusted accordingly.
4.9
Trustee’s Powers
In considering the interests of Noteholders while any Global Note is held on behalf of, or Registered 
Notes are registered in the name of any nominee for, a clearing system, the Trustee may have regard to 
any information provided to it by such clearing system or its operator as to the identity (either 
individually or by category) of its accountholders with entitlements to such Global Note or Registered 
Notes and may consider such interests as if such accountholders were the holders of the Notes 
represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate.
4.10
Notices
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note and such Global Note is held on behalf of a 
clearing system, notices to the holders of Notes of that Series may be given by delivery of the relevant 
notice to that clearing system for communication by it to entitled accountholders in substitution for

--- Page 159 ---
152
publication as required by the Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to the holder of the Global 
Note.
5
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution
While any Global Note is held on behalf of, or any Global Certificate is registered in the name of any nominee 
for, a clearing system, then:
(a)
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer given by way of electronic consents communicated 
through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with 
their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal 
amount of the Notes outstanding (an “Electronic Consent” as defined in the Trust Deed) shall, for all 
purposes (including matters that would otherwise require an Extraordinary Resolution to be passed at a
meeting for which the Special Quorum was satisfied), take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution passed 
at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, and shall be binding on all Noteholders and holders 
of Coupons and Talons whether or not they participated in such Electronic Consent; and 
(b)
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written 
Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) has been validly passed, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on 
consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer by (a) accountholders in the clearing system 
with entitlements to such Global Note or Global Certificate and/or, where (b) the accountholders hold 
any such entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent from or written instruction by the 
person identified by that accountholder as the person for whom such entitlement is held. For the purpose 
of establishing the entitlement to give any such consent or instruction, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely 
on any certificate or other document issued by, in the case of (a) above, Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other relevant alternative clearing system (the “relevant clearing system”) and, in 
the case of (b) above, the relevant clearing system and the accountholder identified by the relevant 
clearing system for the purposes of (b) above. Any resolution passed in such manner shall be binding on 
all Noteholders and Couponholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be defective. 
Any such certificate or other document may comprise any form of statement or print out of electronic 
records provided by the relevant clearing system (including Euroclear’s EUCLID or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg’s CreationOnline system) in accordance with its usual procedures and in which the 
accountholder of a particular principal or nominal amount of the Notes is clearly identified together with 
the amount of such holding. The Issuer shall not be liable to any person by reason of having accepted as 
valid or not having rejected any certificate or other document to such effect purporting to be issued by 
any such person and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic.

--- Page 160 ---
153
USE OF PROCEEDS
An amount equal to the net proceeds from the issue of any Tranche of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for 
the general funding purposes of the Issuer. If in respect of a particular Tranche of Notes, there is a particular 
identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer may, in particular, issue 
Notes (including Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes) as Green Bonds or Social Bonds (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) and in the case of such Notes, an amount equal to the net proceeds from the issue of 
any Tranche of Notes will (subject as set out below) be allocated to an Eligible Green Project Portfolio or 
Eligible Social Project Portfolio (each an “Eligible Project Portfolio”), as applicable, (as defined in either 
“Green Bond Framework Overview” or “Social Bond Framework Overview”) below and selected in accordance 
with the criteria set out in “Green Bond Framework Overview—Use of Proceeds” and “—Process for Project 
Evaluation and Selection” in the case of Green Bonds and “Social Bond Framework Overview—Use of 
Proceeds” and “—Process for Project Evaluation and Selection” in the case of Social Bonds).
Whilst any portion of an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Tranche of Green Bonds or Social Bonds
remains unallocated, the Group will hold and/or invest, at its own discretion, in its treasury liquidity portfolio, 
in cash or other liquid instruments, the balance of an amount equal to the net proceeds not yet allocated to the 
relevant Eligible Project Portfolio.

--- Page 161 ---
154
GREEN BOND FRAMEWORK OVERVIEW
As a bank, the Group believes that it has a meaningful contribution to make in addressing many pressing current 
and emerging societal issues, and a strategic priority for the Group is to lead Ireland’s response to climate 
change. Aligned with this strategy, the Group has established a Green Bond framework (the “Green Bond 
Framework”). 
The Green Bond Framework sets out how the Group proposes to use an amount equal to the net proceeds of 
Green Bonds in a manner consistent with its sustainable values. The objective of the Green Bonds issued by the 
Issuer will be to fund projects or assets that mitigate climate change by reducing emissions, protecting 
ecosystems or otherwise creating a positive environmental impact.
The Green Bond Framework adheres to the Green Bond Principles, a set of voluntary guidelines that 
recommend transparency and disclosure and promote integrity in the market by clarifying the approach for 
issuing a green bond (the “Green Bond Principles”). 
Use of Proceeds
AIB, at its discretion but in accordance with the Green Bond Principles, will allocate an amount equal to the 
net proceeds of the Green Bonds to an eligible loan portfolio of new and existing green loans (the “Eligible 
Green Project Portfolio”). The eligible loans are to be funded in whole or in part by an allocation of an amount 
equal to the net proceeds of the Green Bonds. 
Eligible use of proceeds categories include: 

Loans to finance or refinance new or existing environmentally-sustainable commercial buildings 
in Ireland and/or the UK;

Loans to finance or refinance new or existing environmentally-sustainable residential buildings 
in Ireland; 

Loans to finance or refinance equipment, development, manufacturing, construction, operation, 
distribution and maintenance of renewable energy generation and storage (i.e. battery storage) in 
Ireland, the UK and across the EU; and

Loans to finance or refinance zero emissions (including fully electric or hydrogen) vehicles for 
the transportation of passengers and supporting infrastructure including, but not limited to, EV 
charging and hydrogen fuelling stations.
Process for Project Evaluation and Selection
The Group’s Green Bond Framework is prepared with due care and attention and on a best effort basis by a 
cross functional working group of relevant business areas (the “ESGWorking Group”). The loans to be financed 
and/or refinanced through the proceeds of any Green Bond will be evaluated and selected for inclusion in the 
eligible pool by the Group’s employees based on compliance with the eligibility criteria described in “—Use of 
Proceeds”. The Group has also published a defined list of “excluded activities”. When assessing prospective 
eligible projects and their non-financial impacts, the Group may rely on analysis provided by external parties, 
in addition to its own assessment. 
Management of Proceeds
The Group intends to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds from the Green Bonds to an Eligible Green 
Project Portfolio, selected in accordance with the criteria set out in “—Use of Proceeds” and “—Process for 
Project Evaluation and Selection” above.

--- Page 162 ---
155
The Group will strive, over time, to achieve a level of allocation for the Eligible Green Project Portfolio which, 
after adjustments for intervening circumstances including, but not limited to, sales and repayments, matches the 
balance of net proceeds from its outstanding Green Bonds. Additional eligible green projects will be added to 
the Eligible Green Project Portfolio to the extent required to ensure that the net proceeds from outstanding 
Green Bonds will be allocated to eligible green projects.
Whilst any portion of an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Tranche of Green Bonds remains unallocated, 
the Group will hold and/or invest, at its own discretion, in its treasury liquidity portfolio, in cash or other liquid 
instruments, the balance of an amount equal to the net proceeds not yet allocated to the Eligible Green Project 
Portfolio.
Reporting
The Group will make and keep readily available reporting on the allocation of an amount equal to the net 
proceeds to the Eligible Green Project Portfolio and wherever feasible reporting on the impact of the Eligible
Green Project Portfolio annually until maturity of the instruments. The Group intends to provide aggregated 
reporting for all of its Green Bonds and other potential green financings outstanding, which may include reports 
on the allocation and impact of the Eligible Green Project Portfolio.
External Review
Sustainalytics, a provider of environmental, social and governance research and analysis, has evaluated the 
Group’s Green Bond Framework and its alignment with relevant industry standards and has provided views on 
the robustness and credibility of the Green Bond Framework within the meaning of the Green Bond Principles, 
in its “Second Party Opinion”, which views are intended to inform investors in general, and not for a specific 
investor. The Sustainalytics Second Party Opinion, as well as the Green Bond Framework, are available at 
https://aib.ie/sustainability and https://aib.ie/investorrelations/debt-investor/green-bonds. For the avoidance of 
doubt, the Second Party Opinion and the Green Bond Framework are not incorporated into, and do not form 
part of, this Base Prospectus.
Additionally, the Group may request on an annual basis, starting one year after issuance and until maturity, a 
limited assurance report of the allocation of the Green Bond proceeds to eligible assets, provided by an external 
auditor. 
None of the Dealers shall be responsible for (i) any assessment of the Eligible Green Project Portfolio, (ii) any 
verification of whether the Eligible Green Project Portfolio falls within an investor's requirements or 
expectations of a “green” or “sustainable” or equivalently-labelled project or (iii) the ongoing monitoring of the 
use of proceeds in respect of any such Notes.

--- Page 163 ---
156
SOCIAL BOND FRAMEWORK OVERVIEW
The Social Bond Framework sets out how the Group proposes to use an amount equal to the net proceeds of 
Social Bonds in a manner consistent with its sustainable values. The objective of the Social Bonds issued by 
the Issuer will be to fund projects or assets that provide positive societal impact and/or mitigate social problems. 
The Social Bond Framework adheres to the Social Bond Principles, a set of voluntary guidelines that 
recommend transparency and promote integrity in the development of the sustainable market by clarifying the 
approach for issuing a social bond (the “Social Bond Principles”). 
Use of Proceeds
AIB, at its discretion but in accordance with the Social Bond Principles, will allocate an amount equal to the 
net proceeds of the Social Bonds to an eligible loan portfolio of new and existing social loans (the “Eligible 
Social Project Portfolio”). The eligible loans are to be funded in whole or in part by an allocation of an amount 
equal to the net proceeds of the Social Bonds.
Eligible use of proceeds categories include:

Access to healthcare, including healthcare facilities, residential care facilities and “pure-play” 
companies in healthcare;

Access to education, including education facilities, student housing and “pure-play” companies in 
education;

Social and affordable financing, including affordable housing organisations and mortgage to rent 
schemes;

SMEs financing, including financing SMEs in socio-economically disadvantaged areas and SMEs 
owned by women; and

Support to charities, non-profit organisations, associations, and foundations.
Process for Project Evaluation and Selection
The Group’s Social Bond Framework is prepared with due care and attention and on a best effort basis by the 
ESG Working Group. The loans to be financed and/or refinanced through the proceeds of any Social Bond will 
be evaluated and selected for inclusion in the eligible pool by the Group’s employees based on compliance with 
the eligibility criteria described in “—Use of Proceeds”. The Group has also published a defined list of 
“excluded activities”. When assessing prospective eligible projects and their non-financial impacts, the Group 
may rely on analysis provided by external parties, in addition to its own assessment. 
Management of Proceeds
The Group intends to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds from the Social Bonds to an Eligible Social
Project Portfolio, selected in accordance with the criteria set out in “—Use of Proceeds” and “—Process for 
Project Evaluation and Selection” above.
The Group will strive, over time, to achieve a level of allocation for the Eligible Social Project Portfolio which, 
after adjustments for intervening circumstances including, but not limited to, sales and repayments, matches the 
balance of net proceeds from its outstanding Social Bonds. Additional eligible social projects will be added to 
the Eligible Social Project Portfolio to the extent required to ensure that the net proceeds from outstanding 
Social Bonds will be allocated to eligible social projects.

--- Page 164 ---
157
Whilst any portion of an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Tranche of Social Bonds remains unallocated, 
the Group will hold and/or invest, at its own discretion, in its treasury liquidity portfolio, in cash or other liquid 
instruments, the balance of an amount equal to the net proceeds not yet allocated to the Eligible Social Project 
Portfolio.
Reporting
The Group will make and keep readily available reporting on the allocation of an amount equal to the net 
proceeds to the Eligible Social Project Portfolio and wherever feasible reporting on the impact of the Eligible 
Social Project Portfolio after a year from the issuance of the first applicable Social Bond annually until maturity 
of the instruments. The Group intends to provide aggregated reporting for all of its Social Bonds and other 
potential social financings outstanding, which may include reports on the allocation and impact of the Eligible 
Social Project Portfolio.
External Review
ISS ESG, an expert environmental, social and governance research and analysis provider, has evaluated the 
Group’s Social Bond Framework and its alignment with relevant industry standards and has provided views on 
the robustness and credibility of the Social Bond Framework within the meaning of the Social Bond Principles, 
in its “Second Party Opinion”, which views are intended to inform investors in general, and not for a specific 
investor. The ISS ESG Second Party Opinion, as well as the Social Bond Framework, are available at 
https://aib.ie/sustainability and https://aib.ie/investorrelations/debt-investor/social-bond-framework. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Second Party Opinion and the Social Bond Framework are not incorporated into, and 
do not form part of, this Base Prospectus.
Additionally, the Group may request on an annual basis, starting one year after issuance and until maturity, a 
limited assurance report of the allocation of the Social Bond proceeds to eligible assets, provided by an external 
auditor. 
None of the Dealers shall be responsible for (i) any assessment of the Eligible Social Project Portfolio, (ii) any 
verification of whether the Eligible Social Project Portfolio falls within an investor's requirements or 
expectations of a “social” or equivalently-labelled project or (iii) the ongoing monitoring of the use of proceeds 
in respect of any such Notes.

--- Page 165 ---
158
AIB GROUP PLC AND THE GROUP
Overview 
The Issuer is a public limited company incorporated in Ireland on 8 December 2016 under the Companies Act 
2014, with registration number 594283. The Group is a financial services group operating predominantly in 
Ireland and the United Kingdom. The Group provides a range of services to retail, business and corporate 
customers, with market-leading positions across key segments. AIB is the principal brand of the Group across 
all geographies in which it operates. In Ireland, EBS is a challenger brand and Haven is a mortgage broker 
channel. Both EBS and Haven are subsidiaries of the Group. 
The Group offers a full suite of products for retail customers, including mortgages, personal loans, credit cards, 
current accounts, insurance, pensions, financial planning, investments, savings and deposits. Its products for 
business and corporate customers include finance and loans, business current accounts, deposits, foreign 
exchange and interest rate risk management products, trade finance products, invoice discounting, leasing, 
credit cards, merchant services, payments and corporate finance.
The Group’s performance is managed and reported across Retail Banking, AIB Capital Markets (“Capital 
Markets”), AIB UK and Group segments. 
Retail Banking
Retail Banking comprises Homes & Consumer, SME and Financial Solutions Group (FSG) in a single 
integrated segment, focused on meeting the current, emerging and future needs of the Group’s personal and 
SME customers. 

Homes & Consumer is responsible for meeting the homes needs of customers in Ireland across the 
AIB, EBS and Haven brands and delivering innovative and differentiated products, propositions 
and services to meet customers’ everyday banking needs through an extensive range of physical 
and digital channels. The Group’s purpose is to achieve a seamless, transparent and simple 
customer experience in all of the Group’s propositions across current accounts, personal lending, 
payments and credit cards, deposits, insurance and wealth to maintain and grow the Group’s market 
leading position.

SME provides financial services to micro and small SMEs through the Group’s sector-led strategy 
and local expertise with an extensive product and proposition offering across a number of channels. 
The Group’s purpose is to help the Group’s customers create and build sustainable businesses in 
their communities.

FSG is a dedicated workout unit to which the Group has migrated the management of the majority 
of its NPEs, with the objective of delivering the Group’s strategy to reduce NPEs.
Capital Markets
Capital Markets provides institutional, corporate and business banking services to the Group’s larger customers 
and customers requiring specific sector or product expertise. Capital Markets’ relationship driven model serves 
customers through sector specialist teams including: Corporate Banking, Real Estate Finance, Business 
Banking and Energy, Climate Action & Infrastructure. In addition to traditional credit products, Capital Markets
offers customers foreign exchange and interest rate risk management products, cash management products, 
trade finance, mezzanine finance, structured and specialist finance, equity investments and corporate finance 
advisory services, as well as Private Banking services and advice. Capital Markets also has syndicated and 
international finance teams based in Dublin and in New York. In 2021 Goodbody became part of Capital

--- Page 166 ---
159
Markets, bringing additional capability in wealth management, corporate finance, asset management and wider 
capital markets propositions.
AIB UK 
AIB UK offers corporate, retail and business banking services in two distinct markets, a sector-led corporate 
bank supporting businesses in Great Britain (Allied Irish Bank (GB)), and a retail and business bank in Northern 
Ireland (AIB (NI)). The Group’s revised strategy (Strategy 2023) identified changes to the AIB UK business 
model including the withdrawal from SME lending in Great Britain to refocus on its corporate business, 
particularly in renewables, infrastructure, health and manufacturing and a reduction in branch footprint in 
Northern Ireland.
Group 
The Group segment comprises wholesale treasury activities and Group control and support functions. Treasury 
manages the Group’s liquidity and funding positions and provides customer treasury services and economic 
research. The Group control and support functions include Technology, Operations, Finance, Risk, Legal, 
Corporate Governance & Customer Care, Human Resources, Corporate Affairs, Strategy & Sustainability and 
Group Internal Audit.
History
The Group has a long history of operating in Ireland, with its predecessor organisations having been part of the 
Irish banking sector for almost 200 years. The Group’s origins date back to the amalgamation in 1966 of three 
long-established banks: (i) the Munster and Leinster Bank Limited (established 1885), (ii) the Provincial Bank 
of Ireland Limited (established 1825) and (iii) the Royal Bank of Ireland Limited (established 1836). AIB Bank 
was incorporated as a limited company on 21 September 1966 and was subsequently re-registered as a public 
limited company on 2 January 1985.
In 1991, the Group merged its interests in Northern Ireland with those of TSB Northern Ireland to create First 
Trust Bank. In 1996, the Group’s retail operations in the UK were integrated and the resulting entity was 
renamed AIB Group (UK) p.l.c., with two distinct trading names: Allied Irish Bank (GB) in Great Britain and 
First Trust Bank (which rebranded as AIB (NI) in November 2019) in Northern Ireland. During the 1980s and 
1990s, the Group entered a phase of international expansion in select markets, acquiring businesses in the 
United States and Poland. 
In the context of the global financial crisis beginning in 2008, the Irish Government recognised the need to 
stabilise Irish financial institutions and to create greater certainty for all stakeholders. It implemented a number 
of measures in response to the crisis, including the introduction of the CIFS Scheme and the ELG Scheme and 
the establishment of NAMA, and several capital investments in AIB Bank and EBS during 2009, 2010 and 2011 
amounting to a total of €20.8 billion, which included the National Pensions Reserve Fund Commission making 
a €3.5 billion investment in the Group by way of a subscription for preference shares (the “2009 Preference 
Shares”) on 13 May 2009. Following these investments, the Irish Government owned 99.8 per cent. of the 
ordinary shares in the capital of AIB Bank. The Group was also required to deleverage approximately €20.5 
billion of non-core assets by December 2013. 
AIB Bank’s ordinary shares were delisted from both the Main Securities Market of the Irish Stock Exchange 
(now known as the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin) and the UK Official List and were subsequently 
admitted to the Enterprise Securities Market of the Irish Stock Exchange (now known as Euronext Dublin 
Enterprise Securities Market) (“ESM”) in January 2011. Also in 2011, AIB Bank’s American Depositary Shares 
were delisted and ceased to be traded on the New York Stock Exchange.

--- Page 167 ---
160
Initial Public Offering 
On 30 May 2017, the Irish Government and AIB Bank announced an intention to seek admission of the AIB 
Bank shares to the Official Lists of each of the Irish Stock Exchange (now known as Euronext Dublin) and the 
FCA and to trading on the main markets of the Irish Stock Exchange (now known as Euronext Dublin) and the 
London Stock Exchange and to proceed with a secondary offering of ordinary shares in AIB Bank by the Irish 
Government. Pursuant to this secondary offering in June 2017, the Irish Government sold 780,384,606 ordinary 
shares in AIB Bank to certain institutional and retail investors (the “IPO”), comprising 28.75 per cent. of the 
issued ordinary share capital of AIB Bank. On completion of this sale the Irish Government holding reduced to 
71.12 per cent. Admission to the Official Lists together with admission to trading on the main markets for listed 
securities on the Irish Stock Exchange (now known as Euronext Dublin) and the London Stock Exchange 
commenced on 27 June 2017.
Scheme of Arrangement 
Following High Court of Ireland approval in December 2017, AIB Bank completed a corporate reorganisation 
to effect the SRB’s decision that the preferred resolution strategy for the Group would be a single point of entry 
via a holding company. The Scheme involved the establishment of a new group holding company, AIB Group 
plc. The reorganisation had been approved by shareholders’ meetings in November 2017 and was implemented 
by means of a scheme of arrangement under Chapter 1 of Part 9 of the Irish Companies Act 2014. 
In December 2017, the Scheme became effective and AIB Bank’s shares were cancelled, with one share of the 
Issuer being issued for every AIB Bank share held at such time. On 11 December 2017, the entire issued 
ordinary share capital of AIB Group plc, comprising 2,714,381,237 ordinary shares, was admitted to the Official 
Lists of each of the Irish Stock Exchange (now known as Euronext Dublin) and the FCA and to trading on the 
main markets of the Irish Stock Exchange (now known as Euronext Dublin) and the London Stock Exchange. 
With effect from the time the Scheme became effective, the Issuer has owned 100 per cent. of AIB Bank. As at 
31 December 2021, the Irish Government maintained a 71.12 per cent. shareholding in AIB Group plc (please 
also see Recent Developments – Government Sell-down below).
Board of Directors and Executive Officers
The following is a list of directors and officers of the Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus. The business 
address of each of the directors and officers referred to below is c/o 10 Molesworth Street, Dublin 2, D02 R126. 
The contact telephone number for the Issuer is: +353 (1) 660 0311. 
Name
Title
Jim Pettigrew
Chair and Non-Executive Director
Brendan McDonagh
Deputy Chair and Non-Executive Director
Carolan Lennon
Senior Independent Non-Executive Director
Anik Chaumartin
Non-Executive Director
Donal Galvin
Chief Financial Officer and Executive Director
Basil Geoghegan
Non-Executive Director
Tanya Horgan
Non-Executive Director
Colin Hunt
Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director
Sandy Kinney Pritchard
Non-Executive Director
Elaine MacLean
Non-Executive Director
Andy Maguire
Non-Executive Director

--- Page 168 ---
161
Name
Title
Helen Normoyle 
Non-Executive Director 
Ann O’Brien
Non-Executive Director
Fergal O’Dwyer
Non-Executive Director
Raj Singh
Non-Executive Director
Jan Sijbrand
Non-Executive Director
Ms Carolan Lennon has advised the Board of Directors that she intends to step down as a Director with effect 
from 30 June 2022.
As far as is known to AIB, no potential conflicts of interest exist between any duties to AIB of the persons listed 
under “Board of Directors and Executive Officers” above and their private interests and/or other duties. 
The Board-approved Code of Conduct and Conflicts of Interest Policy for Directors sets out how actual, 
potential or perceived conflicts of interest are to be evaluated, reported and managed to ensure that Directors 
act at all times in the best interests of the Group and its stakeholders. Executive Directors, as employees of the 
Group, are also subject to the Group’s Code of Conduct and Conflicts of Interests Policy for employees.
Executive Committee
Name
Title
Colin Hunt
Chief Executive Officer
CJ Berry
Chief Operating Officer Designate
Cathy Bryce
Managing Director, Capital Markets
Geraldine Casey
Chief People Officer
Fergal Coburn
Chief Technology Officer
Helen Dooley
Group General Counsel
Donal Galvin 
Hilary Gormley 
Chief Financial Officer 
Managing Director, AIB Group (UK) p.l.c. Designate 
Deirdre Hannigan
Chief Risk Officer
Robert Mulhall
Managing Director, AIB Group (UK) p.l.c.
Jim O’Keeffe
Managing Director, Retail Banking
Mary Whitelaw
Director of Corporate Affairs, Strategy and Sustainability
Recent Developments
Government Sell-down
In December 2021, the Minister for Finance announced the planned sell down of a part of the State’s 
shareholding in the Company through a pre-arranged trading plan.

--- Page 169 ---
162
TAXATION
The following is a summary of certain Irish tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposal of Notes. 
It applies to the absolute beneficial owners of Notes (including all amounts payable by the Issuer in respect of 
their Notes). However, it does not apply to certain classes of persons such as dealers in securities. The summary 
is not a comprehensive description of all of the tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to purchase, 
own or dispose of Notes. The summary is based upon Irish laws and the practice of the Revenue Commissioners 
of Ireland, in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus. The summary does not constitute tax or legal advice 
and is of a general nature only. Prospective holders should consult their own tax adviser with respect to the 
applicable tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposal of Notes.
Irish Taxation
Withholding tax
There are two different types of Irish withholding tax relevant to payments on the Notes, namely Irish interest 
withholding tax and Irish encashment tax. However, there are broad exemptions available from these 
withholding taxes, which are described in the following paragraphs. As the Issuer is not a “relevant deposit 
taker” as defined in Section 256 of the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997, Irish deposit interest retention tax 
(“DIRT”) is not applicable to payments of interest made by it.
By way of background, Irish interest withholding tax can apply to interest payments at a rate of 20 per cent., 
unless an exemption is available. This interest withholding tax can also apply to any premium paid on notes (but 
does not apply to any discount on notes). An encashment tax at a rate of 25 per cent. can apply to certain 
categories of listed notes issued by companies.
Listed Notes
Listed Notes are Notes which have been admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin. Payments of interest 
in respect of Listed Notes may be made without any deduction of Irish tax by the Issuer, provided the Listed 
Notes remain quoted on Euronext Dublin and remain held in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.
If Notes are quoted on another “recognised” stock exchange (instead of Euronext Dublin) but remain held in 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the same treatment should apply. Broadly, a “recognised” stock 
exchange is understood to mean a stock exchange in a jurisdiction which is regulated by the appropriate 
regulatory authority of that jurisdiction and has substantially the same level of recognition in that jurisdiction as 
Euronext Dublin has in Ireland. If Notes are held in another “recognised” clearing system (instead of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg), the same treatment should apply. A list of “recognised” clearing systems for 
these purposes is included in Irish tax legislation and this list includes the Depositary Trust Company of New 
York.
Irish encashment tax may apply where a collecting agent in Ireland obtains payment of interest (whether in 
Ireland or elsewhere) on Listed Notes or realises in Ireland any Coupon in respect of Listed Notes. In these 
circumstances, the collecting agent may be required to deduct Irish encashment tax from such interest or 
realisation proceeds at the rate of 25 per cent. An exemption from this Irish encashment tax is available if the 
holder is not tax resident in Ireland and has provided a declaration in the prescribed form to the collecting agent. 
An exemption also applies where the payment is made to a company and that company is beneficially entitled 
to the income and is or will be within the charge to Irish corporation tax in respect of the income. Therefore, 
holders should note that, if they appoint an Irish collecting agent in respect of their Listed Notes, it may result 
in Irish encashment tax being deducted by their collecting agent from payments made in respect of their Listed 
Notes.

--- Page 170 ---
163
Unlisted Notes
The Issuer may issue Notes which are not quoted on Euronext Dublin (or another “recognised” stock exchange). 
Payments in respect of such Notes may be made without any deduction of Irish tax by the Issuer, provided one 
of the following exemptions from each of Irish interest withholding tax and Irish encashment tax is available:
(a)
no Irish interest withholding tax will be deducted by the Issuer on payments in respect of such Notes, if 
one of the following applies:
(i)
the Notes qualify for the “commercial paper” exemption (see below); or
(ii)
interest on the Notes is not “yearly interest” (generally, interest on Notes would not be considered 
to be “yearly interest” if the Notes had a maturity of 364 days or less and there was no intention 
to extend the maturity of the Notes beyond 364 days); and
(b)
no Irish encashment tax will be deducted, provided the Notes are not quoted on any “recognised” stock 
exchange (see above).
Other exemptions from Irish withholding tax may also be available in certain circumstances. For example, an 
exemption is available from Irish interest withholding tax where the holder of Notes is a company resident in an 
EU jurisdiction (other than Ireland) or in a jurisdiction with which Ireland has a double tax treaty, provided a 
number of conditions are satisfied. The terms of a double tax treaty may also provide relief from Irish 
withholding tax.
What is the “commercial paper” exemption?
As described above, one of the exemptions from Irish interest withholding tax is the “commercial paper” 
exemption. Notes will qualify as “commercial paper” if the relevant Notes mature within two years, recognise 
an obligation to pay a stated amount and carry a right to interest or are issued at a discount or at a premium.
Where Notes qualify as “commercial paper”, an exemption from Irish interest withholding tax will be available 
on payments of interest in respect of such Notes where the Notes have a denomination of not less than €500,000 
(or its currency equivalent) or U.S.$500,000 and the Notes are held in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(or another recognised clearing system).
Other exemptions for “commercial paper” may be available where holders of Notes provide certain specified 
information or declarations to the Issuer.
Taxation of Noteholders
Noteholders resident in Ireland
Generally, if holders are tax resident in Ireland, they will be subject to Irish tax on their worldwide income, 
including their return on the Notes. They will be obliged to account for any Irish tax on a self-assessment basis. 
There is no requirement for the Revenue Commissioners to issue or raise an assessment on them.
Noteholders not resident in Ireland
If holders are not tax resident in Ireland, they will generally only be subject to Irish tax on their Irish source 
income (on a self-assessment basis). A corporate recipient that carries on a trade in Ireland through a branch or 
agency in respect of which the Notes are held or attributed may have a liability to Irish corporation tax on the 
interest.
Interest payable on the Notes may be regarded as Irish source income, as the Issuer is resident in Ireland.
However, where the Notes are Listed Notes (and continue to be held in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg) 
or the “commercial paper” exemption (see above) applies, a holder should nevertheless be exempt from Irish 
income tax on interest paid on the Notes if it is:

--- Page 171 ---
164
(a)
a person (including a company) who is not tax resident in Ireland and is regarded (for the purposes of 
section 198 of the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997 of Ireland) as being a resident of an EU member state 
(other than Ireland) or a territory with which Ireland has a double tax treaty that has the force of law;
(b)
a company which is under the control (whether directly or indirectly) of a person or persons who, by 
virtue of the laws of a “relevant territory”, is or are tax resident in the “relevant territory” and who is or 
are (as the case may be) not under the control (whether directly or indirectly) of a person, or persons who 
are, not so resident. A “relevant territory” for these purposes means (i) a member state of the EU (other 
than Ireland), (ii) a territory with which Ireland has a double tax treaty that has the force of law, or (iii) a 
territory with which Ireland has signed a double tax treaty, which has yet to have the force of law; or
(c)
a company the principal class of shares of which, or:
(i)
where the company is a 75 per cent. subsidiary of another company, of that other company; or
(ii)
where the company is wholly-owned by two or more companies, of each of those companies,
is substantially and regularly traded on a stock exchange in Ireland, or on one or more recognised stock 
exchanges in a “relevant territory” (see just above) or on such other stock exchange as may be approved 
of by the Minister for Finance of Ireland for these purposes.
If the Notes are neither Listed Notes nor Notes to which the “commercial paper” exemption (see above) applies, 
a holder should nevertheless be exempt from Irish income tax on interest paid on the Notes if the interest is paid 
by the Issuer in the ordinary course of its trade or business and it is:
(a)
a company which is not tax resident in Ireland and which is regarded (for the purposes of section 198 of 
the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997 of Ireland) as being a resident of a EU member state (other than Ireland) 
or a territory with which Ireland has a double tax treaty that has the force of law provided, in either case, 
that the relevant territory imposes a tax that generally applies to interest receivable in that territory by 
companies from sources outside that territory; or
(b)
a company and the interest paid on the Notes is exempted from the charge to Irish income tax under a 
double tax treaty in force on the date the interest is paid, or would be exempted from the charge to Irish 
income tax if a double tax treaty which has been signed but is not yet in force had the force of law on the 
date the interest is paid.
If a holder earns a discount on Notes, it will not be chargeable to Irish income tax on such discount if the Notes 
were issued by the Issuer in the ordinary course of its trade or business and it is a person (including a company) 
who is not tax resident in Ireland and who is regarded (for the purposes of section 198 of the Taxes Consolidation 
Act 1997 of Ireland) as being a resident of a EU member state (other than Ireland) or a territory with which 
Ireland has a double tax treaty that has the force of law.
If the above exemptions do not apply, and the terms of a double tax treaty do not fully relieve Irish income tax 
payable on income earned on the Notes, the terms of a double tax treaty may provide for relief for Irish income 
tax paid, against a foreign tax liability arising on the same income. 
Irish capital gains tax
If a holder is a tax resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland, it may be subject to Irish tax on capital gains 
(currently 33 per cent.) on gains arising on a disposal of Notes.
If a holder is not tax resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland, it should not be subject to Irish tax on capital gains 
arising on a disposal of the Notes, provided the Notes are or were not held for the use of or for the purposes of 
an Irish branch or agency.

--- Page 172 ---
165
Irish capital acquisitions tax
Irish capital acquisitions tax applies to gifts and inheritances. The rate of capital acquisitions tax is currently 33 
per cent. A gift or inheritance of the Notes may be subject to capital acquisition tax if:
(a)
the disponer is tax resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland (or, in the case of value settled in a 
discretionary trust established before 1 December 1999, was then or later became domiciled in Ireland) 
on the relevant date;
(b)
the donee (or successor) is tax resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland on the relevant date; or
(c)
the Notes are regarded as property situated in Ireland.
Irish stamp duty
The issue of Notes will not give rise to a charge to Irish stamp duty.
The transfer of interests in the Notes may, in certain circumstances, result in a charge to Irish stamp duty. 
However, a transfer of the Notes by physical delivery only (and not otherwise) should not give rise to a charge 
to Irish stamp duty.
A transfer of Notes satisfying the terms of the loan capital exemption will be exempt from stamp duty. There are 
four conditions that must be satisfied to avail of this exemption: 
(a)
the Notes must not carry a right of conversion into shares or marketable securities (other than loan capital) 
of an Irish incorporated company or into loan capital having such a right;
(b)
the Notes must not carry rights similar to those attaching to shares, including voting rights, entitlement 
to a share of profits or a share in surplus on liquidation of the Issuer;
(c)
the Notes must be issued for a price which is not less than 90 per cent. of the nominal value of the Notes; 
and
(d)
the Notes must not carry a right to a sum in respect of repayment or interest which is related to certain 
movements in an index or indices (based wholly or partly and directly or indirectly on stocks or 
marketable securities) specified in any document relating to the Notes.

--- Page 173 ---
166
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE
The Dealers have in a Dealer Agreement dated 25 March 2022 (the “Dealer Agreement”) agreed with AIB a 
basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement for 
any particular purchase will extend to those matters stated under “Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes” 
and “Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes” above.
In the Dealer Agreement, AIB has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with 
the offer and sale of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement may be terminated in relation to all the Dealers or any 
of them by AIB or, in relation to itself, by any Dealer, at any time on giving not less than 15 days’ written notice.
The Dealers are entitled in certain circumstances to be released and discharged from their obligations under a 
subscription agreement prior to the closing of the issue of the relevant Notes.
United States
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state 
or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meaning given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act.
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to U.S. persons, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code, as amended and the regulations 
thereunder. The applicable Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or 
whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that, 
except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes of any identifiable 
tranche, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of an identifiable tranche of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each Dealer to which it sells any Notes during the 
distribution compliance period, a confirmation or other notice setting out the restrictions on offers and sales of 
the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable tranche of Notes, an offer 
or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer that is not participating in the offering of such Notes 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area (“EEA”). For the purposes of this provision: 
(a)
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or

--- Page 174 ---
167
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and
(b)
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe the Notes.
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes 
of this provision: 
(a)
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of:
(i)
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of the UK MiFIR; or 
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and
(b)
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes.
United Kingdom
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that:
(a)
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer and, it has complied and will comply 
with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes 
in, from or otherwise involving the UK; and
(b)
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other 
than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to 
expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 
of the FSMA by the Issuer.

--- Page 175 ---
168
Ireland
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that, it has not offered, sold, placed or underwritten and will not offer, sell, place 
or underwrite the Notes, or do anything in Ireland in respect of the Notes, otherwise than in conformity with
the provisions of:
(a)
the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as amended) and any codes 
or rules of conduct applicable thereunder, Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 and any delegated or 
implementing acts adopted thereunder and the provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 1998 (as 
amended);
(b)
the Irish Central Bank Acts 1942 – 2018 (as amended) and any codes of practice made under Section 
117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 (as amended); 
(c)
the Prospectus Regulation, the European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 and any rules and 
guidance issued under Section 1363 of the Companies Act 2014 (as amended), by the Central Bank; 
(d)
the Market Abuse Regulation (EU 596/2014) (as amended), the European Union (Market Abuse) 
Regulations 2016 (as amended) and any rules and guidance issued under Section 1370 of the Companies 
Act 2014 (as amended) by the Central Bank; 
(e)
the Companies Act 2014 (as amended); and
(f)
in respect of Notes with a maturity at issuance of less than one year, the terms of Central Bank Notice 
BSD C 01/02.
Republic of Italy
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or 
delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to any Notes be distributed 
in Italy, except, in accordance with any Italian securities, tax and other applicable laws and regulations.
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, any 
Notes or distribute any copy of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic 
of Italy (“Italy”) except:
(a)
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended
(the “Financial Services Act”) and Article 34-ter, paragraph 1, letter (b) of CONSOB regulation No. 
11971 of 14 May 1999 (the “CONSOB Regulation”), all as amended from time to time; or
(b)
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 
of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of the CONSOB Regulation and applicable Italian laws, 
each as amended from time to time.
In any event, any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any 
other document relating to the Notes in Italy under (a) and (b) above must be:
(i)
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in Italy 
in accordance with the Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the

--- Page 176 ---
169
“Banking Act”) and CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, all as amended from time to 
time;
(ii)
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended from time to time, and the implementing 
guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may 
request post-offering information on the issue or the offer of securities in Italy; and
(iii)
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations, including any requirement or limitation 
which may be imposed from time to time by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or any other competent 
authority.
See also “Transfer Restrictions in Italy” below.
Transfer Restrictions in Italy
Investors should note that, in accordance with Article 100-bis of the Financial Services Act, where no exemption 
from the rules on public offerings applies under paragraphs (a) and (b) above, the subsequent distribution of the 
Notes on the secondary market in Italy must be made in compliance with the public offer and the prospectus 
requirement rules provided under the Financial Services Act and the CONSOB Regulation. Furthermore, where 
no exemption from the rules on public offerings applies, the Notes which are initially offered and placed in Italy 
or abroad to professional investors only but in the following year are “systematically” distributed on the 
secondary market in Italy become subject to the public offer and the prospectus requirement rules provided 
under the Financial Services Act and CONSOB Regulation. Failure to comply with such rules may result in the 
sale of such Notes being declared null and void and in the liability of the intermediary transferring the financial 
instruments for any damages suffered by purchasers of Notes who are acting outside of the course of their 
business or profession.
This Base Prospectus and the information contained herein are intended only for the use of its recipient and are 
not to be distributed to any third-party resident or located in Italy for any reason. No person resident or located 
in Italy other than the original recipients of this document may rely on it or its contents.
Japan
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No, 25 of 1948, as amended the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). Accordingly, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell 
any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any 
person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to 
others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the 
Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan.
Singapore
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been, and will not be, registered as a prospectus in Singapore 
with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or 
sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will 
not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, 
and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other

--- Page 177 ---
170
document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the 
Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as 
defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time 
to time (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) 
of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and 
in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in 
accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:
(a)
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or
(b)
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except:
(i)
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA;
(ii)
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;
(iii)
where the transfer is by operation of law;
(iv)
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or
(v)
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-Based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore.
In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise specified before an offer of 
Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the 
SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and 
Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).
Switzerland
No Notes may be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss 
Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) and no application has or will be made to admit any Notes to trading on any 
trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
other offering or marketing material relating to any Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to any Notes may be publicly 
distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.

--- Page 178 ---
171
Canada
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are 
accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of 
the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration 
Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in 
accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable 
securities laws.
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for 
rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any supplement or amendment thereto) contains a 
misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within 
the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser 
should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for 
particulars of these rights or consult with a legal adviser.
General
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of AIB and the relevant Dealer(s) following a 
change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus.
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Notes, or 
possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any 
country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.
Each Dealer has agreed that it will (to the best of its knowledge) comply with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or 
distributes this Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms.
If a jurisdiction requires that the offering be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the Dealers or any affiliate 
of the Dealers is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, the offering shall be deemed to be made by the 
Dealers or such affiliate on behalf of AIB in such jurisdiction.

--- Page 179 ---
172
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme.
Final Terms dated [●]
AIB Group plc
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 635400AKJBGNS5WNQL34
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes]
under the €10,000,000,000
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES (ECPS) ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each 
as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes 
is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (the “UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target 
market.] Any [person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”)][distributor] 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”)][MiFID II]; (ii) a customer within the meaning of (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to

--- Page 180 ---
173
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.]
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”)][EUWA]; (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement [Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”)][the Insurance Distribution Directive], where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of [Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK MiFIR”)][the UK MiFIR]; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129][the Prospectus Regulation] as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document 
required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPS Regulation.]
[Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 
2001 of Singapore (as amended, the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies 
all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are [prescribed capital markets 
products][capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products] (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and are [Excluded][Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products.]1
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 25 March 2022 [and the supplemental Base Prospectuses dated [●]] [which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”)][the Prospectus Regulation]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus 
[as so supplemented].]2 Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis 
of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus[, as so supplemented]. The Final Terms and 
the Base Prospectus [and the supplemental Base Prospectuses] are available for inspection at the London office 
of the Agent and the office of the Issuer and in electronic form on the website of the Issuer www.aibgroup.com 
(access through the “Investor Relations” link)[, the website of the Central Bank, www.centralbank.ie (for so 
long as the Central Bank decides to provide a service of publishing such documents on its website) and on the 
website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin/bonds/list ].
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus (or equivalent) with an earlier date.
                                                       
1
For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to Section 309B 
of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.
2
Delete this statement and any other references to the Prospectus Regulation in these Final Terms in the case of an issuance of unlisted Notes 
and an issuance of Notes which will not be admitted to trading on a regulated market.

--- Page 181 ---
174
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [original date] [and the supplemental Base Prospectuses dated [●]]. [This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of [Regulation (EU)
2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”)][the Prospectus Regulation] and must be read in conjunction with the 
Base Prospectus dated 25 March 2022 [and the supplemental Base Prospectuses dated [●]], which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions 
which are extracted from the Base Prospectus dated [original date] [and the supplemental Base Prospectuses 
dated [●]] and are attached hereto]1. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available 
on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the [Base Prospectus dated [●]]/[Base Prospectuses 
dated [●] and [●]] [and the supplemental Base Prospectuses dated [●] and [●]]. The [Base Prospectus dated 
[●]]/[Base Prospectuses dated [●]] [and the supplemental Base Prospectuses[es]] are available for inspection at 
the London office of the Agent and the office of the Issuer.]
[The securities described by these Final Terms (the “Securities”) constitute Commercial Paper for the purposes 
of Notice BSD C 01/02 issued by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Notice”). The Securities are issued in 
accordance with one of the exemptions from the requirement to hold a banking licence provided by the Notice 
pursuant to section 8(2) of the Central Bank Act 1971 of Ireland, inserted by section 31 of the Central Bank Act 
1989 of Ireland, as amended. The Securities do not have the status of a bank deposit and are not within the 
scope of the Deposit Protection Scheme operated by the Central Bank of Ireland. The Issuer is not regulated by 
the Central Bank of Ireland.]3
1.
Issuer:
AIB Group plc
2.
[(i)]
Series Number:
[●]
[(ii)]
Tranche Number:
[●]
[(iii)]
Date on which the 
Notes become 
fungible:
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the [insert description of the 
Series] on [insert date/the Issue Date/exchange of 
the Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in item [26] 
below [which is expected to occur on or about 
[insert date]].]
3.
Specified Currency or Currencies:
[●]
4.
Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Notes:
[●]
[(i)]
Series:
[●]
[(ii)
Tranche:
[●]]
5.
Issue Price:
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case 
of fungible issues only, if applicable)]
6.
(i)
Specified 
Denominations:
[EUR100,000] 
[and 
integral 
multiples 
of 
[EUR1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
                                                       
3
Include for Notes which have a maturity of less than one year from the Issue Date. Any such Notes must be issued and transferable in a 
minimum amount of €125,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). Such Notes fall outside the scope of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 182 ---
175
[EUR199,000]. No Notes in definitive form will be 
issued 
with 
a 
denomination 
above 
[EUR199,000][●]
(ii)
Calculation Amount:
[●]
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. Note: There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.)
7.
(i)
Issue Date:
[●]
(ii)
Interest 
Commencement 
Date:
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]
8.
Maturity Date:
[specify/Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest
[specify month and year]]
9.
Interest Basis:
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate]
[[●] per cent. Resettable Notes]
[[SONIA/SOFR/EURIBOR] +/– [●] per cent. 
Floating Rate]
[Zero Coupon]
10.
Redemption/Payment Basis:
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal 
amount
11.
Change of Interest Basis:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
12.
Put/Call Options:
[Put (further particulars specified at item 20 
below)]
[Call (further particulars specified at item 19 
below)]
13.
(i)
Status of the Notes:
[Senior/Subordinated]
[(ii)
Loss Absorption 
Note4:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]
[(iii)
Waiver of Set-off5:
[Applicable – Condition 3(b) applies]/[Not 
Applicable – Condition 3(b) does not apply]] 
[(iv)
Restricted Events of 
Default6:
[Applicable – Condition 9(b) applies]/[Not 
Applicable – Condition 9(b) does not apply]]
                                                       
4
Senior Notes only.
5
Senior Notes only.
6
Senior Notes only.

--- Page 183 ---
176
[(v)]
[Date [Board] 
approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained:
[●] [and [●], respectively]]
14.
Method of distribution:
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
15
Fixed Rate Note Provisions:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)
Rate[(s)] of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] on each 
Interest Payment Date
(ii)
Interest Payment 
Date(s):
[●] in each year
(iii)
Fixed Coupon 
Amount[(s)]:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(iv)
Broken Amount(s):
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]
(v)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]
[Actual/360]
[30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis]
[30E/360 / Eurobond Basis]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
[Actual/Actual – ICMA]
(vi)
Determination 
Date(s):
[[●] in each year/Not Applicable]
16.
Resettable Note provisions:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)
Initial Rate of 
Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum [payable annually/semi-
annually/ quarterly/ monthly] in arrear]
(ii)
First Margin:
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum
(iii)
Subsequent Margin:
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum
(iv)
Resettable Note 
Interest Payment 
Date(s):
[●] in each year commencing on [●] and ending on 
[●]
(v)
First Resettable Note 
Reset Date:
[●]
(vi)
Second Resettable 
Note Reset Date:
[[●]/Not Applicable]
(vii)
Subsequent 
Resettable Note 
Reset Date:
[[●]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 184 ---
177
(viii)
Business Day 
Convention:
[Floating Rate Convention/ Following Business 
Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention]
(ix)
Business Centre(s):
[●]
(x)
Reset Rate:
[Single Mid-Swap Rate]/[Mean Mid-Swap 
Rate]/[Reference Bond]
(xi)
Relevant Screen 
Page:
[●]
(xii)
Mid-Swap Maturity:
[●]
(xiii)
Fixed Leg Swap 
Duration:
[●]
(xiv)
Benchmark Duration: 
[Fixed Leg Swap Duration/[●]]
(xv)
Subsequent Reset 
Rate Time: 
[●]
(xvi)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]
[Actual/360]
[30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis]
[30E/360 / Eurobond Basis]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
[Actual/Actual – ICMA]
17.
Floating Rate Note Provisions:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)
Interest Period(s):
[●] in each year, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (v) 
below
(ii)
Specified Interest 
Payment Dates:
[●] in each year, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (v) 
below
(iii)
First Interest 
Payment Date:
[●]
(iv)
Business Day 
Convention:
[Floating Rate Convention/ Following Business 
Day Convention/ Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention]
(v)
Business Centre(s):
[●]
(vi)
Manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be 
determined:
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]
(vii)
Party responsible for 
calculating the 
[●]

--- Page 185 ---
178
Rate(s) of Interest 
and Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent):
(viii)
Screen Rate 
Determination:
[Applicable – Term Rate][Applicable –
SONIA][Applicable – SOFR]
– Reference Rate:
[SONIA Compounded Index Rate / SONIA 
Compounded 
Daily 
Reference 
Rate 
[with 
Observation Shift] / [with Lag] where “p” is: 
[specify number] London Business Days [being no 
less than 5 London Business Days]]
[SOFR 
Compounded 
Index 
Rate 
/ 
SOFR 
Compounded 
Daily 
Reference 
Rate 
[with 
Observation Shift] / [with Lag] where “p” is: 
[specify number] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days [being no less than 5 U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days]]
[EURIBOR]
[Insert other applicable reference rates included in 
terms and conditions]
– Interest 
Determination 
Date(s):
[The 
date 
which 
is 
[“p”]
[London][U.S. 
Government Securities] Business Days prior to each 
Interest Payment Date]
– Relevant Screen 
Page:
[[Bloomberg Screen Page: SONCINDX] / see pages 
of authorised distributors for SONIA Compounded 
Index Rate] or [Bloomberg Screen Page: SONIO/N 
Index] / SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate 
as applicable][●]
– Relevant Fallback 
Screen Page:
[[Bloomberg Screen Page: SONIO/N Index] / see 
pages of authorised distributors for
SONIA 
Compounded 
Daily 
Reference 
Rate 
as 
applicable][●]]
(ix)
ISDA Determination:
– Floating Rate 
Option:
[●]
– Designated 
Maturity:
[●]
– Reset Date:
[●]
– ISDA Definitions:
[●]
(x)
Linear Interpolation:
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)]

--- Page 186 ---
179
(xi)
Margin(s):
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum
(xii)
Minimum Rate of 
Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum
(xiii)
Maximum Rate of 
Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum
(xiv)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]
[Actual/360]
[30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis]
[30E/360 / Eurobond Basis]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
[Actual/Actual – ICMA]
18.
Zero Coupon Note Provisions:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)
Amortisation Yield:
[●] per cent. per annum
(ii)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]
[Actual/360]
[30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis]
[30E/360 / Eurobond Basis]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
[Actual/Actual – ICMA]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
19.
Call Option:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)
Optional Redemption 
Date(s):
[●]
(ii)
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each 
Note:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(iii)
If redeemable in part:
(a)
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(b)
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(iv)
Notice period:
[●]

--- Page 187 ---
180
20.
Put Option7:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)
Optional Redemption 
Date(s):
[●]
(ii)
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each 
Note:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(iii)
Notice period:
[●]
[21.
Capital Disqualification Event for 
partial exclusion:8
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]
[22.
Loss Absorption Disqualification 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(This item may only be expressed to be Applicable 
where the Notes are Senior Notes. If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraph of 
this paragraph)
– Loss Absorption 
Disqualification 
Event for partial 
exclusion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]
23.
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note:
[●] per Calculation Amount
24.
Early Redemption Amount:
– Early Redemption 
Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount 
payable on 
redemption for 
taxation reasons or 
on event of default 
[or on redemption for 
regulatory 
reasons9][or on 
redemption following 
a Loss Absorption 
Disqualification 
Event10]:
[●] per Calculation Amount
25.
Substitution and Variation:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
                                                       
7
Senior Notes only.
8
Subordinated Notes only.
9
Subordinated Notes only. 
10 Senior Notes only.

--- Page 188 ---
181
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
26.
Form of Notes:
[Bearer Notes:]
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note]
[Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note]
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note]
[Registered Notes:]
[Registered Global Note registered in the name of a 
nominee for a [common depositary/common 
safekeeper] 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]
27.
Governing Law:
[English][Irish] Law Notes
28.
New Global Note:
[Yes] [No]
29.
Green Bonds: 
[Yes] [No]
[If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph]
[(i)] 
[Reviewer(s):]
[Name of sustainability rating agencies and name of 
third party assurance agent, if any and details of 
compliance opinion(s) and availability]
[(i)] 
[Date of Second 
Party Opinion(s):]
[Give details]
30.
Social Bonds
[Yes] [No]
[If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph]
[(i)]
[Reviewer(s):]
[Name of sustainability rating agencies and name of 
third party assurance agent, if any and details of 
compliance opinion(s) and availability]
[(ii)]
[Date of Second 
Party Opinion(s):]
[Give details]
31.
Financial Centre(s):
[Not Applicable/give details. [Note that this 
paragraph relates to the date [and place] of 
payment, and not the end date of the interest period 
for the purposes of calculating the amount of 
interest, to which sub-paragraph 17(v) relates]]
32.
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and 
[No/Yes. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange

--- Page 189 ---
182
dates on which such Talons 
mature):
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made]
[USE OF PROCEEDS
Give details if different from the “Use of Proceeds” section in the Base Prospectus.]
RESPONSIBILITY
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant third party 
information) has been extracted from (specify source). 
The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is 
able to ascertain from information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]
Signed on behalf of the Issuer:
By:
Duly authorised

--- Page 190 ---
183
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
1.
Listing
(i)
Listing:
[Euronext Dublin/None]
(ii)
Admission to trading:
[Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted to the 
Official List and to be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin with effect from [●]. No assurance 
can be given that such listing will be obtained and/or 
maintained/Not Applicable].
[(iii) [Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading:
[●]
2.
Ratings
Ratings:
[The following ratings reflect the ratings allocated to Notes of 
this type issued under the Programme generally:]
The Notes are expected to be rated [●] by [●][on or shortly after 
the Issue Date].
No assurance can be given that such rating will be obtained 
and/or retained.
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes of the type being issued under the Programme generally 
or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.)
(Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this 
has previously been published by the rating provider.)
Insert one (or more) of the following options, as applicable:
Option 1: CRA is (i) established in the EU and (ii) registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation:
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EU and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the “EU CRA Regulation”).
[Include details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established and registered in the UK or certified under 
the UK CRA Regulation]
Option 2: CRA is (i) established in the EU, (ii) not registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation but (iii) has applied for 
registration:
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EU and has applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the “EU 
CRA Regulation”) although notification of the registration 
decision has not yet been provided.
[Include details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established and registered in the UK or certified under 
the UK CRA Regulation]

--- Page 191 ---
184
Option 3: CRA is (i) established in the EU and (ii) has not 
applied for registration and is not registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation:
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EU and is neither 
registered nor has it applied for registration under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 (the “EU CRA Regulation”).
[Include details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established and registered in the UK or certified under 
the UK CRA Regulation]
Option 4: CRA is established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA:
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
“UK CRA Regulation”).
[Include details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established and registered in the EEA or certified under 
the EU CRA Regulation]
Option 5: CRA is not established in the EU or the UK but the 
relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA which is established and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and/or under the UK 
CRA Regulation:
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EU or the UK but the 
rating it has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name 
of credit rating agency], which is established in the [EU and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the “EU CRA 
Regulation”)] [and] [UK and registered under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”)].
Option 6: CRA is not established in the EU or the UK and the 
relevant rating is not endorsed under the EU CRA Regulation
and/or the UK CRA Regulation, but the CRA is certified under 
the EU CRA Regulation and/or the UK CRA Regulation:
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EU or the UK but is 
certified under [Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the “EU CRA 
Regulation”)] [and] [Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”)].
Option 7: CRA is neither established in the EU or the UK nor 
certified under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA

--- Page 192 ---
185
Regulation and the relevant rating is not endorsed under the 
EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation:
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EU or the UK and is 
not certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the “EU 
CRA Regulation”) or the Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”) and the 
rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA 
Regulation.
3.
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in 
the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates 
have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course 
of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)]
4. 
Estimated Net Proceeds 
Estimated net proceeds:
[●]
5.
[Fixed Rate Notes only – Yield
Indication of yield:
[●]
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue 
Price. It is not an indication of future yield.]
6.
[Floating Rate Notes only –
Historic Interest Rates
Details of historic [EURIBOR] rates can be obtained from [Reuters].]
7.
Operational Information
ISIN:
[●]
Common Code:
[●]
CFI:
[[●], as updated, as set out on the website of the Association of 
National Number Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced 
from the responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable]
FISN:
[[●], as updated, as set out on the website of the Association of 
National Number Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced 
from the responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN /Not Applicable]
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or available, 
it/they should be specified to be “Not Applicable”)
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)[and address(es)]]

--- Page 193 ---
186
Clearstream Banking, S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s):
Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
Name and address of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any):
[●]
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
International Central Securities Depositaries as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a nominee of one of 
the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper)] (include this text for 
registered notes) and does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date of 
these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be 
amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper)] (include this 
text for registered notes). Note that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]
8.
Distribution
(i)
Method of distribution:
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]
(ii)
If syndicated:
(A) Names of Managers:
[Not Applicable/give names]
(B) Stabilisation Manager(s) 
(if any):
[Not Applicable/give names]
(iii) If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer:
[Not Applicable/give name]
(iv) U.S. Selling Restrictions:
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2] [TEFRA C / TEFRA D / 
TEFRA Not Applicable]

--- Page 194 ---
187
GENERAL INFORMATION
1
It is expected that approval of the Programme in respect of the Notes will be granted on or before 25 March
2022 by Euronext Dublin subject only to the issue of a temporary Global Note or Global Certificate (as 
applicable) in respect of each Tranche. However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which 
will not be listed on any stock exchange.
A&L Listing Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in connection with the 
Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List or to trading on the Market for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.
2
The update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme have been authorised by a 
resolution of the Board of Directors of AIB passed on 24 February 2022.
3
Each Bearer Note, Coupon and Talon will bear the following legend: “Any U.S. person who holds this 
obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations 
provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code”.
4
There are no, and there have not been any, governmental, legal or arbitration actions, suits or proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which AIB is aware) involving AIB 
or any of its subsidiaries during the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus, which may have, 
or have had in recent past significant effects on the financial position or profitability of AIB and/or the 
Group taken as a whole.
5
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Group since 31 December 2021
and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2021.
6
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined before filing of the relevant Final 
Terms of each Tranche, based on then prevailing market conditions. AIB does not intend to provide any 
post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Notes.
7
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are 
the entities in charge of keeping the records). The Common Code and ISIN (and any other relevant 
identification number for any alternative clearing system) for each Series of Notes will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium 
and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.
8
The legal entity identifier of AIB is 635400AKJBGNS5WNQL34.
9
Copies of the following documents (in physical form) will be available at the Issuer’s registered office
from the date hereof for so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes remain outstanding at 
the London office of the Agent and the office of AIB specified at the end of this Base Prospectus and on 
the Issuer’s website at https://aib.ie/investorrelations/debt-investor/unsecured-funding/aib-group-plc-snr-
and-tier-2:
(i)
the Memorandum and Articles of Association of AIB;
(ii)
the Trust Deed;
(iii)
the Agency Agreement;
(iv)
the annual financial report of AIB for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020;
(v)
each Final Terms for Notes which are listed on Euronext Dublin or any other stock exchange;

--- Page 195 ---
188
(vi)
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further 
Base Prospectus; and
(vii)
all reports, letters and other documents, balance sheets, valuations and statements by any expert 
any part of which is extracted or referred to in any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further 
Base Prospectus.
10
Deloitte Ireland LLP of Deloitte & Touche House, Earlsfort Terrace, Dublin (a member of the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants in Ireland) have audited, without qualifications, the annual consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, in 
accordance with Auditing Standards issued by the Auditing Practices Board.
11
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking, commercial banking, hedging, monetary policy and/or financing transactions with, and may 
perform services for the Issuer and/or the Issuer’s affiliates or for clients in transactions which involve the 
Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their 
business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and 
actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments 
(including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and 
securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer’s affiliates. Certain 
of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer and/or the Issuer’s affiliates 
routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer and/or the Issuer’s affiliates consistent with their 
customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such 
exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the 
creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any 
such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The 
Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.
12
The website of the Issuer is https://aib.ie/investorrelations. The information on the Issuer’s website does 
not form part of this Base Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 196 ---
DEALERS
ABN AMRO Bank N.V.
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10
1082 PP Amsterdam
The Netherlands
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC
One Molesworth Street
Dublin 2
D02RF29
Ireland
BNP Paribas
16, boulevard des Italiens
75009 Paris
France
BofA Securities Europe SA
51 rue La Boétie
75008 Paris
France
Citigroup Global Markets Limited
Citigroup Centre
Canada Square
Canary Wharf
London E14 5LB
United Kingdom
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17
60329 Frankfurst am Main
Germany
Goldman Sachs International
Plumtree Court
25 Shoe Lane
London EC4A 4AU
United Kingdom
Goodbody Stockbrokers UC
Ballsbridge Park
Ballsbridge
Dublin 4
Ireland
HSBC Continental Europe
38, avenue Kléber
75116 Paris
France
ING Bank N.V.
Foppingadreef 7
1102 BD Amsterdam
The Netherlands
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc
10 Gresham Street
London EC2V 7AE
United Kingdom
Mizuho International plc
30 Old Bailey
London EC4M 7AU
United Kingdom
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc
25 Cabot Square
Canary Wharf
London E14 4QA
United Kingdom
Natixis
30 avenue Pierre Mendès-France
75013 Paris
France
NatWest Markets N.V.
Claude Debussylaan 94
1082 MD Amsterdam
The Netherlands
Nomura International plc
1 Angel Lane
London EC4R 3AB
United Kingdom
Société Générale
29, boulevard Haussmann
75009 Paris
France
UBS AG London Branch
5 Broadgate
London EC2M 2QS
United Kingdom
UniCredit Bank AG
Arabellastrasse 12
81925 Munich
Germany

--- Page 197 ---
ARRANGER AND DEALER
J.P. Morgan SE
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm)
60310 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
REGISTERED OFFICE OF AIB
AIB Group plc
10 Molesworth Street
Dublin 2
Republic of Ireland
Tel: +353 16417803
TRUSTEE
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited
One Canada Square
Canary Wharf
London E14 5AL
United Kingdom
ISSUING AND PAYING AGENT
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch
One Canada Square
Canary Wharf
London E14 5AL
United Kingdom
REGISTRAR
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch
Vertigo Building – Polaris
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert
L-2453 Luxembourg

--- Page 198 ---
A446773195
LEGAL ADVISERS
to AIB
(as to English law)
Linklaters LLP
One Silk Street
London EC2Y 8HQ
United Kingdom
(as to Irish law)
A&L Goodbody LLP
25-28 North Wall Quay
Dublin 1
Republic of Ireland
to the Dealers
(as to English law)
Allen & Overy LLP
One Bishops Square
London E1 6AD
United Kingdom
(as to Irish law)
Matheson
70 Sir John Rogerson’s Quay
Dublin 2
Republic of Ireland
AUDITORS OF AIB
Deloitte Ireland LLP
Deloitte & Touche House
Earlsfort Terrace
Dublin 2
Republic of Ireland
LISTING AGENT
A&L Listing Limited
IFSC
North Wall Quay
Dublin 1
Republic of Ireland