--- Page 1 ---
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
IMPORTANT: You must read the following before continuing. The following applies to the base prospectus 
following this disclaimer (the “Base Prospectus”), and you are therefore advised to read this carefully before 
reading, accessing or making any other use of the Base Prospectus. In accessing the Base Prospectus, you agree 
to be bound by the following terms and conditions, including any modifications to them, any time you receive 
any information from us as a result of such access and you agree that AIB Group plc, together with its 
subsidiaries and affiliates and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the following representations, 
acknowledgements and agreements. 
NOTHING IN THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER OF SECURITIES FOR 
SALE IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO DO SO. THE NOTES (AS DEFINED IN 
THE BASE PROSPECTUS) HAVE NOT BEEN, AND WILL NOT BE, REGISTERED UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR OTHER 
JURISDICTION AND THE NOTES MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES 
OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S), 
EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE 
REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE OR LOCAL 
SECURITIES LAWS. THE BASE PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED IN 
WHOLE OR IN PART TO ANY OTHER PERSON AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER 
WHATSOEVER. ANY FORWARDING, DISTRIBUTION OR REPRODUCTION OF THE BASE 
PROSPECTUS IN WHOLE OR IN PART IS UNAUTHORISED. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS 
DIRECTIVE MAY RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS 
OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. IF YOU HAVE GAINED ACCESS TO THIS TRANSMISSION CONTRARY 
TO ANY OF THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS, YOU ARE NOT AUTHORISED AND WILL NOT BE 
ABLE TO PURCHASE ANY SECURITIES. 
Confirmation of your representations: In order to be eligible to view the Base Prospectus or make an investment 
decision with respect to the Notes, prospective investors must either (1) be QIBs (within the meaning of Rule 
144A) or (2) be non-U.S. persons outside the United States in compliance with Regulation S. The Base 
Prospectus is being sent at your request and, by accepting the e-mail and accessing the Base Prospectus, you 
shall represent to us that (1) you and any customers you represent are either (a) QIBs or (b) non-U.S. persons 
outside the United States and the electronic mail (or e-mail) address that you gave us and to which this e-mail 
has been delivered is not located in the United States and (2) you consent to delivery of such Base Prospectus 
by electronic transmission. 
You are reminded that the Base Prospectus has been delivered to you on the basis that you are a person into 
whose possession the Base Prospectus may be lawfully delivered in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction 
in which you are located and you may not, nor are you authorised to, deliver the Base Prospectus to any other 
person. 
The materials relating to the offering do not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an offer or 
solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law. If a jurisdiction requires that the 
offering be made by a licensed broker or dealer and any of Barclays Capital Inc., BNP Paribas Securities Corp., 
BofA Securities, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Goodbody Stockbrokers UC, 
HSBC Securities (USA) Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, TD Securities (USA) 
LLC, UBS Securities LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC (together, the “Dealers”) or any affiliate of the 
Dealers is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, the offer shall be deemed to be made by the Dealers 
or such affiliate on behalf of the Issuer (as defined in the Base Prospectus) in such jurisdiction. 
No person may communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in 
investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as

--- Page 2 ---
amended, the “FSMA”)) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes other than in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply. 
In the United Kingdom, the attached Base Prospectus may only be distributed to, and is only directed at (a) 
persons who have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended, the “Order”), (b) 
high net worth entities, and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated, falling within Article 
49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order, and (c) any other persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be communicated or 
be caused to be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). Any person 
who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this Base Prospectus or any of its contents. Any investment 
or investment activity in the United Kingdom to which the Base Prospectus relates is available only to relevant 
persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons. 
UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in 
the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law in the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”) (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturers’ target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturers’ target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
UK PRIIPs Regulation / Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law in the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of UK MiFIR. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law in the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the United Kingdom has 
been prepared and, therefore, offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any distributor 
should take into consideration the manufacturers’ target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturers’ target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
PRIIPs Regulation / Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer

--- Page 3 ---
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
“PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and, therefore, offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 
2001 of Singapore (as amended, the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise specified before an offer of 
Notes, the Issuer has determined and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the 
SFA) that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and 
Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
The Base Prospectus has been sent to you in an electronic form. You are reminded that documents transmitted 
via this medium may be altered or changed during the process of electronic transmission and consequently none 
of the Issuer, the Dealers or any person who controls them, nor any director, officer, employee or agent of any 
of them or affiliate of any such person accepts any liability or responsibility whatsoever in respect of any 
difference between the Base Prospectus distributed to you in electronic format and the hard copy version 
available to you on request from the Dealers.

--- Page 4 ---
Base Prospectus dated 1 September 2023 
 
AIB Group plc 
(a company incorporated with limited liability in Ireland) 
U.S.$10,000,000,000 
Global Medium Term Note Programme 
AIB Group plc (the “Issuer”) may from time to time issue Notes denominated in such currencies as may be agreed with the Dealers specified in this base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) 
(each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”, which expression shall include any additional Dealers appointed under the U.S.$10,000,000,000 Global Medium Term Note Programme described 
in this Base Prospectus (the “Programme”) from time to time, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on a continuing basis). The Notes may be issued as unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer (“Senior Notes”) or as subordinated obligations of the Issuer (“Subordinated Notes”, together with the Senior Notes, the “Notes”). The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis 
to one or more of the Dealers. The Notes will have maturities of not less than twelve months from the date of issue. Subject as set out herein, the maximum aggregate nominal amount of all 
Notes from time to time outstanding will not exceed U.S.$10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies at the time of agreement to issue, subject as further set out herein). 
Factors which may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme and factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with Notes issued under the Programme are set out in “Risk Factors”. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The 
Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should 
not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments (as amended, “MiFID II”), to the extent that such amendments have been implemented in the relevant Member State of the 
European Economic Area. Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for Notes issued under the Programme for the period 
of 12 months from the date of the approval of the Base Prospectus by the Central Bank to be admitted to the official list of Euronext Dublin (the “Official List”) and to trading on its regulated 
market. No assurance can be given that such an application to list and trade the Notes will be accepted. A&L Listing Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent in connection with 
the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List or to trading on its regulated market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Notes which are admitted to the Official List are referred to herein as “Listed Notes”. Notice of the aggregate principal amount of, interest (if any) payable in respect of, the issue price of and 
any other terms and conditions not contained herein which are applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Description of the Programme”) of Notes will be set forth in a set of final terms 
(the “Final Terms”) which, with respect to the Listed Notes, will be delivered to Euronext Dublin on or before the date of issue of such Tranche. Unlisted Notes and Notes listed on other or 
additional stock exchanges may also be issued. Any Final Terms in respect of unlisted Notes will not constitute final terms for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Notes issued under the Programme are not guaranteed by the Minister for Finance of Ireland or any other person or entity. 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR, SONIA and SOFR as specified in the relevant Final Terms and each as defined under “Description of the 
Notes”. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, European Money Markets Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR) appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (the “ESMA”), pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended, the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”). As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, the administrators of SONIA and SOFR do not appear on ESMA’s register of administrators and benchmarks pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, SONIA and SOFR do not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation.  
Notes that are sold in the United States to “qualified institutional buyers” (each, a “QIB”) within the meaning of Rule 144A (“Rule 144A”) under the Securities Act (“Restricted Notes”) will 
initially be represented by a permanent registered global certificate (each a “Restricted Global Note”), which may be deposited on the relevant issue date with a custodian (the “Custodian”) 
for, and registered in the name of Cede & Co. as nominee for, The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”). Notes that are sold in an “offshore transaction” within the meaning of Regulation S 
(“Unrestricted Notes”), will initially be represented by a permanent registered global certificate (each an “Unrestricted Global Note”, and, together with the Restricted Global Notes, the 
“Global Notes”), which may be deposited on the relevant issue date (a) in the case of a Series intended to be cleared through Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream 
Banking, SA (“Clearstream”) Clearstream, Luxembourg, with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and (b) in the case of a Series intended to be cleared 
through a clearing system other than, or in addition to, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, or delivered outside a clearing system, as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
This Base Prospectus will be valid as a base prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation for 12 months from 1 September 2023. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus 
in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply following the expiry of that period. 
 
Arranger 
J.P. Morgan 
 
Dealers  
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities 
Citigroup 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 
Goodbody 
HSBC 
Morgan Stanley 
TD Securities 
UBS Investment Bank 
 
Wells Fargo Securities

--- Page 5 ---
2 
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
For the purposes of this Base Prospectus, “AIB” and the “Group” refer to AIB Group plc and its 
subsidiaries (including Allied Irish Banks, p.l.c.). 
AIB accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of AIB’s 
knowledge, such information is in accordance with the facts and this Base Prospectus makes no omission 
likely to affect the import of such information. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all the documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated herein by reference, see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”. This Base Prospectus shall 
be read and construed on the basis that such documents are so incorporated and form part of this Base 
Prospectus save as provided herein.  
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in any Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment for that investor considering its own circumstances. In 
particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, 
the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment 
will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
relevant Notes, including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from 
the potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect the investor’s investment and its ability 
to bear the applicable risks; and 
(vi) 
understand the accounting, legal, regulatory and tax implications of a purchase, holding and 
disposal of an interest in the relevant Notes. 
Some Notes may be purchased by investors as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, 
measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest 
in any Notes unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) to evaluate 
how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such Notes 
and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, 
or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest rate may affect the secondary 
market in, and the market value of, such Notes. If the Notes are converted from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any 
time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Notes are converted from a floating rate to a fixed 
rate, the fixed rate in such circumstances may be lower than then prevailing market rates.

--- Page 6 ---
3 
The market values of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-
bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the greater the price 
volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Though the NGN and NSS allow for the possibility of Notes, which are specified to be issued as New 
Global Notes, being issued and held in a manner which will permit them to be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit operations or as eligible under 
quantitative easing related bond purchase programmes, by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
or all times during their life, in any particular case, such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria at the relevant time. Neither the Arranger, nor the Dealers, nor any of their 
respective affiliates, nor the Trustee gives any representation as to the eligibility of the Notes pursuant to 
such Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Bearer or registered form Global Notes that are deposited with a Common Depositary on behalf of the 
ICSDs under the classic global note structure are not eligible for Eurosystem purposes. In addition, Notes 
in definitive form are not eligible for Eurosystem purposes. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers, the Arranger or the Trustee accepts any 
responsibility for the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement, made or purported to 
be made by the Arranger, a Dealer or the Trustee or on its behalf in connection with AIB or the issue and 
offering of Notes under the Programme. The Arranger, each Dealer and the Trustee accordingly disclaim 
all and any liability, whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to above), which 
they might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this 
Base Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility 
as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any 
responsibility for any acts or omissions of AIB or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer) in 
connection with any issue and offering of the Notes under the Programme.  
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than 
those contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or 
made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by AIB, the 
Arranger or any of the Dealers. 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not 
be considered as a recommendation by any of AIB, the Arranger, the Dealers or any of their affiliates 
that any recipient of this Base Prospectus should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes 
should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its 
purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any 
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs the Group since the 
date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of AIB and/or the Group 
since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented. None of the Arranger or the Dealers undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs 
of AIB or any of its subsidiaries during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Programme 
nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention 
of any of the Arranger or the Dealers.

--- Page 7 ---
4 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance Rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance 
Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET - The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the “EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the 
Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the “UK MiFIR”). Consequently, no key information document required by the 
PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”)

--- Page 8 ---
5 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 
2001 of Singapore (as amended, the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise specified before an offer 
of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) 
of the SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 
2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
NOTICE TO CANADIAN INVESTORS 
This Base Prospectus constitutes an “exempt offering document” as defined in and for the purposes of 
applicable Canadian securities laws. No prospectus has been filed with any securities commission or 
similar regulatory authority in Canada in connection with the offer and sale of any Notes. No securities 
commission or similar regulatory authority in Canada has reviewed or in any way passed upon this Base 
Prospectus or on the merits of any Notes and any representation to the contrary is an offence. 
Canadian investors are advised that this document has been prepared in reliance on section 3A.3 of 
National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (“NI 33-105”). Pursuant to section 3A.3 of NI 33-105, 
this document is exempt from the requirement that the issuer and the underwriters in the offering 
provide Canadian investors with certain conflicts of interest disclosure pertaining to “connected issuer” 
and/or “related issuer” relationships as would otherwise be required pursuant to subsection 2.1(1) of NI 
33-105. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies 
for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a 
misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser 
within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The 
purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s 
province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal adviser. 
The offer and sale of the Notes in Canada is being made on a private placement basis only and is exempt 
from the requirement that the issuer prepares and files a prospectus under applicable Canadian 
securities laws. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a 
transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws, which may vary 
depending on the relevant jurisdiction, and which may require resales to be made in accordance with 
Canadian prospectus requirements, in a transaction exempt from the prospectus requirements or 
otherwise under a discretionary exemption from the prospectus requirements granted by the applicable 
local Canadian securities regulatory authority. These resale restrictions may under certain circumstances 
apply to resales of the Notes outside of Canada. 
The Issuer is not a member institution of the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation. The liability 
incurred by the Issuer through the issuance and sale of the Notes is not a deposit. The Issuer is not 
regulated as a financial institution in Canada. 
Upon receipt of this Base Prospectus, each Canadian investor hereby confirms that it has expressly 
requested that all documents evidencing or relating in any way to the sale of the Notes described herein 
(including for greater certainty any purchase confirmation or any notice) be drawn up in the English 
language only. Par la réception de ce document, chaque investisseur canadien confirme par les présentes

--- Page 9 ---
6 
qu’il a expressément exigé que tous les documents faisant foi ou se rapportant de quelque manière que 
ce soit à la vente des valeurs mobilières décrites aux présentes (incluant, pour plus de certitude, toute 
confirmation d'achat ou tout avis) soient rédigés en anglais seulement. 
AIB and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that Notes 
may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any 
jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for 
facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by AIB or the Dealers 
which would permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, Notes may not be offered or sold, 
directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material 
may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in 
compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of any of the Notes may be restricted by 
law in certain jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by 
AIB, the Arranger and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. 
If a jurisdiction requires that an offering of Notes be made by a licensed broker or dealer and any Dealer 
or any affiliate of a Dealer is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, the offering shall be deemed 
to be made by such Dealer or such affiliate on behalf of AIB in such jurisdiction. 
Certain of the Dealers may not be U.S. registered broker-dealers and accordingly will not effect any offers 
or sales of any Notes in the United States unless it is through one or more U.S. registered broker-dealers 
as permitted by applicable securities laws and the regulations of the Financial Industry Regulatory 
Authority. 
In the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA or 
offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum specified denomination shall be at least 
€100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes). 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (the 
“Securities Act”). Subject to certain exemptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or to U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”)). 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base 
Prospectus, see “Plan of Distribution”.  
The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on 
Regulation S and, in the case of Registered Notes, within the United States to QIBs in reliance on Rule 
144A. Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that sellers of the Notes may be relying on the 
exemption from the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. For a description 
of these and certain further restrictions on offers, sales and transfers of Notes and distribution of this 
Base Prospectus see “Plan of Distribution” and “Transfer Restrictions”. 
The Notes have not been approved or disapproved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, any 
State securities commission in the United States or any other U.S. regulatory authority, nor have any of 
the foregoing authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of Notes or the accuracy or 
the adequacy of this Base Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the 
United States. 
All references in this document to “Ireland” are to the Republic of Ireland, those to the “United 
Kingdom” or “UK” are to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, those to the

--- Page 10 ---
7 
“United States” or “U.S.” are to the United States of America, those to a “Member State” are references 
to a Member State of the EEA. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of AIB or the Dealers 
to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) acting as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market 
price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may 
not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at 
any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation 
action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting 
on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
ENFORCEABILITY OF JUDGMENTS 
AIB is a company organised under the laws of Ireland. All of the directors and executive officers of AIB are 
non-residents of the United States, and all or a substantial portion of the assets of AIB and such persons are 
located outside the United States. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process 
within the United States upon AIB or such persons or to enforce against any of them in the United States courts 
judgments obtained in United States courts, including judgments predicated upon the civil liability provisions 
of the securities laws of the United States or any State or territory within the United States.

--- Page 11 ---
8 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
OVERVIEW ....................................................................................................................................................... 9 
RISK FACTORS ...............................................................................................................................................14 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .....................................................................................55 
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION .............................................................................................................58 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION ...........................................................................................................59 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................................62 
CAPITALISATION AND INDEBTEDNESS ...................................................................................................63 
INFORMATION ON AIB .................................................................................................................................65 
SIGNIFICANT SHAREHOLDERS..................................................................................................................80 
MANAGEMENT ..............................................................................................................................................81 
SELECTED CONSOLIDATED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL AND OPERATING INFORMATION ............83 
OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW AND RISK MANAGEMENT ....................................................89 
CAPITAL ..........................................................................................................................................................94 
SUPERVISION AND REGULATION ..............................................................................................................97 
TAXATION .....................................................................................................................................................106 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ......................................................................................................121 
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES ..................................................................................................................122 
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES IN GLOBAL FORM ................................................................................174 
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION ...........................................................................................................................177 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS .......................................................................................................................184 
LEGAL MATTERS .........................................................................................................................................186 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS ........................................................................................................................187 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS ......................................................................................................................188 
GENERAL INFORMATION ..........................................................................................................................202 
DEFINITIONS ................................................................................................................................................204 
GLOSSARY OF TECHNICAL TERMS ......................................................................................................... 211

--- Page 12 ---
9 
OVERVIEW 
The following overview is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus. 
Issuer: 
AIB Group plc 
Description: 
Global Medium Term Note Programme 
Size: 
Up to U.S.$10,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies 
at the date of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
outstanding at any one time. 
Arranger: 
J.P. Morgan Securities LLC 
Dealers: 
Barclays Capital Inc.  
BNP Paribas Securities Corp. 
BofA Securities, Inc. 
Citigroup Global Markets Inc. 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 
Goodbody Stockbrokers UC 
HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. 
J.P. Morgan Securities LLC 
Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC 
TD Securities (USA) LLC 
UBS Securities LLC 
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of 
any dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers 
either in respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the 
whole Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to 
“Permanent Dealers” are to the persons listed above as Dealers 
and to such additional persons that are appointed as dealers in 
respect of the whole Programme (and whose appointment has not 
been terminated) and references to “Dealers” are to all 
Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in 
respect of one or more Tranches. 
Trustee: 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited 
Paying Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
New York Paying Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having 
one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or 
identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest), 
the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable 
with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in 
tranches (each a “Tranche”) on the same or different issue dates. 
The specific terms of each Tranche (which will be completed, 
where necessary, with the relevant terms and conditions and,

--- Page 13 ---
10 
save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of 
interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to 
the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be completed 
in the final terms (the “Final Terms”). 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount.  
Form of Notes: 
The Notes may be issued in registered form only. Notes of a 
series will initially be represented by a global note or global 
notes in fully registered form (“Global Notes”). 
Clearing Systems: 
DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and, in relation to 
any Tranche, such other clearing system as may be agreed 
between the Issuer, the Trustee and the relevant Dealer. 
Initial Delivery of Notes: 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche, the Global Notes 
representing Notes may be deposited with a common depositary 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Global Notes may 
also be deposited with any other clearing system or may be 
delivered outside any clearing system provided that the method 
of such delivery has been agreed in advance by the Issuer, the 
Paying Agent, the Trustee and the relevant Dealer. Registered 
Notes that are to be credited to one or more clearing systems on 
issue will be registered in the name of nominees or a common 
nominee for such clearing systems. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in any currency agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealers. 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, any maturity greater than 12 months.  
Specified Denomination: 
Notes will be in such denominations as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms save that in the case of any Notes which are 
to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the 
European Economic Area or offered to the public in an EEA 
State or the United Kingdom in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation or 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA respectively, in which case the minimum 
specified denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in 
any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes). 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in 
each year specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for 
each Series as follows:  
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 2021

--- Page 14 ---
11 
ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc. or 
 
(ii) screen rate determination by reference to SONIA, SOFR, 
EURIBOR, or other specified reference rate, as adjusted for 
any applicable margin. 
 
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Resettable Notes: 
Resettable Notes will, in respect of an initial period, bear interest 
at a fixed rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Thereafter, 
the fixed rate of interest will be reset on one or more date(s) as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms by reference to the then 
prevailing Mid-Swap Rate, as adjusted for any applicable 
margin, in each case as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes (as defined in “Description of the Notes”) 
may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount to it and 
will not bear interest. 
Interest Periods and Interest Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to 
time or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. The use of interest 
accrual periods permits the Notes to bear interest at different 
rates in the same interest period. All such information will be set 
out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Redemption: 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the basis for calculating 
the redemption amounts payable.  
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will 
state (i) whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their 
stated maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in 
part) and/or the holders and (ii) whether such Notes may be 
redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the option of the Issuer 
(in whole) where the Clean-up Call Minimum Percentage (or 
more) of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes originally 
issued has been redeemed or repurchased and subsequently 
cancelled at the Clean-up Call Option Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms together with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the relevant date fixed for redemption, and if so, in 
each case, the terms applicable to such redemption. 
See “Description of the Notes—Redemption, Repurchase, 
Substitution and Variation—Redemption at Issuer’s Option”, 
“Description 
of 
the 
Notes—Redemption, 
Repurchase, 
Substitution and Variation—Repayment at the Option of the 
Noteholders” and “Description of the Notes—Redemption, 
Repurchase, 
Substitution 
and 
Variation—Clean-up 
Call 
Option”.

--- Page 15 ---
12 
Status of Notes: 
The Senior Notes will constitute unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and Subordinated Notes will constitute 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer, each as described in 
“Description of the Notes—Status of Senior Notes” and 
“Description of the Notes—Status and Subordination of 
Subordinated Notes”. 
Negative Pledge: 
None 
Cross Default: 
None 
Ratings: 
Tranches of Notes will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of 
Notes is to be rated, such rating will be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating agency. 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in “—Optional Redemption” above, Notes 
will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to maturity 
(i) for tax reasons; (ii) upon a Capital Disqualification Event in 
respect of Subordinated Notes; and (iii) upon a Loss Absorption 
Disqualification Event, in respect of Notes except where “Loss 
Absorption Disqualification Event Redemption” is expressly 
specified to be not applicable to such Notes. See “Description of 
the 
Notes—Redemption, 
Repurchase, 
Substitution 
and 
Variation—Redemption for Tax Reasons”, “Description of the 
Notes—Redemption, Repurchase, Substitution and Variation—
Capital Disqualification Event Redemption of Subordinated 
Notes” and “Description of the Notes—Redemption, Repurchase, 
Substitution and Variation—Loss Absorption Disqualification 
Event Redemption of Notes”, respectively. 
Withholding Tax: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will 
be made free and clear of withholding taxes of Ireland, as the 
case may be, unless the withholding is required by law. In such 
event, the Issuer shall, subject to customary exceptions, pay such 
additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholder of 
such amounts as would have been received by it had no such 
withholding been required, all as described in “Description of the 
Notes—Payment of Additional Amounts”.

--- Page 16 ---
13 
Governing Law: 
State of New York, except for (i) the subordination provisions in 
respect of the subordination and ranking of each series of 
Subordinated Notes, (ii) the waiver of set-off provisions of each 
series of Subordinated Notes and, if so specified in each such 
series, of such series of Senior Notes, and (iii) the Irish Statutory 
Loss Absorption provisions shall, in each case, be governed by 
and construed in accordance with the laws of Ireland. See 
“Description of the Notes—Governing Law”. 
By acquiring the Notes each Noteholder acknowledges and 
accepts the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Ireland in 
connection with any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out 
of or based upon the application of any Irish Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers. 
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
Application has been made to list the Notes issued under the 
Programme on the Official List and to admit them to trading on 
Euronext Dublin or as otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and references to listing shall be construed accordingly. 
As specified in the relevant Final Terms, a Series of Notes may 
be unlisted. 
Selling Restrictions: 
The United States, the EEA, the United Kingdom, Ireland, Italy, 
Japan, Canada, Hong Kong and Singapore. See “Plan of 
Distribution”. 
 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S and 
may rely on Rule 144A for sales to QIBs in the United States.

--- Page 17 ---
14 
RISK FACTORS 
Investing in the Notes involves certain risks. If any of the risks described below materialise, the Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations could suffer, and the trading price and liquidity of the 
Notes could decline, in which case an investor may lose some or all of the value of its investment. The Issuer 
believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes issued 
under the Programme, but it may be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with 
Notes for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer based on information 
currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate and the Issuer does not represent 
that the statements below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. 
Words and expressions defined under “Description of the Notes” or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the 
same meanings in this section.  
Macro-economic and Geopolitical Risks 
1 
The Group’s business may be adversely affected by any deterioration in Irish, UK or global 
economic conditions 
The Group’s business activities are almost entirely based in the Irish and UK markets. Deterioration in the 
performance of the Irish economy or in the EU, the UK and/or other relevant economies has the potential to 
affect adversely the Group’s overall financial condition and performance. Such deterioration could result in 
reductions in business activity, lower demand for the Group’s products and services, reduced availability of 
credit, increased funding costs, and decreased asset values, including property prices and an increased risk of 
residential mortgage defaults. 
In relation to residential property, the Central Bank reviewed its mortgage measures framework and decided 
that “targeted changes were appropriate” which entail, inter alia, raising the loan to income limit for first time 
buyers from 3.5 to 4 times gross annual income and raising the loan to value ratio for second time and 
subsequent buyers from 80 percent to 90 percent. The European Central Bank (“ECB”) has raised key interest 
rates by 4.25 percentage points since 2022. Their goal is to bring these rates to a level that will help achieve a 
2% inflation target in the medium term. The rates will be maintained at that level for as long as required. As a 
result, Irish mortgaged households in aggregate have already seen a significant increase in their mortgage 
repayment levels due to the changes in the loan to income rules and the increase in market interest rates. These 
developments are likely to result in higher rates of mortgage arrears by the Group’s customers. 
Ireland is a small open economy which could be adversely affected by a deterioration in UK or global economic 
conditions. Continued inflationary pressures, combined with a slowdown in economic growth and the 
possibility of a recession in the UK or globally, could exacerbate the recent slowdown in economic activity. 
Moreover, changes currently being negotiated at the international level in relation to corporate taxation policy, 
such as the OECD/G20 Inclusive Framework on Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) that have been 
adopted by the Irish legislation in 2023 and UK government, and other tax measures introduced by the US 
government, could also result in the loss of new, and some existing, foreign direct investment. This may also 
lead to lower activity in the wider economy (for example, lower consumer spending, loss of tax revenues, etc.), 
slower growth in new lending and some deterioration in the quality of loan portfolios among Irish banks, 
including AIB (see Risk Factor 3 “The Group may be adversely affected by the budgetary and taxation policies 
of the Irish, UK and other governments through changes in taxation law and policy”). No assurance can be 
given that the Irish economy or the Group’s business, financial condition, operating results and prospects would 
remain immune to any such external adverse developments.

--- Page 18 ---
15 
In the medium to long-run, the negative impact on trade flows, migration and productivity are likely to have 
implications on output in both of the Group’s core markets of Ireland and the UK. The Office for Budget 
Responsibility projects a 4% reduction in the UK’s GDP over a 10-year period due to the UK’s withdrawal from 
the EU. This decrease in economic growth is partially attributed to trade frictions and supply chain disruptions, 
as well as persistent inflationary pressures. The Windsor Framework introduced on March 25, 2023 replaces 
the old protocol with the goal of reducing trade friction. Such uncertainties may adversely affect AIB’s 
operations. 
A deterioration in the economic and market conditions in which the Group operates could negatively impact 
the Group’s income, lead to higher expected credit losses and put additional pressure on the Group to more 
aggressively manage its cost base. This could have negative consequences for the Group to the extent that 
strategic investments are de-scoped or de-prioritised and could increase operational risk. Market conditions are 
also impacted by the competitive environment in which the Group operates. 
2 
Geopolitical developments, particularly in Europe, the United States and elsewhere, could have 
repercussions that could have a negative impact on global economic growth, disrupt markets 
and adversely affect the Group 
Geopolitical developments, in particular related to the Russia/Ukraine conflict, have given rise to significant 
market volatility and are having an adverse impact on global economic activity. Uncertainty regarding the world 
economic outlook is likely to remain elevated in the short to medium term. The confluence of geopolitical risks, 
(see Risk Factor 1 “The Group’s business may be adversely affected by any deterioration in Irish, UK or global 
economic conditions”), together with the increase in sovereign borrowing, necessitated by the fiscal policy 
support measures first introduced during the pandemic and more recently to mitigate the impact of the cost of 
living crisis, have added to pre-existing elevated public debt burdens in many economies. In addition, there was 
an extended period of loose financial conditions and rising asset prices (including residential real estate) with 
record levels of high yield corporate bond issuance and leveraged loans, which could exacerbate the risk of a 
prolonged slowdown.  
The war in Ukraine, along with the potential for additional adverse economic consequences from the conflict, 
as well as recent turbulence in the banking sector, such as that experienced in the US and Swiss bank markets, 
may act as triggers for a reassessment of corporate and sovereign risk by market participants leading to further 
sharp re-pricing of financial assets and a rise in risk premia. A more protracted and severe economic downturn 
than expected, if coupled with higher sovereign borrowing costs, may result in unsustainable public finances in 
some Member States of the Eurozone. Furthermore, the supply chain issues arising from the Russia-Ukraine 
war have pushed up the prices of a broad range of commodities.  
The resulting increase in inflation has led to central banks such as the ECB announcing a series of increases in 
official interest rates over the course of 2022 and to date in 2023 to combat inflationary pressures, and this has 
created further challenges for some of the Group’s customers. Central banks will calibrate the policy response 
to reflect their evolving assessment of the outlook for economic growth. There is a risk that a combination of 
excessive tightening and worse-than-anticipated economic effects from the Russia-Ukraine war (including, 
inter alia, the impact of the extensive sanctions, trade restrictions etc.) precipitates a recession in parts of the 
global economy. More recently, with the problems faced by a number of regional banks (e.g., Silicon Valley 
Bank) in the US and Credit Suisse in Switzerland, there is also a risk of contagion effects spilling over into the 
wider banking sector leading to a marked tightening of financial conditions.  
Since the start of 2022, the military conflict between the Russian Federation and Ukraine has contributed to 
increases in the prices of energy, oil and other commodities and to volatility in global financial markets, as well 
as a new landscape in relation to international sanctions. The Group continues to closely monitor the situation 
in Ukraine and the potential impact it may have on the Group’s business. The Group has negligible direct credit

--- Page 19 ---
16 
exposure to Ukraine, Russia or Belarus and is closely monitoring payment flows. Risk assessments of the 
impacts on the Group has identified the key risks as being the implementation of complex sanctions regimes in 
the Group’s operations, the potential for an increase in cyberattacks and financial and market risks arising from 
volatility in asset values, interest rates or foreign exchange markets.  
In addition, the emergence of anti-EU and anti-establishment political parties and a rise in separatist and 
protectionist sentiment across the EU may also give rise to further political instability and uncertainty. Brexit 
has also resulted in significant volatility within the European political environment.  
The stability of the power-sharing executive (the “Executive”) in Northern Ireland has been severely tested. 
Following disagreement regarding the implementation of the Northern Ireland Protocol (the “Protocol”), the 
resignation of the First Minister (and the automatic departure of the Deputy First Minister) on 3 February 2022 
means that the Executive can no longer meet and is unable to take significant policy decisions. Following the 
Northern Ireland Assembly election on 5 May 2022, the Assembly has been unable to reconvene due to failure 
to nominate a first and deputy first minister.  
In February 2023, a new trade agreement, the “Windsor Framework”, was struck by the EU and UK, which 
replaces the old Protocol and provides a new legal and UK constitutional framework. Although the UK 
parliament and EU have formally signed off on the Windsor Framework deal, the DUP have voted against a 
key element of it. The DUP has made clear its ongoing boycott of power-sharing will continue until it secures 
further assurances over concerns around sovereignty and the application of EU law in Norther Ireland.  
Trade tensions, which have also been building in recent years, have risen further lately, in particular between 
the US and China. There is a risk that these developments could prompt a further shift away from globalisation. 
A greater focus on more secure local supply chains remains a risk in the medium-term. As Ireland is a highly 
open economy, with exports and imports comprising a very large proportion of GDP, economic activity could 
be adversely affected, with knock-on effects on the Group’s financial performance and profitability.  
The aforementioned geopolitical developments as well as any further developments may adversely affect global 
economic growth, heighten trading tensions and disrupt markets, which could in turn have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  
3 
The Group may be adversely affected by the budgetary and taxation policies of the Irish, UK 
and other governments through changes in taxation law and policy 
Changes in taxation policy and other tax measures adopted by the Irish or UK Governments, or by international 
organisations such as the EU, may have an adverse impact on economic activity generally, or on borrowers’ 
ability to repay their loans which may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of 
operations, financial condition and prospects. For example, the financial performance of the Group may be 
adversely affected by taxation measures introduced by the Irish Government, such as a change in the current 
Irish corporation tax rate of 12.5 per cent. As a result of financial support measures in response to the COVID-
19 pandemic, governments may consider future changes to budgetary and taxation policies to address the 
increased burden on public finances, which may have an adverse impact on future economic activity and the 
Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. For example, the UK Finance Act 
2021 increased the UK corporation tax rate from 19 per cent. to 25 per cent. with effect from 1 April 2023. 
Changes in Irish and UK taxation will arise from the OECD Base Erosion and Profits Shifting (“BEPS”) project. 
In December 2021, as part of the BEPS project, the OECD published model rules for a global minimum 
effective corporation tax rate of 15 per cent. (“Pillar Two”) and in December 2022 the EU Commission adopted 
a directive setting out how Pillar Two should be applied within the EU. The Irish Department of Finance has 
held a public consultation and has confirmed that it intends to legislate for Pillar Two in the 2023 Finance Bill.

--- Page 20 ---
17 
Significant uncertainties remain in relation to this proposed regime. If it comes into effect, it may result in an 
increase in the Group’s effective tax rate. 
International initiatives in recent years could have impacts on economic activity generally. For example, the 
various international initiatives in relation to the taxation of the digital economy and Pillar Two, if enacted could 
have a significant impact on a number of companies with a large presence in Ireland. These and any other 
similar actions could result in companies relocating from Ireland or deciding to invest in other jurisdictions, 
which could have an adverse impact on the Irish economy and, as a result, on the Group’s business. 
Changes in tax legislation or the interpretation of such legislation, regulatory requirements, accounting 
standards or practices of relevant authorities could also adversely affect the basis for recognition of the value 
of deferred tax assets. In the UK, for instance, legislation was introduced in 2015 and 2016 to restrict the 
proportion of a bank’s taxable profit that can be offset by certain carried forward losses to 50 per cent. and to 
25 per cent., respectively. If similar legislation were to be introduced in Ireland, this could have a further adverse 
impact on the value of the Group’s deferred tax assets, which could adversely affect the Group’s business, 
results of operations, financial condition and prospects. Amendments to IAS 12 Income Taxes have been 
adopted, introducing a mandatory temporary exception to the usual requirement for accounting for deferred tax, 
specifically regarding taxes arising under Pillar Two. For so long as this temporary exception remains 
applicable, Pillar Two will have no impact on the value of the Group’s deferred tax assets. As at 30 June 2023, 
the Group had €2.927 billion of net deferred tax assets on its statement of financial position, substantially all of 
which related to unused tax losses.  
Risks relating to business  
4 
The Group has a material level of criticised loans and non-performing exposures on its 
statement of financial position and there can be no assurance that it will continue to be 
successful in reducing the level of these loans. The management of criticised loans and non-
performing exposures also gives rise to risks, including the vulnerability to challenge by 
customers and/or third parties, re-default, changes in the regulatory regime, further losses, 
costs and the diversion of management attention and other resources from the Group’s 
business  
The Group has a material level of criticised loans and non-performing exposures (“NPEs”), which are defined 
as loans requiring additional management attention over and above that normally required for the loan type. 
Criticised loans are accounts of lower quality and include “criticised watch” and “criticised recovery”, and 
NPEs are accounts which have defaulted. As at 30 June 2023, total criticised loans amounted to €3.6 billion, of 
which €2.4 billion were “criticised watch” and €1.2 billion were “criticised recovery” (31 December 2022: 
€3.95 billion, of which €1.94 billion were “criticised watch” and €2.01 billion were “criticised recovery”). In 
addition, the Group had a further €2.1 billion in NPEs on its balance sheet representing 3.3 per cent. of total 
gross loans to customers, compared to €2.2 billion as at 31 December 2022 (3.5 per cent. of total gross loans to 
customers). The Group remains on track to achieve its 3 per cent. target of total gross loans to customers by the 
end of 2023. Although the ‘criticised watch’ portfolio increased by €0.5 billion, this increase was influenced by 
the ‘criticised recovery’ portfolio which decreased by €0.8 billion due to the upgrading of customers, 
predominately in the non-property business portfolio exiting forbearance measures. The credit quality of the 
total portfolio has remained robust. However, emerging stress from current inflationary pressures and rising 
interest rates is manifesting in an increase in Stage 2 migration by €2.2 billion. The increase in Stage 2 loans 
was driven by the property and construction portfolio following the €1.1 billion transfer from Stage 1 to 2 
primarily due to loans triggering a qualitative significant increase in credit risk during the period due to 
economic conditions. A further €1.6 billion of commercial investment exposures (predominately commercial

--- Page 21 ---
18 
investment – offices) also transferred to Stage 2. The Group’s proactive and forward-looking credit management 
approach to this sector stems from changes in market dynamics due to increased interest rates and stressing 
asset values where a potential interest cover breach under stress could occur or where loans are unlikely to meet 
business as usual refinance terms.  
The Group’s total NPE portfolio (inclusive of NPE on loans measured at amortised cost and loans measured at 
fair value through profit or loss) can be further split between legacy and non-legacy NPEs. Exposures that 
entered into default prior to 31 December 2018 amount to €0.2 billion or 0.3 per cent. of total gross loans and 
advances to customers (31 December 2022: €0.2 billion or 0.4 per cent.) and are classified as legacy. The 
remaining balances relate to exposures which may form part of alternative recovery strategies. Exposures that 
have defaulted after 31 December 2018 amount to €1.9 billion or 3.0 per cent. of total gross loans and advances 
to customers (31 December 2022: €1.9 billion or 3.1 per cent.) and are classified as non-legacy.  
Further NPE reduction continues to remain a priority of the Group given the impact of holding NPEs has on 
the Group’s costs, capital requirements and balance sheet resilience. NPEs are defined by the EBA to include 
material exposures which are more than 90 days past due and/or exposures in respect of which the debtor is 
assessed as unlikely to pay its credit obligations in full without realisation of collateral, regardless of the 
existence of any past due amount or the number of days the exposure is past due. 
The Group has been proactive in managing its criticised loans and NPEs, in particular through restructuring 
activities and the Mortgage Arrears Resolution Process that was introduced in order to comply with the Central 
Bank’s Code of Conduct on Mortgage Arrears. The management of criticised loans and NPEs also gives rise to 
risks, including the protracted resolution of NPEs, increased levels of re-default, and the diversion of 
management attention and other resources from the business. Any of the foregoing risks could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. While the Group has made 
significant progress in reducing the level of NPEs, the impact of the volatility in economic conditions will 
continue to be closely monitored throughout 2023 and beyond. The macroeconomic outlook for 2023 and 2024 
remains challenging, due to inflationary pressures and rising interest rates. As a result, there can be no assurance 
that the Group will continue to be successful in reducing the level of its criticised loans and NPEs. 
5 
The Group is subject to credit risks in respect of customers and counterparties, including risks 
arising due to concentration of exposures across its loan book, and any failure to manage these 
risks effectively could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results 
of operations and prospects  
Risks arising from changes in credit quality and the recoverability of loans and other amounts due from 
customers and counterparties are inherent in a wide range of the Group’s businesses. In addition to the credit 
exposures arising from loans to individuals, small and medium size enterprises (“SMEs”) and corporates, the 
Group also has exposure to credit risk arising from loans to financial institutions, its trading portfolio, 
investment securities, derivatives and from off-balance sheet guarantees and commitments including potential 
obligations due to membership of AIB under certain card schemes. Due to the nature of its business, the Group 
has extensive exposure to the Irish property market, both because of its mortgage lending activities and its 
property and construction loan book. Accordingly, any development that adversely affects the Irish property 
market could have a significant impact on the Group. 
As at 30 June 2023, based on geographic concentration of gross loans and advances to customers, 79 per cent. 
of the Group’s loans and advances to customers were in the Republic of Ireland, 14 per cent. in the UK and 7 
per cent. in other jurisdictions. Also, as at 30 June 2023, residential mortgages represented 49 per cent. of gross 
loans (i.e., loans comprising of all capital outstanding and interest accrued prior to the deduction of impairment 
charges) and advances to customers.

--- Page 22 ---
19 
The Group’s monitoring of its loan portfolio is dependent on the effectiveness, and efficient operation, of its 
processes including credit grading and scoring systems and there is a risk that these systems and processes may 
not be effective in evaluating credit quality. If the Group is unable to manage its credit risk effectively, its 
business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects could be materially adversely affected. 
6 
Loan-to-value (“LTV”)/Loan-to-income (“LTI”) related regulatory restrictions on residential 
mortgage lending may restrict the Group’s mortgage lending activities and balance sheet 
growth generally 
In 2015, the Central Bank imposed residential mortgage restrictions on Irish residential mortgage lending, under 
the LTV/LTI Regulations, which include LTV rules which set a minimum deposit requirement for the purchase 
of property, and LTI rules which set a maximum residential mortgage value which could be borrowed, measured 
against the borrower’s gross salary. Specific LTV and LTI limits were introduced for purchasers of their 
principal dwelling home including separate rules for first-time buyers, as well as those purchasing Buy-to-Let 
properties. These macro-prudential measures are subject to annual review by the Central Bank. The Group was 
compliant across all LTV and LTI regulatory limits in 2022. Following the Central Bank of Ireland’s release of 
the Mortgage Measures Framework Review, some significant changes came into effect on 1 January 2023, 
including an increase in borrowing limits to four times LTI for first time buyers and to 90 percent LTV for 
second time and subsequent buyers. Uptake was initially slow with first time buyers, but following a recent 5 
per cent. decrease in the net disposable income limit (effective May 2023), there has been a gradual increase in 
interest. Uptake has been strong with second time buyers across the Group from the outset. 
The Group’s risk appetite has continued to evolve, particularly as a result of the increasing inflationary 
environment and rising interest rates. This has resulted in tightened credit management relating to net disposable 
income parameters within the Group’s Credit Policy. The Group will ensure regulatory compliance with Central 
Bank macro-prudential limits, by prioritising consistent and fair customer outcomes over maximising the usage 
of these limits. 
The Group needs to ensure that it dedicates sufficient resources, and has the necessary procedures and controls 
in place, to ensure that the exception levels permitted under the regulations are monitored and not breached. 
These restrictions may adversely affect the level of new mortgage lending the Group can undertake and the 
costs of administering its residential mortgage lending, and hence may have a material adverse effect on its 
business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
7 
Capital implications to ensure minimum coverage levels on long term NPE exposures due to 
ECB guidance may continue to negatively impact the Group’s financial condition 
The ECB published guidance to banks on NPEs in March 2017. The ECB’s objective in issuing the guidance 
was to drive strategic and operational focus on the reduction of NPEs, together with further harmonisation and 
common definitions of NPEs and forbearance measures. The ECB published the “Addendum to the ECB 
Guidance to banks on non-performing exposures: supervisory expectations for prudential provisioning of non-
performing exposures” in March 2018, which proposed the phasing in of stricter provisioning or capital 
guidance in any future Group Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (“SREP”) if the Group does not 
continue to execute its NPEs deleveraging strategy. On 4 April 2019, the European Council adopted a 
“prudential backstop” for NPEs complementing the existing prudential rules (which was subsequently revised 
in August 2019). The purpose of this requirement is to ensure sufficient coverage for NPEs which could require 
the Group to have higher provision coverage for NPEs in the future or make a deduction from own funds and 
given the quantum of NPEs currently on the Group’s balance sheet this could have a material impact on the 
financial condition or results of operations. As a result of the SREP guidance, the Group incurred a €92 million 
CET1 deduction at 30 June 2023 (31 December 2022: €115 million) which reflects the difference between the 
SREP recommended minimum coverage levels on long term NPE exposures and the International Financial

--- Page 23 ---
20 
Reporting Standard (“IFRS”) 9 ECL NPE cover. Continued delivery of the Group’s NPE strategy is key to 
minimising the impact on capital for the remainder of 2023. 
8 
The Group is exposed to climate and environmental risks that impact its customers, such as 
extreme weather events and the transition to a low carbon economy 
Climate and environmental risk impact in terms of the increasing incidence of extreme and unseasonal weather 
conditions may impact certain sectors in the short-term, for example, the agricultural sector. The impact of a 
longer-term transition to a low carbon economy may also have a significant impact on certain sectors (for 
example extraction industry sectors such as oil, gas and mining). The Group continues to adapt its credit risk 
management processes and policies to capture environmental, social, and governance (“ESG”) risks, including 
key steps taken such as a heat mapping exercise to scale individual sub-sector exposures to levels of climate 
change and environmental risks. 
In addition to the impact on other risks, climate and environmental risks have become more prominent due to 
the changing nature of shareholder and societal expectations, the pace and volume of regulatory developments, 
together with the complex interplay between physical and transition risks. 
The Group currently has limited exposure to what would be considered “carbon intensive sectors” within the 
exploration and extraction sectors. However, the impact of climate change on the Group’s overall portfolio 
continues to be closely monitored and garners elevated prominence within the Group. Future impacts could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition or results of operations.  
9 
The Group may have insufficient capital to meet increased minimum regulatory requirements 
or to support its business, which could negatively impact its business, results of operations, 
financial condition or prospects 
The Group aims at all times to comply with all regulatory capital requirements and to ensure that it has sufficient 
capital to cover the current and future risk inherent in their business and to support its future development. 
Failure to maintain adequate levels of capital and meet minimum regulatory requirements may threaten the 
viability of the Group and may trigger actions by management under management’s recovery plan for the 
purposes of the Banking Recovery and Resolution Directive (Directive 2014/59/EU as amended by way of 
Directive (EU) 2019/879 (“BRRD II”) (as so amended, the “BRRD”)) or the resolution authority (under relevant 
provisions of the BRRD) to restore the Group to viability which may impact the Group’s operations and/or 
results from financial operations. A lack of sufficient capital to conduct its business activities or meet its 
minimum capital requirements could ultimately lead to the resolution and/or insolvency of the Group. 
The Group is subject to minimum capital requirements as set out in Capital Requirements Directive IV 
(Directive 2013/36/EU) (“CRD IV”), the Capital Requirements Directive V (Directive (EU) 2019/878) (“CRD 
V”), which includes amendments to CRD IV (as so amended, “CRD”), and implemented under the Single 
Supervisory Mechanism (“SSM”). AIB’s minimum capital requirement is currently set at 15.32 per cent. at 30 
June 2023, comprising a Pillar 1 requirement of 8.00 per cent., Pillar 2 requirement of 2.75 per cent. (of which 
1.55 per cent. must be held in Common Equity Tier 1 (“CET1”)), a Capital Conservation Buffer of 2.50 per 
cent., an Other Systemically Important Institutions (“O-SII”) buffer of 1.50 per cent. and a Countercyclical 
Capital Buffer (“CCyB”) of 0.56 per cent. In addition, increases in the CCyB have been announced in both the 
UK and ROI. In the UK, a rate of 2 per cent (equating to an estimated 0.40 per cent Group requirement) will 
apply from July 2023. In ROI, a rate of 0.5 per cent. has applied since 15 June 2023 (0.35 per cent. Group 
requirement) and will rise to 1 per cent. (0.7 per cent. Group requirement) in November 2023 while the Central 
Bank of Ireland has advised a full reintroduction at 1.5 per cent (equating to an estimated 1.05 per cent. Group 
requirement) will be effective in June 2024.

--- Page 24 ---
21 
As a result of these and other regulatory requirements, banks in the EU have been, and could continue to be, 
required to increase the quantity and the quality of their regulatory capital. Regulators in other jurisdictions may 
in future increase CCyB or other buffer requirements on banks, such as a systemic risk buffer.  
Given this regulatory context and the levels of uncertainty in the current economic environment, there is a 
possibility that the economic results over the Group’s capital planning period may be materially worse than 
expected and/or that losses on the Group’s credit portfolio may be above forecast levels. Were such losses to be 
significantly greater than currently forecast, or capital requirements for other material risks, such as operating 
or financial risks, to increase significantly, there is a risk that the Group’s capital position could be eroded to 
the extent that it would have insufficient capital to meet all or some of its regulatory requirements and 
expectations and to support the current and future risk inherent in its business and its future development. 
In addition to the minimum capital requirements as set out in CRD, the Group’s capital position may also be 
impacted by other regulatory processes, such as the redevelopment of internal ratings based (“IRB”) models 
and calendar provisioning which is a SREP recommendation to ensure minimum coverage levels on long term 
NPEs. The difference between the SREP recommended coverage levels and the IFRS 9 ECL coverage was 
taken as a CET1 deduction of €92 million as at June 2023.  
10 Constraints on the Group’s access to liquidity and funding, including a loss of confidence by 
depositors or curtailed access to wholesale funding markets, may result in the Group being 
required to seek alternative sources of funding markets and/or may result in the Group not 
being able to meet its obligations as they fall due without incurring unacceptable costs and 
being required to seek alternative sources of funding 
Financial/macro-economic/geopolitical volatility is a key risk driver as a negative macro-economic 
environment can lead to market instability and increased liquidity and funding risk. Consequently, the Group’s 
ability to monetise assets (marketable and non-marketable assets) without incurring a loss could be 
compromised amid the market volatility that would exist against such a backdrop.  
The Group could be negatively affected by actual or perceived deterioration in the soundness of other financial 
institutions and counterparties. This risk is sometimes referred to as “systemic risk” and may adversely affect 
financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, industry payment systems, clearing houses, banks, securities 
firms and exchanges with whom the Group interacts on a daily basis. This could impact the Group’s ability to 
meet its intraday liquidity requirements as the failure of a market participant to meet its payment, clearing, and 
settlement obligations can have a material impact on connected counterparties, and ultimately lead to systemic 
disruption. 
Conditions may arise which would constrain liquidity or funding opportunities for the Group on commercially 
practicable terms over the longer term. Currently, the Group funds its lending activities primarily from customer 
accounts. Consequently, a loss of confidence by depositors in the Group, the Irish banking industry or the Irish 
economy, could ultimately lead to a reduction in the availability and/or increase in the cost of funding or 
liquidity resources. This could impact the Group’s ability to have the necessary resources in place to fund net 
outflows in the major currencies in which it operates which in turn would put added pressure on cross currency 
funding. 
The Group’s funding ratios remain above regulatory minimums (LCR of 164 per cent. and net stable funding 
ratio of 158 per cent.). In addition, the Group’s loan to deposit ratio was 59 per cent. at the end of June 2023. 
Concerns around inflation, a slowdown in economic growth, expectations around further tightening of monetary 
policy, debt sustainability and sovereign downgrades in the Eurozone could impact the Group’s deposit base 
and could impede access to wholesale funding markets, adversely impacting the ability of the Group to issue 
debt securities or regulatory capital instruments to the market. Furthermore, execution risk in respect of the

--- Page 25 ---
22 
Group’s MREL issuance plan may arise in light of unexpected market volatility. The Group’s plans for MREL 
issuance continue to be reviewed to align to the regulatory requirements regarding the BRRD. In November 
2022, the Single Resolution Board (“SRB”) determined the MREL for the Group on a consolidated basis at the 
level of its resolution group as 24.32 per cent. of total risk exposure amount (“TREA”) and 7.60 per cent. of 
Leverage Ratio Exposure (“LRE”), to be met by 1 January 2024. This requirement, including the combined 
buffer, is estimated to be 29.4 per cent. by 1 January 2024. As at 30 June 2023, the Group had an actual MREL 
ratio of 31.4 per cent. of TREA, which is in excess of its 1 January 2024 binding target (the Group’s current 
MREL ratio based on LRE of 13.3 per cent is also in excess of the Group’s 1 January 2024 requirement).  
Like all major financial institutions, the Group is also dependent on the short- and long-term wholesale funding 
markets for liquidity. A stable and sustainable customer deposit base has allowed the Group to reduce its 
wholesale funding requirements over the last several years. This, in turn, has facilitated an increase in the 
Group’s unencumbered assets. The Group recognises the restrictions on the transfer of liquidity between 
jurisdictions and separately monitors asset encumbrance by jurisdiction. The Group has also identified certain 
management and mitigating actions which could be considered on the occurrence of a liquidity stress event. 
However, in the unlikely event that the Group exhausted these sources of liquidity it would be necessary to seek 
alternative sources of funding from monetary authorities. 
Financial institutions are still at an early stage of use of big data, machine learning and blockchain technology. 
There is a risk that developments in the FinTech space and Open Banking could create increased competition 
for new business and could challenge the Group’s ability to retain existing customers. This could impact the 
Group’s ability to maintain pace in its digital services offering to customers and could ultimately lead to a 
reduction in the availability and/or increase in the cost of funding or liquidity resources. 
Unexpected events such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine could lead to a material cut in global 
economic growth. This could lead to a negative impact on supply chains, commodities and a drop in tourism. 
Consequently, market confidence may falter and this could lead to a reduction in liquidity resources and a loss 
in liquidity value of marketable assets.  
The Group is required to comply with the liquidity requirements of the SSM/Central Bank and also with the 
requirements of local regulators in jurisdictions in which it operates.  
Additional liquidity requirements or guidance and other requirements, whether based on an interpretation of 
current rules or the application of new rules or guidance being proposed by EU legislators, could be imposed 
on the Group, including as a result of the SREP carried out under the SSM or stress testing by the ECB and the 
EBA. Such additional requirements could include a revision of the level of Pillar 2 add-ons as the Pillar 2 add-
on requirements or guidance are a point-in-time assessment and therefore subject to change over time, or 
changes to the combined buffer requirements applicable. Additional liquidity requirements could lead to 
increased costs for the Group, limitations on the Group’s capacity to lend and further restructuring of the Group 
which could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and/or 
prospects of the Group. 
11 Downgrades to the Issuer’s, Ireland’s sovereign or other Irish bank credit ratings or outlook 
could impair the Issuer’s access to private sector funding, trigger additional collateral 
requirements and weaken its financial position 
If sentiment towards financial institutions operating in Ireland, including the Group, were to deteriorate, or if 
the Group’s ratings and/or the ratings of the sector were to be adversely affected, this may have a materially 
adverse impact on the Group. In addition, any such change in sentiment or further reduction in ratings could 
result in an increase in the costs of, and a reduction in the availability of, wholesale market funding across the

--- Page 26 ---
23 
financial sector which could have a material adverse effect on the liquidity and funding of all Irish financial 
services institutions, including the Group. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s long-term senior unsecured debt is rated BBB (stable outlook) 
by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) (from June 2023) and A3 (stable outlook) by Moody’s 
Investors Service Limited (“Moody’s”) (from May 2022). S&P is registered in accordance with Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating 
agencies (as amended, the “EU CRA Regulation”). Moody’s is not established in the European Union but the 
credit ratings assigned by Moody’s are endorsed by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH, which is established in the 
European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation. 
Any declines in those aspects of the Group’s business identified by the rating agencies as significant could 
adversely affect the rating agencies’ perception of the Group’s credit and cause them to take negative ratings 
actions. Any downgrade in the Group’s credit ratings could: 
 
adversely impact the volume and pricing of its wholesale funding and its financial position; 
 
trigger material collateral requirements or associated obligations in other secured funding 
arrangements or derivative contracts; 
 
make ineligible or lower the liquidity value of pledged securities and weaken the Group’s competitive 
position in certain markets; 
 
restrict its access to the debt capital and funding markets; and 
 
restrict the range of counterparties willing to enter into transactions with it. 
Furthermore, as a consequence of the Group’s operations being focused on the Irish market, any downgrade of 
Ireland’s sovereign credit rating or the perception that such a downgrade may occur, would be likely to depress 
consumer confidence, impair the Group’s access to private sector funding, increase its cost of funding and 
weaken the Group’s financial position. In addition, instability within global financial markets might lead to 
instability in Ireland, which could have a materially adverse impact on the Group’s performance. 
12 The Group faces risks associated with the level of, and changes in, interest rates, as well as 
certain other market risks 
The following market risks arise in the normal course of the Group’s banking business: interest rate risk, credit 
spread risk (including sovereign credit spread risk), foreign exchange rate risk, equity risk and inflation risk. 
Unexpected events such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine can significantly increase market volatility 
which may impact and increase the likelihood and effect of any or all of these risks. Such events typically result 
in a withdrawal of market liquidity and an increase in risk aversion which may result in sharp falls in the prices 
of assets such as equity and fixed income securities and may lead to capital losses on the Group’s trading book 
and through its fair-valued investment securities in its banking book. The Group’s earnings are exposed to 
interest rate risk including basis risk, i.e. an imperfect correlation in the adjustment of the rates earned and paid 
on different products with otherwise similar repricing characteristics. Elevated inflation can affect the 
affordability of the Group’s products to customers in this way. For example, the announcements from the ECB 
to raise interest rates in 2023 due to inflation (with potentially further increases) could lead to an increase in 
default or re-default rates among customers with variable rate obligations without sufficient improvements in 
customers’ earning levels. Widening credit spreads could adversely impact the value of the Group’s hold-to-
collect-and-sell bond positions.

--- Page 27 ---
24 
Trading book risks predominantly result from supporting client businesses with small residual discretionary 
positions remaining. Credit valuation adjustment and funding valuation adjustments to derivative valuations 
arising from customer activity have potentially the largest trading book derived impact on earnings. 
Changes in foreign exchange rates, particularly the euro-sterling rate, affect the value of assets and liabilities 
denominated in foreign currency and the reported earnings of the Group’s non-Irish subsidiaries. Any failure to 
manage market risks to which the Group is exposed could have a material adverse effect on its business, 
financial conditions and prospects. 
13 The Group’s strategy may not be optimal and/or successfully implemented which may 
negatively affect the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects 
The Group reviewed its strategy during 2020 and presented the outcome of its review to the market in December 
2020. Updated medium-term targets were communicated to the market in December 2022. The Group’s strategy 
may also prove to be based on flawed assumptions regarding the pace and direction of future change across the 
banking sector. The additional demands on the Group’s business to manage the impact of customers that have 
migrated to AIB due to the exits of KBC and Ulster Bank from the Irish market, may have a more detrimental 
impact on the Group’s resources and ability to implement its strategic objectives than currently assumed, 
including the integration of acquired businesses and/or loan portfolios. Finally, the Group may not be successful 
in implementing its strategy in a cost-effective manner. The Group’s business, results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects could be materially adversely affected if any or all of these strategy-related risks were 
to materialise. 
The Group primarily operates in competitive markets in Ireland and the UK, with market share and associated 
profits depending on a combination of factors including product range, quality and pricing, reputation, brand 
performance and relative sales and distribution strength, among others. 
Medium-term competitive risks include, but are not limited to: 
 
more intense price-based competition from incumbent providers; 
 
an increase in the use of intermediaries in the residential mortgage market; 
 
the emergence of new, lower-cost, competitors in the Irish residential mortgage market, particularly new 
entrants from the FinTech sector; 
 
sustained disintermediation of traditional banks, including the Group, from specialist and generalist 
product lines; 
 
the internationalisation of supply and demand for low-complexity products such as deposits; 
 
the successful establishment of virtual banks; and 
 
the introduction of Directive (EU) 2015/2366 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 25 
November 2015 on payment services in the internal market, which may enable the emergence of 
payment aggregators, which could in turn significantly reduce the relevance of traditional bank platforms 
and weaken brand relationships. 
In addition, the Central Bank is focused on the promotion of higher levels of competitive intensity in the banking 
market, in common with regulators in other European jurisdictions. The entry of bank and non-bank competitors 
into the Group’s markets may put additional pressure on the Group’s income streams and/or result in pressure 
to maintain market share, which may lead to reduced pricing and/or increased credit risk, which could have a 
negative impact on the asset quality of the Group’s loan portfolios.

--- Page 28 ---
25 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group has returned to majority private ownership with a free-float 
of 53.1% following a directed buyback, a share placement through an accelerated book-building process with 
institutional investors and disposals as part of a pre-arranged trading plan. The Irish State’s shareholding now 
stands at 46.9%, which is below 50.0%. The Minister for Finance has announced an intention to further sell 
down the Irish State’s shareholding, and, as such, the Irish State’s shareholding percentage is subject to frequent 
change. Through the AIB Relationship Framework which governs the Group’s day to day engagement with the 
Irish State as a shareholder, the Irish State could exert a significant level of influence over the Group. Under 
the AIB Relationship Framework, while the authority and responsibility for strategy and commercial policies 
(including business plans and budgets) and the conduct of the Group’s day-to-day operations rests in all cases 
with the AIB Board and its management team, AIB Group plc, and, where relevant, Allied Irish Banks, p.l.c. 
(“AIB Bank”) are required, in connection with certain specified aspects of the Group’s activities, to consult 
with the Irish State. The AIB Relationship Framework also grants the Irish State the right, at all times, to 
nominate up to two non-executive directors for appointment to the AIB Board. 
The composition of the Irish Government is subject to change depending on the ability of the Irish Government 
to arrive at and maintain an agreed position on its programme, policies and actions, the outcome of elections 
for the Oireachtas (being the Irish legislature) and support by the Oireachtas for that programme and those 
policies and actions. Such changes in Irish Government policy may include changes to AIB’s Relationship 
Framework, which could result in a change in Group strategy directly or negatively affect its implementation. 
See also Risk Factor 3 “—The Group may be adversely affected by the budgetary and taxation policies of the 
Irish, UK and other governments through changes in taxation law and policy” on risks to the Group posed by 
changes in government budgetary and taxation policy.  
14 Damage to the Group’s brand or reputation could adversely affect its relationships with 
customers, staff, shareholders and regulators, and negatively impact the Group’s business, 
results of operations, financial condition or prospects 
Damage to the Group’s brand or reputation could adversely affect its relationships with customers, staff, 
shareholders and regulators, which may impact on its ability to attract and retain customers and conduct 
business with counterparties. The Group’s relationships with such stakeholders could be adversely affected by 
any circumstance that causes real or perceived damage to the Group’s brands or reputation. In particular, any 
regulatory investigations, inquiries, litigation, actual or perceived misconduct or poor market practice in relation 
to customer-related issues could damage the Group’s brands and/or reputation. Any damage to the Group’s 
brand and/or reputation could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, 
financial conditions or prospects. 
Governance, Operations and Internal Controls 
 
15 The Group may be subject to privacy or data protection failures, cybercrime and fraudulent 
activity in relation to relevant data subject (i.e. customer) personal data, which could result in 
investigations by regulators, liability to data subjects and/or reputational damage, which could 
negatively impact the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects 
The Group processes significant volumes of customer personal data relating to relevant data subjects (including 
name, address, identification and banking details) as part of its business, some of which may also be classified 
under legislation as special category personal data. The Group therefore must comply with strict data protection 
and privacy laws and regulations, including the European Communities (Electronic Communications Networks 
and Services) (Privacy and Electronic Communications) Regulations 2011, as amended (the “ePrivacy 
Regulations”), Regulation 2016/679 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of

--- Page 29 ---
26 
personal data and on the free movement of such data (the “GDPR”) and the Data Protection Act 2018, as 
amended. The GDPR introduced substantial changes to data protection law, including an increased emphasis 
on businesses being able to demonstrate compliance with their data protection obligations, which required 
significant investment by the Group in its compliance strategies. In addition, relevant supervisory authorities 
are given the power to issue fines of up to 4 per cent. of an undertaking’s annual global group turnover or €20 
million (whichever is the greater) for failure to comply with certain provisions of the GDPR. The Presidency 
of the Council of the European Union released revised text of the proposed new ePrivacy Regulation 
(Regulation concerning the Respect for Private Life and the Protection of Personal Data in Electronic 
Communications and Repealing Directive 2002/58/EC (Regulation on Privacy and Electronic 
Communications)) on 6 March 2020.  
The Group also faces the risk of a breach in security of its systems, for example, from increasingly sophisticated 
attacks by cybercrime groups. The Group’s data protection policy is part of the Compliance Risk Management 
Framework and defines the Group’s approach to the effective management of its data protection risks. The 
policy aims to ensure that the Group complies with the spirit and the letter of all laws, codes and regulations 
that apply to the Group in relation to data protection and privacy laws. This policy applies to all staff, 
contractors, consultants, agents or other third parties which have access to personal data either directly or 
indirectly, in the capacity of a data controller and/or data processor. In addition, the Group continues to enhance 
security measures to help prevent cybercrime. Notwithstanding such efforts, the Group is exposed to the risk 
that relevant data subject personal data could be wrongfully appropriated, lost or disclosed, stolen or processed 
in breach of data protection and privacy laws and regulations including as a result of human error.  
The Group relies on remote access services through the internet, or otherwise, by relevant data subjects 
including customers, employees and third-party service providers, and these services have seen increased use 
as a result of hybrid working arrangements. Failure of any of the foregoing parties to access the Group’s systems 
on a systemic or large-scale basis could impact the Group’s ability to operate. Remote access also increases 
inherent exposure to cybercrime, systems compromises or information leaks, in spite of any information 
security technology, protocols, policies or other controls which may be in place. 
Any of the abovementioned events could result in the loss for the Group of the goodwill of its customers and 
deter new customers from availing of the services and products provided by the Group, which could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operation and prospects. 
16 The Group faces operational risks – including information technology, cyber, change, 
continuity management, outsourcing and cloud computing, products, and property protection 
and insurance risks, which could negatively impact the Group’s business, results of operations, 
financial condition or prospects 
Operational risk is the risk arising from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems, or from 
external events. This includes legal risk but excludes strategic and reputational risk. 
Examples of the types of risks that the Group faces in this regard include, but are not limited to: 
Change & Transformation Risk: The Group’s strategy drives change across the organisation. It is critical that 
this change, and the risks, including transformation risk, associated with it, is managed in a consistent, effective 
and appropriate manner. It is essential that not only the risks within a programme or project to implement change 
are considered, but also the risks that the change may introduce to the wider operational risk profile, both during 
and after the lifecycle of the change. A lack of a strategic, coordinated and comprehensive approach to managing 
change could lead to significant business disruption, customer detriment, financial loss and/or reputational 
damage.

--- Page 30 ---
27 
Continuity & Operational Resilience Risk: The risk that vital or critical business services operated by, or on 
behalf of the Group, cannot be maintained or recovered in a timely fashion, due to a disruption event. This could 
have an adverse effect on the Group’s ability to deliver appropriate services to customers, threaten the stability 
and viability of the Group or orderly operation of the financial system and financial markets.  
The Group is implementing a new model to manage operational resilience risk to align with the Financial 
Conduct Authority’s Operational Resilience rules and guidelines in the UK and the Central Bank Cross Industry 
Guidance on Operational Resilience in Ireland. 
Physical Safety & Property Risk: The Group’s provision of products and services are dependent on staff and 
property infrastructure. The current or prospective risk of the loss or damage to the Group’s property assets as 
well as the safety of staff and customers could affect the performance of these services, thereby negatively 
impacting its business, financial condition or prospects. For example, the Group is reliant on its branch network 
to distribute its products and a small number of key locations provide back-office services. Damage to any of 
these properties could impact the Group’s business or result in additional financial costs. 
The Group has made a number of changes to how staff and property infrastructure are managed, including the 
introduction of a hybrid working model for the majority of staff and buildings being suitably configured in line 
with Government guidelines. If the hybrid working model is not managed appropriately, it could lead to 
disengagement of staff from on-going activities, ultimately resulting in a diminished service to customers.  
Products and Proposition Risk: The Group looks to develop appropriate products and propositions. The 
current or prospective risk resulting from poor risk assessment, inappropriate governance, or inadequate 
approach to products and propositions throughout their lifecycle could affect the performance of these services. 
The Group provides products which are covered by consumer protection legislation. A failure to meet regulatory 
standards in consumer protection and/or customer needs, could result in regulatory sanction and take a 
significant amount of resources to rectify. This could have an adverse effect on the Group’s results and on its 
ability to deliver appropriate customer outcomes or to achieve its organisational objectives. 
Fraud Risk: The current or prospective fraud risks relate to and may result from the dishonest and false 
representation by any person, internal, external or third parties including acts or omissions with the intention to 
make gain or cause loss. This encompasses acts of theft which may be directly from the Group or from the 
Group’s customers. Theft from the Group’s customers could result in financial loss and compensation payments 
and may also result in regulatory sanction, should it be established that the theft was a result of the Group’s 
inadequate internal controls. This could have an adverse effect on the Group’s results and on its ability to deliver 
appropriate customer outcomes or to achieve organisational objectives. 
Third Party Risk: The Group outsources a number of activities to outsource service providers and has a wide 
range of 3rd Party suppliers from which it procures services. The Group relies on a number of these providers 
for the provision of critical activities in serving customers. If these providers do not perform their services or 
fail to provide services to the Group or renew their licences with the Group, the Group’s business could be 
disrupted and it could incur unforeseen costs and reputational damage. There is an active Third Party 
Management process in the Group which manages these risks and looks specifically at on-going performance 
of suppliers and risks arising from any concentrations that may arise. The Group is engaged with key suppliers 
to ensure on-going service capacity and any contingency plans are in place. Service from suppliers has remained 
consistent and in line with previous periods. 
Cyber & Information Security Risk: Information security risk for the Group is the risk of unauthorised access, 
use, disclosure, disruption, modification, or destruction of information, whether malicious or unintentional. 
Specifically, it encompasses the risk of:  
 
Loss of confidentiality due to unauthorised access and disclosure of information.

--- Page 31 ---
28 
 
Loss of integrity due to unauthorised modification or destruction of information.  
 
Loss of availability due to disruption of access to, or use of, information or an information system.  
Cyber risk for the Group is the risk of depending on systems or system elements which exist in, or periodically 
operate within, cyberspace. 
IT Risk: The Group is reliant on its technical infrastructure for the provision of systems and services to support 
critical processes and operations. The failure of production infrastructure, applications, networking, storage, 
information assets and resources, and all supporting components, processes and procedures could have an 
adverse effect on the Group’s ability to deliver services to customers and to achieve organisational objectives. 
The Group has mobilised a change programme to implement the regulatory requirements set out in the EU 
Digital Operational Resilience Act, which plans to achieve a holistic management of IT resilience risks within 
the Group and across the Group’s third-party supplier landscape.  
Data Risk: The Group faces risks associated with failing to appropriately manage and maintain data. This could 
have an adverse effect on quality or accessibility of the data, resulting in poor decision making and inaccurate 
or inadequate internal and external reporting. The Group continues to enhance data governance and reporting 
processes in line with the Principles for Effective Risk Data Aggregation and Risk Reporting. 
Legal Risk: The Group faces the risk of sanctions, material financial loss or loss to reputation as a result of 
failure to comply with new or existing laws, changes to laws, as a result of a defective transaction, disputes or 
litigation by or against the Group and failure to take appropriate measures to protect intellectual property and 
its real estate assets. 
The Group maintains insurance policies to cover a number of risk events. These include financial policies 
(comprehensive crime/computer crime, professional indemnity/civil liability, employment practices liability, 
and directors’ and officers’ liability) and a suite of general insurance policies to cover such matters as property 
and business interruption, terrorism, combined liability and personal accident. There can be no assurance, 
however, that the level of insurance the Group maintains is appropriate for the risks to its business or adequate 
to cover all potential claims. 
17 If a poor or inappropriate culture develops across the Group’s business, this may adversely 
impact its performance and impede the achievement of its strategic goals 
The Group must continually develop and promote an appropriate culture that drives and influences the activities 
of its business and staff and its dealings with customers in relation to managing and taking risks and ensuring 
risk considerations continue to play a key role in business decisions. It is senior management’s responsibility to 
ensure that the appropriate culture is embedded throughout the organisation. As was demonstrated by many 
banks during the financial crisis, if an inappropriate culture develops, then a strategy or course of action could 
be adopted that results in poor customer outcomes. If the Group is unable to maintain an appropriate culture, 
this could have a negative impact on the Group’s business, result of operations, financial condition and 
prospects. 
18 The Group may be unable to recruit and retain appropriately skilled and experienced 
management and staff which could have a negative impact on the Group’s business, result of 
operations, financial condition and prospects 
The Group may be unable to recruit and retain appropriately skilled and experienced staff to ensure the stability 
of the business in the long-term. In particular the Group is restricted in the remuneration it can offer to senior 
management which creates a risk that the Group may not be able to attract and retain the right skills and 
experience within key senior management roles. The Group’s performance is heavily dependent on the talents

--- Page 32 ---
29 
and efforts of highly skilled individuals, and the continued ability of the Group to compete effectively and 
implement its strategy depends on its ability to attract new employees and retain and motivate existing 
employees. 
Competition from within the financial services industry, including from other financial institutions, as well as 
from businesses outside the financial services industry for key employees is intensifying. The elevated people 
risk profile, particularly with respect to the recruitment and retention of senior management, is likely to continue 
for the foreseeable future.  
Under the terms of the recapitalisation of the Group by the Irish Government, the Group is required to comply 
with certain executive pay and compensation arrangements, including a cap on salaries as well as restrictions 
on bonuses and similar incentive-based compensation applicable to employees of Irish banks who have received 
financial support from the Irish Government. As a result of these restrictions, as well as the limits on certain 
types of remuneration paid by credit institutions and investment firms set forth in CRD, and in the increasingly 
competitive markets in Ireland and the UK, the Group may not be able to attract, retain and remunerate highly 
skilled and qualified personnel, and any such failure to so attract could have a material impact on the Group’s 
financial condition or results of operations. 
In November 2022, the Irish Government approved changes to remuneration for bankers following the 
recommendation from the Department of Finance Retail Banking Review that banks be allowed to pay bonuses 
of up to €20,000 to their employees as well as allowing standard benefits. However, such measures may not be 
sufficient in the current inflationary environment to recruit and retain key employees. 
19 A deterioration in employee relations could adversely affect the Group’s business, result of 
operations, financial condition and prospects 
A significant proportion of the Group’s employees are members of trade unions. The Group adheres to 
established industrial relations mechanisms in each jurisdiction in which the Group operates. The Group seeks 
to ensure transparency, fairness and collaboration in all its dealings with employees. In the event that the Group 
becomes subject to industrial action or other labour conflicts, including strikes or other forms of industrial 
actions, this may lead to a reduced level of service provided by the Group to its customers, which may result in 
reputational damage impacting its business result of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
20 The Group uses models across many of its activities and if these models prove to be inaccurate, 
or are used incorrectly then the Group’s management of risk may be ineffective or 
compromised and/or the value of its financial assets and liabilities may be overestimated or 
underestimated 
The Group uses models across many, though not all, of its activities including, but not limited to, capital 
management, credit grading, loan loss provisioning, valuations, liquidity, pricing and stress testing. The Group 
also uses financial models to determine the fair value of derivative financial instruments, financial instruments 
through profit or loss, certain hedged financial assets and financial liabilities and financial assets at fair value 
through other comprehensive income. IFRS 9 has required the Group to move from an incurred loss model to 
an expected loss model, requiring it to recognise not only credit losses that have already occurred but also losses 
that are expected to occur in the future. 
Since the Group uses risk measurement models based on historical observations, there is a risk that it 
underestimates or overestimates exposure to various risks to the extent that future market conditions deviate 
from historical experience. Furthermore, as a result of evolving regulatory requirements, the importance of 
models across the Group’s business has been heightened and their importance may continue to increase, in 
particular because of reforms introduced by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision. If the Group fails to

--- Page 33 ---
30 
identify a model or if the Group’s models do not accurately estimate its exposure to various risks, it may 
experience unexpected losses. The Group may also incur losses, for example, as a result of decisions made 
based on inaccuracies in the build or implementation of these models, as a result of poor data quality or an 
incomplete understanding by users. Model risk levels may also rise as a result of a significantly changing 
environment, as models are built using historical data. Models are kept under regular review to ensure that they 
remain representative of the current environment. For example, a model factor selected at development may no 
longer be a key driver in the current environment. 
If the Group’s models are not effective in estimating its exposure to various risks or determining the fair value 
of its financial assets and liabilities or if its models prove to be inaccurate, its business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected. 
The Group’s IRB credit risk models are subject to ongoing regulatory reviews and inspections, which may give 
rise to additional capital requirements, replacement of internal ratings-based (“IRB”) models with a 
standardised approach or reputational risk for the Group. 
The Group must obtain approval from the ECB in order to implement new IRB models or to change existing 
approved IRB models. New IRB models or those undergoing material changes are subject to reviews and model 
inspections from the ECB and other regulatory bodies in relation to the models prior to receiving approval. 
21 The Group is subject to the risk that the funding position of its defined benefit pension schemes 
could deteriorate, requiring it to make additional contributions 
The Group faces the risk that the funding position of its defined benefit pension schemes will deteriorate, 
requiring it to make additional contributions, adversely affecting its capital position. The Group maintains a 
number of defined benefit pension schemes for current and former employees. All defined benefit schemes were 
closed to future accruals from 31 December 2013 and staff transferred to defined contribution schemes for 
future pension benefits. In relation to these defined benefit schemes, the Group faces the risk that the funding 
position of the schemes will deteriorate over the longer term. This may require the Group to make additional 
contributions above what is already planned to cover its pension obligations towards current and former 
employees. Furthermore, pension deficits as reported are a deduction from capital under CRD. Accordingly, 
any increase in the Group’s pension deficit may adversely affect its capital position. There could also be a 
negative impact on industrial relations if the funding level of the schemes were to deteriorate. 
Each scheme has a separate trustee board and the Group has agreed funding plans to deal with deficits where 
they exist. As part of any funding agreement, the Group engages with each trustee regarding an appropriate 
investment strategy to reduce the risk in that scheme. Irish schemes that are deemed to have a deficit under the 
funding standard as provided under Section 44 of the Pensions Act 1990, as amended (the “Funding Standard”) 
must prepare funding plans to address this situation in a timely manner and submit them to the Irish Pensions 
Authority for approval. 
Independent actuarial valuations for the AIB Group Irish Pension Scheme and the AIB Group UK Pension 
Scheme are carried out on a triennial basis by the schemes’ actuary, Mercer. The most recent valuation of the 
Irish scheme was carried out on 30 June 2021 and reported the scheme to be in surplus. The next actuarial 
valuation of the Irish scheme will be on 30 June 2024. No deficit funding is anticipated at this time as the Irish 
scheme continues to meet the minimum Funding Standard. The most recent valuation of the UK scheme was 
carried out on 31 December 2020. The next actuarial valuation of the UK scheme will be on 31 December 2023. 
In 2019, the Group and the scheme trustee substantially de-risked the UK scheme by acquiring two insurance 
contracts from Legal and General Assurance Society (“LGAS”), using the majority of the assets of the UK 
scheme. These contracts include a pensioner buy-in contract for the pensioner members and an assured payment 
policy (“APP”) for the deferred members. The Group and the scheme trustee agreed on a revised funding

--- Page 34 ---
31 
arrangement for the UK scheme to support the purchase of the pensioner buy-in contract and the APP. Under 
this funding arrangement, the Group expects to make payments of £18.5 million in 2023, followed by an 
estimated final balancing payment of approximately £27 million, based on latest estimates from LGAS. This 
payment and any related costs are subject to change prior to finalisation.  
Pension risk is monitored and controlled in line with the requirements of the Group’s pension risk framework 
and policy. The surplus or deficit calculated in accordance with IAS 19 ‘Employee Benefits’ is monitored on a 
monthly basis by the Group’s risk team and is currently reported monthly in both the financial risk report to the 
Group Assets and Liability Committee (“ALCo”) and the Group Chief Risk Officer (“CRO”) report. A pension 
capital at risk exposure is assessed on a monthly basis and is reported versus a “Group Risk Appetite Statement” 
watch trigger in the CRO report. Pension risk is also included in the semi-annual internal stress test. The output 
of the stress tests is reviewed by ALCo and on an annual basis a report on the internal capital adequacy 
assessment process (ICAAP) is produced which is a comprehensive analysis of the Group’s capital position in 
base and stress scenarios over a three year horizon. This document is reviewed and approved by the Board and 
is submitted to the ECB/Central Bank Joint Supervisory Team. While the Group has taken certain risk mitigating 
actions, a level of volatility associated with pension funding remains due to potential financial market 
fluctuations and possible changes to pension and accounting regulations. 
Regulatory and legal risks  
22 The Group is required to comply with a wide range of laws and regulations. The constantly 
evolving and increasing complex legal and regulatory landscape significantly increases the 
risks associated with compliance with such laws and regulations. If the Group fails to comply 
with these laws and regulations, it could become subject to regulatory actions 
A failure by the Group to comply with all applicable laws, regulations, rules, standards and codes of conduct 
may result in regulatory sanctions, material financial loss or loss to reputation. 
The legal and regulatory landscape in which the Group operates is constantly evolving and the risks associated 
with compliance with laws and regulations is increasing. As new laws or regulatory schemes are introduced, 
the Group may be required to invest significant resources in order to comply with the new legislation or 
regulations. Furthermore, the laws and regulations to which the Group is already subject could change as a 
result of changes in interpretation or practice by courts, regulators or other authorities, resulting in higher 
compliance costs and resource commitments, and/or a failure by the Group to implement the necessary changes 
to its business within the time period specified. 
The Issuer (which is the parent company of the Group) is incorporated and has its head office in Ireland. While 
the Central Bank continues to regulate certain areas of the Group’s business, including consumer protection in 
Ireland, it is the ECB (together with support from the Central Bank) that has primary responsibility for the 
prudential supervision of the Group. The Group faces risks associated with an uncertain and rapidly evolving 
prudential regulatory environment, pursuant to which it is required, among other things, to maintain adequate 
capital resources and to satisfy specified capital ratios at all times. The Group’s borrowing costs and capital 
requirements could be affected by prudential regulatory developments, including the CRD IV and CRD V, the 
Capital Requirements Regulation II (Regulation (EU) 2019/876) (“CRR II”) which includes amendments to the 
Capital Requirements Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013) (as so amended, the “CRR”) and 
amendments which have been made to the BRRD. The agreed text was published in the Official Journal on 7 
June 2019. CRD V and BRRD II have been transposed into Irish law with the majority of provisions applying 
from 28 December 2020. CRR II has applied since 28 June 2021.

--- Page 35 ---
32 
It is also possible that additional capital and liquidity requirements or guidance and other requirements, whether 
based on an interpretation of current rules or the application of new rules or guidance proposed by EU 
legislators, could be imposed on the Group. Such an instance may occur as a result of the SREP carried out 
under the SSM or stress testing by the ECB and the EBA. Additional requirements could include a revision of 
the level of Pillar 2 add-ons, as the Pillar 2 add-on requirements or guidance are a point-in-time assessment and 
could therefore be subject to change over time, or changes to the combined buffer requirements applicable. See 
Risk Factor 9 “The Group may have insufficient capital to meet increased minimum regulatory requirements or 
to support its business, which could negatively impact its business, results of operations, financial condition or 
prospects”. 
The Group also faces risks and challenges due to interest rate benchmark reform, replacement of LIBOR (from 
1 January 2022, publication of most LIBOR settings ended), reform of EURIBOR and discontinuation of 
EONIA. For example, conduct risk could arise for the Group as a result of changes to customers’ terms and 
conditions for banking products that reference discontinued interest rate benchmarks. For further detail 
regarding changes to benchmarks, see Risk Factor 44 “The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may 
adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing such “benchmarks””. 
The EBA Guidelines on Loan Origination and Monitoring have applied since 30 June 2021, with further dates 
for regulatory implementation. The first set of additional requirements have applied since June 2022 and further 
requirements are to be met by 2024, and specify the internal governance arrangements for granting and 
monitoring of credit facilities throughout their lifecycle. A programme has been mobilised within the Group to 
oversee the implementation of these guidelines which aim to ensure that institutions have robust and prudent 
standards for credit risk taking, management and monitoring, and that newly originated loans are of high credit 
quality. 
The Group is subject to the Central Bank macro-prudential measures which are subject to annual review and 
therefore could create further lending restrictions, increasing existing deposit financing thresholds for 
borrowers. See Risk Factor 6 “Loan-to-value (“LTV”)/Loan-to-income (“LTI”) related regulatory restrictions 
on residential mortgage lending may restrict the Group’s mortgage lending activities and balance sheet growth 
generally”. 
The new EU regulation on the minimum coverage for NPEs, as well as the ECB’s guidance on expectations for 
the provisioning of new NPEs should facilitate the disposal of NPEs further down the line, if required. The 
Group’s regulators have stated that banks should be incentivised to build up their provisions as early as possible, 
thus preventing larger losses at a later stage. The Group has put in place a conservative, forward looking and 
comprehensive provisioning approach and intends to manage NPEs in accordance with its regulatory 
obligations. 
In addition to the above, the Group is also subject to regulatory reviews, such as those on the residential 
mortgage and retail banking sectors. Such reviews may require the Group to modify its business to satisfy new 
or amended regulatory requirements.  
To support the effectiveness of bail-in and other resolution tools, Article 130(1) of the BRRD requires that from 
1 January 2016 Member States apply the BRRD’s provisions requiring EU credit institutions and certain 
investment firms to maintain MREL, subject to the provisions of the MREL regulatory technical standards. 
The MREL requirements are determined on a case-by case basis taking into account (i) resolvability; (ii) capital 
adequacy; (iii) sufficiency of eligible liabilities; (iv) participation in a deposit guarantee scheme; (v) business 
risks (business model, funding, risk profile); and (vi) systemic risk (interconnectedness). The SRB has provided 
the Group with its default formula for the MREL target calibration under the new BRRD II legislative 
framework to be complied with by 1 January 2022. The Group continues to monitor changes in MREL

--- Page 36 ---
33 
requirements together with developments in the SRB’s MREL policy, which has the potential to impact the 
Group’s MREL target.  
The Group operates in the UK through its subsidiary, AIB Group (UK) p.l.c. The Group must comply with the 
FCA’s conduct of business rules in so far as they apply to its business carried out in the UK. In the US, the 
Group is subject to federal and state banking and securities law supervision and regulation as a result of the 
banking activities conducted by AIB Bank’s branch in New York. Thus, the Group is required to design and 
implement policies that ensure compliance with legislation promulgated by the FCA and the Prudential 
Regulatory Authority in the UK and the relevant regulatory authorities in the US.  
Failure by the Group to meet regulatory expectations, including in relation to governance, behaviour and 
culture, or repeated breaches of regulation could adversely impact regulatory confidence in how the Group 
conducts its business. Failure to engage appropriately with regulators, risks damaging relations with statutory 
authorities, and could lead to increased regulatory oversight, intrusive supervision and/or restrictions in the 
Group’s authorisations curtailing its ability to operate some of its business. These outcomes could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Group entities are required to submit data and information to regulatory authorities on a scheduled or ad hoc 
basis which are necessary for effective regulatory oversight and supervision. There is a risk that some data 
required to complete the returns, some of which is required to be manually populated, may not be sufficiently 
reliable. This could result in inaccurate returns being provided to regulatory authorities or submissions of returns 
being delayed. If any failings in regulatory reporting existed and were to be considered as material by regulatory 
authorities, it could result in the Group being subject to sanction or fines for failure to provide accurate returns 
or failure to submit returns within required timeframes, reputational damage and the Group being required to 
conduct data rectification. 
There is also a risk that pressures from the media, consumer groups and/or politicians could influence the agenda 
of the ECB, the Central Bank, the FCA or the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”). For instance, a wide-
ranging review of competition within the Irish mortgage sector by the Competition and Consumer Protection 
Commission of Ireland (“CCPC”) took place in 2017 as part of the programme for the Irish Government (a 
similar review having been completed on the UK banking sector in 2016), and in June 2017, the CCPC 
published its report on “options for the Irish mortgage market”. The report, which followed an extensive public 
consultation process outlined a range of options and areas for further study to assist the Irish Government 
develop a better-functioning, competitive and stable mortgage market. The issues of “mortgage switching 
behaviour” and “consumer attitudes to switching” were some of the areas identified in the report as requiring 
further regulatory focus. In this regard, in August 2017, the Central Bank published a consultation paper entitled 
“Enhanced Mortgage Measures: Transparency and Switching” proposing to amend the Consumer Protection 
Code 2012 (“CPC”) by introducing enhanced transparency measures for fixed rate interest rate mortgage 
holders. In June 2018, the Central Bank, having considered the responses received from the published 
consultation paper announced that it proposed to introduce new and amend certain existing provisions of the 
CPC to give effect to these enhanced protections by publishing an addendum to the CPC which became effective 
from 1 January 2019. 
In July 2018, the Central Bank published the outputs of its review of behaviour and culture in the five main 
retail banks in Ireland, including the Group. The report recommends the introduction of legislation to support 
an individual accountability framework, which would set conduct standards for staff and ensure clearer lines of 
accountability within firms. As a part of such regulatory reviews as those on the mortgage and retail banking 
sectors, as well as the introduction of the Senior Executive Accountability Regime in Ireland, the Group may 
be required to modify its business and the pricing of its products to satisfy new or amended regulatory 
requirements.

--- Page 37 ---
34 
Adverse regulatory action or adverse judgments in litigation could result in a monetary fine or penalty, adverse 
monetary judgment or settlement and/or restrictions or limitations on the Group’s operations or result in a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s reputation. The Group may settle litigation or regulatory proceedings 
prior to a final judgment or determination of liability to avoid the cost, management efforts, negative business, 
regulatory or reputational consequences of continuing to contest liability, even when the Group believes that it 
has no liability or when the potential consequences of failing to prevail would be disproportionate to the costs 
of settlement. Furthermore, the Group may, for similar reasons, reimburse counterparties for their losses even 
in situations where the Group does not believe that it is legally compelled to do so. 
Additionally, the Group may be subject to future regulatory requirements related to sustainable finance. 
“Sustainable finance” generally refers to the process of taking due account of environmental and social 
considerations when making investment decisions, leading to increased investment in longer-term and 
sustainable activities. The threat and consequences of climate change has necessitated a strong focus on 
legislative change promoting sustainability at EU level. 
These legislative proposals and requirements include: 
- 
introducing a ‘green supporting factor’ in the EU prudential rules for banks; 
- 
amendments to MiFID II and the Insurance Distribution Directive to include sustainability considerations 
into the advice offered to individual clients; 
- 
the EBA Guidelines on Loan Origination and Monitoring which require institutions that originate or plan 
to originate green credit facilities to develop specific green lending policies and procedures covering 
granting and monitoring of such credit facilities, which have applied since 30 June 2021; 
- 
EU Regulation on Sustainability-Related Disclosures in the Financial Services Sector (“SFDR”) which has 
applied since 10 March 2021 and Irish SI No. 146/2021 enacted on 29 March 2021 which gave effect to 
certain provisions under the SFDR; and 
- 
taxonomy/ EU labels for green financial products establishing a classification system and a list of 
environmentally sustainable economic activities. 
There is a risk that the Group, which will be impacted by each of the above proposals, will not engage the 
requisite expertise to direct the implementation of these changes or that the required expertise will not be readily 
available. Failure to implement this comprehensive package of measures successfully and within the required 
timeframes could result in regulatory sanction, reputational damage and competitive disadvantage as a result of 
not having available suitable products being sought by customers. The Group would also risk mis-selling by its 
possible failure to provide suitable products to match a consumer’s environmental preferences. 
23 The Group is subject to increasing regulation and supervision following the introduction of the 
Single Supervisory Mechanism and the bank recovery and resolution framework, which may strain 
its resources 
A significant number of regulations have been issued by the various regulatory authorities that regulate the 
Group’s business. The Eurozone’s largest banks, including the Group, are under the direct supervision of, and 
are deemed to be authorised by, the ECB since the introduction on 4 November 2014 of the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism (“SSM”). 
The main aims of the SSM are to ensure the safety and soundness of the European banking system and to 
increase financial integration and stability in Europe. 
A Single Resolution Mechanism (“SRM”) has been introduced, including an SRB, which focuses on resolution 
planning and enhancing resolvability, to avoid the potential negative impacts of a bank failure on the economy

--- Page 38 ---
35 
and financial stability. The requirements of the SRM are set out in the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of 15 July 2014), as amended (the “SRM Regulation”) and the Banking 
Recovery and Resolution Directive (Directive 2014/59/EU), as amended (“BRRD”). The SRM Regulation has 
been fully applicable from 1 January 2016 and the SRB has also been fully operational since that date. The 
BRRD has been implemented in Ireland pursuant to the European Union (Bank Recovery and Resolution) 
Regulations 2015, as amended (the “BRRD Regulations”). The BRRD Regulations, other than regulations 79 
to 94, came into effect on 15 July 2015. Regulations 79 to 94 came into effect on 1 January 2016. The 
establishment of the SRM is designed to ensure that supervision and resolution are exercised at the same level 
for countries that share the supervision of banks within the SSM. The single resolution fund will be financed 
by bank levies raised at national level. Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of 20 May 2019, amending the SRM 
Regulation, applied from 28 December 2020. 
The overarching goal of the bank recovery and resolution framework established by the BRRD/SRM package 
is to break the linkages between national banking systems and sovereigns. The framework is intended to enable 
resolution authorities to resolve failing banks with a lower risk of triggering contagion to the broader financial 
system, while sharing the costs of resolution with bank shareholders and creditors and also minimising cost to 
taxpayers. Among other provisions, the BRRD requires banks to produce a comprehensive recovery plan that 
sets out detailed measures that could be taken to restore the viability of the institution in the event of extreme 
stress. Furthermore, one or more of the Group’s regulators may require the Group to make changes to the legal 
structure of the Group pursuant to its implementation of requirements under the SRM Regulation, the BRRD 
or other applicable law or regulation. 
The Group will have to meet the cost of all levies that are imposed on it in relation to funding the bank resolution 
fund established under the SRM or those that are imposed on it under other applicable compensation schemes 
relating to banks or other financial institutions in financial difficulty. In addition, the challenge of meeting this 
degree of regulatory change will place a strain on the Group’s resources. The challenge of meeting tight 
implementation deadlines while balancing competing resource priorities and demands adds to the regulatory 
risk of the Group. These may also impact significantly on the Group’s future product range, distribution 
channels, funding sources, capital requirements and consequently, reported results and financing requirements. 
24 The Group is subject to conduct risk, including changes in laws, regulations and practices of 
relevant authorities and the risk that its practices are challenged under current regulations or 
standards, and if it is deemed to have breached any of these laws or regulations, it could suffer 
reputational damage or become subject to challenges by customers or competitors, or 
sanctions, fines or other actions 
The Group is exposed to conduct risk, which the Group defines as the risk that inappropriate actions or inactions 
by AIB cause poor and unfair customer outcomes or negatively impact on market integrity. Certain aspects of 
the Group’s business may be determined by regulators in various jurisdictions or by courts not to have been 
conducted in accordance with applicable local or, potentially, overseas laws and regulations, or in a fair and 
reasonable manner as determined by the local ombudsman. Regulators want senior leaders to drive effective 
cultures that focus on the organisation values and conduct that puts the customer first; they expect to see conduct 
promoted in remuneration policies and disciplinary processes. 
The Group is cognisant of its responsibilities regarding wholesale market conduct risk which has been subject 
to increased regulatory scrutiny in recent years. Domestic and European regulators have provided guidance as 
to how regulated entities should manage wholesale market conduct risk, particularly in relation to dealing with 
the impact of external events, managing the increasing complexity in securities markets and the rules that 
govern them and ensuring meaningful transparency for investors and other market participants, in particular on

--- Page 39 ---
36 
costs and fees. As such, the Group continues to respond to changes in this environment and strengthen 
regulatory practices. 
If the Group fails to comply with any relevant laws, regulations, or regulatory expectations, it may suffer 
reputational damage and may be subject to challenges by customers or competitors, or sanctions, fines or other 
actions imposed by regulatory authorities. There is also a risk that failure to recognise the impact of increases 
in the cost of living (including higher mortgage rates) on vulnerable customers or those in financial difficulties 
could lead to claims for conduct matters. The Group’s practices may also be challenged under current 
regulations and standards. In such circumstances, the Group may be required to redress customers, may be 
subject to regulatory sanctions, material financial loss or loss to reputation, which may have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Risks may also arise for the Group in relation to employee conduct. Regulators expect to see desired behaviours 
and conduct re-enforced at all stages of the employee lifecycle, from recruitment, to training and promotion. 
Poor employee conduct can result in mis-selling, inappropriate actions where a conflict of interest arises, 
internal fraud or otherwise not acting in a customer’s best interest. Such actions may result in the bank having 
to make redress to impacted customers, potential regulatory sanction, adverse media coverage and potential 
reputational damage. 
In September 2015, the Central Bank wrote to the Group to inform the Group that it had embarked on the 
Tracker Mortgage Examination. In December 2015, the Central Bank confirmed to the affected lenders that the 
objective of the Tracker Mortgage Examination was to assess compliance with both contractual and regulatory 
requirements relating to tracker mortgages and in circumstances where customer detriment is identified from 
the Tracker Mortgage Examination, to provide appropriate redress and compensation in line with the Central 
Bank’s ‘Principles for Redress’. The Central Bank concluded its enforcement investigation in June 2022 and 
the Group agreed to pay a fine of €96.7 million. The fine was settled prior to 30 June 2022, which brought the 
Central Bank’s Tracker Mortgage Examination to a close. 
In 2020, following a Financial Services and Pensions Ombudsman (“FSPO”) decision in relation to a complaint 
by a customer from the ‘06-09 Ts & Cs who never had a tracker cohort, found that the Group had breached the 
terms of the customer’s mortgage loan contract and directed it to remedy the matter in what the FSPO believed 
was a fair and proportionate manner. The Group accepted the decision in full. Furthermore, the Group decided 
to apply the remedy to all other customers within this cohort, and payments to customers were substantially 
completed by December 2020. 
The Group continued to engage with stakeholders during 2023 and a number of related issues also continue to 
exist that have yet to be resolved, including tax liabilities arising that the Group will be required to discharge 
on behalf of impacted customers. Notwithstanding the near completion of payments to customers based on the 
FSPO decision, the level of provision required for these other costs has been assessed at €60 million at 31 
December 2022. The resolution of these issues is uncertain, and the final cost could be higher or lower 
depending on the finalisation of such issues.  
These issues are subject to uncertainty with a range of outcomes possible and the final outcome being higher or 
lower depending on the finalisation of such issues. 
The Group is also required to manage potentially heightened conduct and regulatory risks associated with 
strategic growth, such as the acquisition of Goodbody Stockbrokers UC (“Goodbody”) and the establishment 
of an insurance joint venture, AIB life. Additional regulatory requirements need to be considered along with the 
conduct implications of managing a different customer base, business portfolio and product suite. As a result, 
effective integration with appropriate alignment and oversight between the Group and any such subsidiary or 
joint venture is required to mitigate these risks.

--- Page 40 ---
37 
25 The Group is subject to anti-money laundering, counter-terrorist financing, anti-corruption and 
sanctions regulations and, if it fails to comply with these regulations, it may face administrative 
sanctions, criminal penalties and/or reputational damage 
The Group is subject to laws and regulations aimed at preventing money laundering, anti-corruption and the 
financing of terrorism. Monitoring compliance with anti-money laundering (“AML”), Countering the Financing 
of Terrorism (“CFT”) and anti-corruption and sanctions rules can put a significant financial burden on banks 
and other financial institutions and requires significant technical capabilities. In recent years, enforcement of 
these laws and regulations against financial institutions has become more intrusive, resulting in several 
landmark fines against financial institutions. In addition, the Group cannot predict the nature, scope or effect of 
future regulatory requirements to which it might be subject or the way existing laws might be administered or 
interpreted. Furthermore, there is a greater focus by regulators on the overall effectiveness of financial 
institutions’ efforts to tackle financial crime beyond issues of mere technical compliance which requires 
constant enhancement of and investment in their overall financial crime response. 
The 5th EU Anti-Money Laundering Directive, transposed in part into Irish law by the Criminal Justice (Money 
Laundering and Terrorist Financing) Act 2021, emphasises a “risk-based approach” to AML and CFT and 
imposes obligations on Irish incorporated bodies (such as AIB) to take measures to compile information on 
beneficial ownership.  
Moreover, global money laundering cases have received increased scrutiny, with a number of major European 
banks implicated in such matters. Since July 2021, the European Union has been working on a comprehensive 
package of legislation aimed at revising and reinforcing the EU’s AML & CFT rules (known as the “AML 
Reform Package”). The Group will need to continue to monitor and reflect the changes under AML Reform 
Package in its own policies, procedure and practices, and to update its framework to take account of the risk-
based approach and the relevant technical standards, together with any related industry guidance from 
regulators. Given the scale, nature and complexity of the financial sanctions regimes in the UK, EU and US 
(particularly as a result of the conflict in Ukraine), there remains an increased risk that the Group could find 
itself transacting with customers who could become subject to such sanctions and potentially face the 
consequence of secondary US sanctions as a result of this. 
Although the Group has policies and procedures that are designed to comply with applicable AML/CFT, anti-
corruption and sanctions rules and regulations, it cannot guarantee that such policies and procedures completely 
prevent situations of money laundering, terrorist financing, breaches of sanctions or corruption, including 
actions by the Group’s employees, agents, third party suppliers or other related persons for which the Group 
might be held responsible. Any such events may have severe consequences, including litigation, sanctions, fines 
and reputational consequences, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
26 The Irish legislation and regulations in relation to mortgages, as well as judicial procedures for 
the enforcement of mortgage, custom, practice and interpretation of such legislation, regulations 
and procedures, may result in higher levels of default by the Group’s customers, delays in the 
Group’s recoveries in its mortgage portfolio and increased impairments  
In instances where the Group seeks to enforce security on commercial or residential property (in particular over 
a borrower’s principal dwelling house (“PDH”)), the Group may encounter significant delays arising from 
judicial procedures, which often entail significant legal and other costs. Custom, practice and interpretation of 
Irish legislation, regulations and procedures may also contribute to delays or restrictions on the enforcement of 
security. The courts or legislature in Ireland may have particular regard to the interests and circumstances of 
borrowers in disputes relating to the enforcement of security above or sale of their loans which is different to

--- Page 41 ---
38 
the custom and practice of courts in other jurisdictions. As a result of these factors, enforcement of security or 
recovery of delinquent loans in Ireland may be more difficult, take longer and involve higher costs for lenders 
as compared to other jurisdictions, or it may not be feasible for courts to enforce security. The CPC is designed 
to protect the interests of consumers (as defined in the CPC) and is applicable (in part) to the activities of the 
Group. The CPC sets out specified information which must be provided to borrowers throughout the lifecycle 
of the mortgage product. The CPC requires the Group to, inter alia, act fairly, in the best interests of its 
customers and the integrity of the market, and to comply with the letter and spirit of the CPC. There is a risk 
that the Group may be found to be in breach of CPC provisions due to unforeseen market developments or 
scenarios arising, potentially leading to regulatory sanction and customer restitution.  
The Land and Conveyancing Law Reform (Amendment) Act 2019 (“LCLRA”) which came into force on 1 
August 2019 provides further protections for homeowners in residential mortgage difficulties. Courts must take 
into account a range of factors set out in the LCLRA when considering whether or not to grant an order for 
possession in respect of a borrower’s PDH and may take these factors into account when considering whether 
to make any other order it considers appropriate in the circumstances. While many of the now statutory-imposed 
considerations are ones a court already had taken into account, the LCLRA reinforces the special status of a 
PDH in residential mortgage arrears proceedings in Ireland and the Irish Government’s policy objective that 
repossession of a defaulting borrower’s PDH should be an action of last resort. In enforcement proceedings 
affecting a PDH, lenders must now be prepared to demonstrate reasonable conduct towards seeking a 
sustainable solution with the borrower. As a result, the Group may face certain additional restrictions on its 
ability to collect or enforce mortgages that are in arrears. This could result in delays in the Group’s recoveries 
in respect of its mortgage portfolio and increased impairments. Legislation has also been introduced with regard 
to loans sold to third parties under the Consumer Protection (Regulation of Credit Servicing Firms) Act 2018, 
which regulates third party loan acquirers and may give rise to further implications for future loan sales 
undertaken by the Group.  
It is unclear whether any legislation in respect of the foregoing (either in the proposed form or a different form) 
will be enacted or whether further legislative initiatives to regulate the Irish mortgage market will be introduced. 
If enacted, any further legislation could potentially impact the Group.  
The Irish Government may also seek to influence how credit institutions set interest rates on mortgages, may 
amend the Personal Insolvency Act 2012 to reduce the entitlements currently afforded to mortgage holders 
thereunder or may enact other legislation or introduce further regulation that affects the rights of lenders in 
other ways which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and 
prospects. Furthermore, the laws and regulations to which the Group is already subject could change as a result 
of changes in interpretation or practice by courts, regulators or other authorities.  
In common with other residential mortgage lenders, the Group faces increased supervisory engagement and 
focus by the Irish Government, the Oireachtas and regulators, such as the Central Bank and the CCPC, on its 
loan book, in particular its residential mortgage book, with respect to such matters as the interest rates it charges 
on loans. This could result in increased regulation of the Group’s loan book which may impact the Group’s 
level of lending, interest income and net interest margin and/or increased operational costs. 
Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, 
financial condition and prospects. 
27 The BRRD contains resolution tools and other measures that may have a material adverse effect 
on the Group and Noteholders 
While the SRB has indicated its Preferred Resolution Strategy (“PRS”) for the Group is single point of entry 
bail-in through AIB Group plc, the BRRD is designed to provide relevant authorities with a credible set of tools

--- Page 42 ---
39 
to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing credit institution so as to ensure the continuity 
of the institution’s critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of a credit institution’s 
failure on the economy and financial system.  
The BRRD also equips the resolution authority with certain resolution powers (the “Resolution Tools”) in 
circumstances where, in addition to certain other conditions being satisfied, either AIB Group plc, as the 
financial holding company of the Group, or certain of its subsidiaries is failing or is likely to fail to:  
 
transfer to a purchaser shares, other instruments of ownership and/or all specified assets, rights or 
liabilities of the credit institution (known as the “sale of business tool”);  
 
transfer all or specified assets, rights or liabilities of the credit institution to a bridge institution which 
is wholly or partially owned by public authorities (known as the “bridge institution tool”); transfer 
assets, rights or liabilities to a legal entity which is wholly or partially owned by public authorities for 
the purpose of sale or otherwise ensuring that the business is wound down in an orderly manner, to be 
applied in conjunction with another resolution tool (known as the “asset separation tool”); and/or 
 
write down the claims of unsecured creditors (including the Noteholders) of an institution and convert 
debt to equity or other instruments of ownership (including the Notes), with, in broad terms, the first 
losses being taken by shareholders and thereafter by subordinated creditors (including the holders of 
Subordinated Notes) and then senior creditors (including the holders of Senior Notes), with the 
objective of recapitalising an institution (known as the “General Bail-In Tool”). 
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and exhausted the above 
resolution tools to the maximum extent possible while maintaining financial stability, to be able to provide 
extraordinary public financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the public 
equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be 
provided in accordance with the EU state aid framework and is subject to the condition that a contribution to 
loss absorption and recapitalisation equal to an amount not less than 8 per cent. of total liabilities, including 
own funds of the institution under resolution, has been made by the shareholders and the holders of other 
instruments of ownership, the holders of relevant capital instruments and other eligible liabilities through write 
down, conversion or otherwise. 
An entity will be considered as failing or likely to fail when it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in breach 
of its requirements for continuing authorisation; its assets are, or are likely in the near future to be, less than its 
liabilities; it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or it requires 
extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances). 
The SRB may exercise the Resolution Tools with respect to the Group. In addition, the Bank of England, as 
resolution authority for AIB Group (UK) p.l.c. (“AIB UK”), could resolve the UK operations under the Banking 
Act in the UK, many of the provisions of which relating to resolution are similar to those in the BRRD, which 
could result in losses being transferred up to AIB through its share ownership and intercompany debt. The PRS 
is a group-wide concept involving a single point of entry through AIB Group plc and is executed by the SRB 
in consultation with the ECB and national resolution authorities. 
Amongst other provisions, the BRRD contains a statutory write-down and conversion power to write down or 
to convert into equity the Issuer’s capital instruments (which would include the Subordinated Notes) if certain 
conditions are met (the “Write-Down Tool”). The Write-Down Tool would be applicable, in particular, if the 
resolution authority determines that, unless the Write-Down Tool is applied, the Issuer or the Group will no 
longer be viable or if a decision has been made to provide the Issuer or the Group with extraordinary public 
financial support without which the Issuer or the Group will no longer be viable.

--- Page 43 ---
40 
In respect of the Write-Down Tool, which was implemented for Additional Tier 1 instruments and Tier 2 
instruments (each as defined in the European Union (Bank Recovery and Resolution) Regulations 2015, as 
amended) with effect from 15 July 2015, and the General Bail-In Tool, which was implemented in Ireland on 1 
January 2016, the resolution authority has the power, upon certain trigger events, to cancel existing shares, to 
write down eligible liabilities (i.e. own funds instruments and, in the case of the General Bail-In Tool, other 
subordinated debt and senior debt, subject to exceptions in respect of certain liabilities) of a failing relevant 
entity or to convert such eligible liabilities of a failing relevant entity into equity or other instruments of 
ownership at certain rates of conversion representing appropriate compensation to the affected holder for the 
loss incurred as a result of the write down and conversion. Any such compensation may not compensate that 
holder for the losses it has actually incurred and there may be a considerable delay in the recovery of such 
compensation. Compensation payments (if any) may also be made considerably later than when amounts may 
otherwise have been payable under the Notes. Any shares issued to holders of Subordinated Notes may also be 
subject to any future application of the General Bail-In Tool. Where a relevant entity meets the conditions for 
resolution, the resolution regulator and/or authority will be required to apply the Write-Down Tool before 
applying the Resolution Tools. Any write down or conversion will, broadly, observe the following order: CET1 
instruments will be reduced first, followed by, in order, Additional Tier 1 instruments and Tier 2 instruments. If 
further reductions are required under the General Bail-In Tool, these shall first apply to other subordinated 
claims and then bail-in-able senior claims, each in accordance with the normal insolvency hierarchy. This 
application may result in such holders losing some or all of their investment.  
Any write down or conversion of amounts in accordance with the Write-Down Tool will not constitute an event 
of default under the terms of the relevant instruments. Consequently, any amounts so written down will be 
irrevocably lost and the holders of such instruments will cease to have any claims thereunder, regardless whether 
or not the credit institution’s financial position is restored. Pursuant to the BRRD, resolution authorities must 
ensure when applying the Resolution Tools that creditors do not incur greater losses than they would have 
incurred if the credit institution had been wound down in normal insolvency proceedings. Furthermore, one or 
more of the Group’s regulators may require the Group to make changes to the legal structures and/or business 
model of the Group pursuant to its implementation of requirements under the SRM Regulation, the BRRD or 
other applicable law or regulation. 
The Resolution Tools could be used to impose losses on holders of Senior Notes and could result in holders of 
Senior Notes losing some or all of their investment. The exercise of any such power or any suggestion or 
anticipation of such exercise could, therefore, materially adversely affect the value of the Senior Notes.  
The powers set out in the BRRD will impact how relevant entities are managed as well as, in certain 
circumstances, the rights of creditors. Under the BRRD, holders of Notes may be subject to write down or 
conversion into equity on any application of the General Bail-In Tool or in the case of Subordinated Notes non-
viability loss absorption, which may result in such holders losing some or all of their investment.  
In addition, the BRRD and the SRM Regulation may severely affect the rights of the holders of Subordinated 
Notes which may result in the loss of the entire investment represented by the Subordinated Notes in the event 
of non-viability. The exercise of any such power or any suggestion or anticipation of such exercise could, 
therefore, materially adversely affect the value of the Subordinated Notes. Furthermore, the exercise of the 
Write-Down Tool in respect of the Subordinated Notes or any suggestion or anticipation of such exercise could 
materially adversely affect the value of the Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 44 ---
41 
28 The SRB or SSM may take actions which require the Group to change, or otherwise result in the 
Group changing, its legal structure, or take other actions which could have a significant impact 
on the Group’s operations, structure, costs and/or capital requirements 
SRB role in resolution planning  
Pursuant to the SRM Regulation, on 1 January 2016, the SRB became responsible for drawing up the Group’s 
resolution plan providing for resolution actions that may be taken if the Group were to fail or be likely to fail. 
In drawing up the Group’s resolution plan, the SRB identifies any material impediments to the Group’s 
resolvability. Where necessary, the SRB may instruct that actions are taken to remove such impediments.  
These actions may include (but are not limited to): 
 
legal restructuring of the Group, which could lead to high transaction costs, or could make the Group’s 
business operations or its funding mix less optimally composed or more expensive;  
 
issuing additional liabilities at various levels within the Group to ensure that there is sufficient loss-
absorbing and recapitalisation capacity in place and that adequate arrangements are in place to meet the 
Group’s funding and liquidity needs throughout the resolution. This may result in higher capital and 
funding costs for the Group, and thus adversely affect the Group’s profits and its ability to pay dividends;  
 
reviewing and amending the Group’s contracts for the purposes of ensuring (i) continuity of business 
operations, and (ii) that such contracts do not cause any impediments to the resolvability of the Group. 
This may result in additional costs and operational complexity for the Group; and  
 
requiring the Group to enhance its data infrastructure and management information systems to facilitate 
an expeditious valuation of its assets and liabilities over the course of the resolution event. 
If the SRB is of the view that the measures proposed by the Group would not effectively address the 
impediments to resolvability, the SRB may direct the Group to take alternative measures as outlined in the SRM 
Regulation. 
The SRB has communicated to all banks under its remit areas of focus where potential impediments to 
resolvability could arise. The Group has initiated programs to work to mitigate any such potential impediments. 
In addition, the SRB has communicated that its preferred resolution strategy for the Group is single point of 
entry bail-in through the Issuer.  
SSM role in Recovery planning  
The BRRD sets out functions of the SSM (as consolidated supervisor of the Group) with respect to the drawing 
up and maintenance by AIB on a Group basis of a recovery plan which must set out measures to be taken by 
AIB to restore its financial position following a significant deterioration of that position. An assessment by the 
SSM of such recovery plan proposed by the Group may result in the Group being required to address any 
material deficiencies in the recovery plan or any material impediments to its implementation. Failure by the 
Group to satisfy such direction may result in the SSM taking measures against the Group, including, but not 
limited to, directing the Group to do one or more of the following: 
 
reduce its risk profile;  
 
enable timely recapitalisation measures;  
 
review its strategy and structure;  
 
make changes to its funding strategy so as to improve the resilience of its business lines and critical 
functions; and/or

--- Page 45 ---
42 
 
make changes to its governance structure.  
Any further changes to be implemented in respect of the SRM Regulation and the BRRD may have an effect 
on the Group’s business, financial condition or prospects. Failure by the Group to implement those changes and 
requirements may result in regulatory action such as increased regulatory capital levels, monetary fines or other 
sanctions and penalties. Depending on the specific nature of the changes and requirements and how they are 
enforced, such changes and requirements could have a significant impact on the Group’s operations, structure, 
costs and/or capital requirements. 
29 Risk of litigation arising from the Group’s activities  
The Group operates in a legal and regulatory environment that exposes it to potentially significant litigation 
and regulatory risks. Disputes and legal proceedings in which the Group may be involved are subject to many 
uncertainties, and the outcomes of such disputes are often difficult to predict, particularly in the early stages of 
a case or investigation. For example, litigation has been served on the Group by customers that are pursuing 
claims in relation to the Tracker Mortgage Examination (see Risk Factor 24 “The Group is subject to conduct 
risk, including changes in laws, regulations and practices of relevant authorities and the risk that its practices 
are challenged under current regulations or standards, and if it is deemed to have breached any of these laws 
or regulations, it could suffer reputational damage or become subject to challenges by customers or 
competitors, or sanctions, fines or other actions” for further information). In the future, further legal claims 
may also be served, and further complaints may be referred by customers to the FSPO for adjudication in 
relation to the Tracker Mortgage Examination. These outcomes are uncertain and unpredictable. 
Adverse regulatory action or adverse judgments in litigation or FSPO decisions could result in a monetary fine 
or penalty, adverse monetary judgment or settlement and/or restrictions or limitations on the Group’s operations 
or result in a material adverse effect on the Group’s reputation.  
During the period from 2002 to 2006 the Group sold a series of investment property funds, known as Belfry, 
which subsequently incurred losses to approximately 2,500 individual investors (approximately £214 million 
invested). The Group settled claims from certain of those investors in 2021 which resulted in a €25 million 
charge including amounts for legal and settlement costs. Following this, the Group instigated a programme to 
review the suitability of advice outcomes for individual investors to determine if redress may be due in certain 
instances. Based on an initial assessment, a provision was also recorded for €75 million in June 2021.  
Following the approval by the Board during 2022 of the customer treatment methodology and the close out of 
the individual case assessments, the initial provision recorded in 2021 was reassessed and increased by €82 
million for the cost of redress. Furthermore, associated costs required to conclude the redress programme were 
estimated at €12 million and were separately provided for. Following utilisations during the year, the closing 
provision was €79 million at 31 December 2022. 
In 2023, the provision for the customer redress was further reassessed, principally as a result of additional 
information obtained during the period and increased by €59 million. Payments to impacted customers are 
ongoing with the Group making payments of € 70 million in 2023. The provision for associated costs was also 
reassessed and increased by €4 million and €7 million of the provision was utilised during the period. 
While the Group’s best estimate of the provision at 30 June 2023 is €65 million, the final cost is subject to some 
uncertainty with a range of possible outcomes and the final cost may be higher or lower depending on the 
finalisation of all associated matters.

--- Page 46 ---
43 
Risks Related to the Issuance of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of certain such features: 
30 Limited remedies for non-payment in respect of Subordinated Notes and certain Senior Notes 
The sole remedy against the Issuer available to the Trustee or any Noteholder for recovery of amounts owing 
in respect of or arising under any Subordinated Notes will be the institution of proceedings for the winding up 
of the Issuer in Ireland but not elsewhere and/or proving in any Winding-Up of the Issuer. 
Similarly, in respect of any Senior Notes where the relevant Final Terms specify “Restricted Events of Default” 
as being applicable, the sole remedy against the Issuer available to the Trustee or any Noteholder for recovery 
of amounts owing in respect of or arising under such Senior Notes will be the institution of proceedings for the 
winding up of the Issuer in Ireland but not elsewhere and/or proving in any Winding-Up of the Issuer. 
As the remedies available to holders of Subordinated Notes or of Senior Notes with restricted events of default 
are restricted as described above, the enforcement rights of holders in respect of these Notes are extremely 
limited. 
31 Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
If Call Option is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes may be redeemed prior 
to their stated maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part), subject to the terms and conditions 
applicable to such redemption.  
If Clean-up Call Option is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, subject to the terms and 
conditions applicable to such redemption, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (in whole) 
where the Clean-up Call Minimum Percentage (or more) of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes 
originally issued has been redeemed or repurchased and subsequently cancelled. 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes, or during any period in which there is an actual or perceived increase in the 
likelihood that the Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes in the future, the market value of those Notes generally 
will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any 
redemption period. 
The Issuer may redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At those 
times, an investor would generally not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate 
as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower 
rate. 
32 Subordinated Notes subject to redemption for regulatory reasons 
Subordinated Notes may be redeemed for regulatory reasons in accordance with provision “Description of the 
Notes—Redemption, Repurchase, Substitution and Variation—Capital Disqualification Event Redemption of 
Subordinated Notes” upon the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event (as defined in “Description of the 
Notes—Certain Definitions”). In the event of a redemption for regulatory reasons, there can be no assurance 
that an investor will be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the 
interest rate on the Subordinated Notes being redeemed. In addition, there can be no assurance that the market 
value of the Subordinated Notes immediately prior to notice of the redemption for regulatory reasons being 
given will not be higher than the price at which they can be redeemed. Conversely, the market price of

--- Page 47 ---
44 
Subordinated Notes may be affected following the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event or as a result 
of the perception that the right to redeem for regulatory reasons may be triggered in the future. 
33 Certain Notes subject to redemption following a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event 
As the implementation of any further amendments to MREL under the BRRD is subject to the adoption of 
further secondary legislation and implementation in Ireland, there can be no assurance that Loss Absorption 
Notes will qualify in full towards the Issuer’s, or the Regulatory Group’s (as defined in “Description of the 
Notes—Certain Definitions”), minimum requirements for (A) own funds and eligible liabilities, and/or (B) loss 
absorbing capacity instruments, in each case as such minimum requirements are applicable to the Issuer and/or 
the Regulatory Group. 
Further, if at any time a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event (as defined in “Description of the Notes— 
Certain Definitions”) occurs and is continuing in relation to any Series of Loss Absorption Notes, and if the 
relevant Final Terms specify that the Issuer has the option to redeem such Notes upon the occurrence of a Loss 
Absorption Disqualification Event, the Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes of such Series in 
accordance with “Description of the Notes—Redemption, Repurchase, Substitution and Variation—Loss 
Absorption Disqualification Event Redemption of Loss Absorption Notes” at the applicable Early Redemption 
Amount, together with any accrued but unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption.  
In the event of such a redemption, there can be no assurance that an investor will be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Senior Notes being redeemed. 
In addition, there can be no assurance that the market value of the Senior Notes immediately prior to notice of 
the redemption being given will not be higher than the price at which they can be redeemed. Conversely, the 
market price of Notes may be affected following the occurrence of a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event or 
as a result of the perception that such right to redeem may be triggered in the future. 
34 Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
On the occurrence of a tax event (as described in “Description of the Notes—Redemption, Repurchase, 
Substitution and Variation—Redemption for Tax Reasons” or, as applicable, the Subordinated Notes), the Issuer 
may, at its option (but subject to certain conditions, including, in the case of Subordinated Notes, “Description 
of the Notes—Redemption, Repurchase, Substitution and Variation—Preconditions to Redemption and 
Purchase of Subordinated Notes” and, in the case of Loss Absorption Notes, “Description of the Notes—
Redemption, Repurchase, Substitution and Variation—Preconditions to Redemption, Purchase, Substitution or 
Variation of Loss Absorption Notes”) redeem all, but not some only, of any relevant Series of Notes at the 
applicable early redemption amount, together with any accrued but unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the 
date fixed for redemption. 
35 Substitution or Variation of Notes 
If, in the case of any series of Subordinated Notes, “Substitution and Variation” is specified as being applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms, then following the occurrence of a Tax Event or Capital Disqualification Event, the 
Issuer may, subject as provided in provision “Description of the Notes—Preconditions to Redemption and 
Purchase of Subordinated Notes” and without the need for any consent of the Noteholders, substitute all (but 
not some only) of such series of Subordinated Notes for, or vary the terms of such series of Subordinated Notes 
so that they remain or become, Tier 2 Compliant Notes (as defined in the terms and conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes, see “Description of the Notes—Certain Definitions”). 
If, in the case of any series of Notes, “Substitution and Variation” is specified as being applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, then following the occurrence of a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event, the Issuer may, subject

--- Page 48 ---
45 
as provided in provision “Description of the Notes—Preconditions to Redemption, Purchase, Substitution or 
Variation of Loss Absorption Notes” of the Notes and without the need for any consent of the Noteholders, 
substitute all (but not some only) of such series of Notes or Loss Absorption Notes, as applicable, for, or vary 
the terms of such series of Notes so that they remain or become, Loss Absorption Compliant Notes (as defined 
in the terms and conditions of the Loss Absorption Notes, see “Description of the Notes—Certain Definitions”), 
in the case of Loss Absorption Notes, or Tier 2 Compliant Notes, in the case of Subordinated Notes.  
While Tier 2 Compliant Notes or Loss Absorption Compliant Notes, as the case may be, must otherwise contain 
terms that are not materially less favourable to Noteholders than the original terms of the relevant Notes, there 
can be no assurance that the terms of any Tier 2 Compliant Notes or Loss Absorption Compliant Notes, as the 
case may be, will be viewed by the market as equally favourable to Noteholders, or that such Notes will trade 
at prices that are equal to the prices at which the Notes would have traded on the basis of their original terms. 
No assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect any particular holder. In 
addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such substituted or varied Notes could be different 
for some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding such Notes 
prior to such substitution or variation. 
36 Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from 
a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest rate may affect the secondary market in, and 
the market value of, such Notes. If the Notes are converted from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate 
Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates 
on other Notes. If the Notes are converted from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate in such circumstances 
may be lower than then prevailing market rates. 
37 Resettable Notes 
In the case of any Notes that are Resettable Notes, the rate of interest on such Resettable Notes will be reset by 
reference to the then prevailing Mid-Swap Rate, as adjusted for any applicable margin, on the reset dates 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. This is more particularly described in “Description of the Notes—
Interest—Interest on Resettable Notes—Fallback Provisions for Resettable Notes”. The reset of the rate of 
interest in accordance with such provisions may affect the secondary market for, and the market value of, such 
Resettable Notes. Following any such reset of the rate of interest applicable to Resettable Notes, the new rate 
may be lower than the previous rate of interest.  
38 Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount tend to fluctuate 
more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. 
Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to 
conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities and such greater price volatility may result 
in an investor losing some, or all, of its initial investment in the Notes. 
39 The Issuer’s obligations under the Subordinated Notes 
The Issuer’s obligations under the Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and subordinated and will rank junior 
in priority to the claims of Senior Creditors (as defined in “Description of the Notes—Certain Definitions”). 
Although Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which are not

--- Page 49 ---
46 
subordinated, there is an increased risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of his 
investment should the Subordinated Notes become subject to the Write-Down Tool when the Issuer is failing 
or likely to fail or the Issuer becomes insolvent or subject to the Resolution Tools. See Risk Factor 27 “The 
BRRD contains resolution tools and other measures that may have a material adverse effect on the Group and 
Noteholders”. 
40 No limitation on issuing senior or pari passu securities 
There is no restriction on the amount of securities or other liabilities which the Issuer (or other members of the 
Group) may issue or incur and which rank senior to, or pari passu with, Subordinated Notes. The issue of any 
such securities or the incurrence of any such other liabilities may reduce the amount (if any) recoverable by 
holders of Subordinated Notes on a Winding-Up of the Issuer. 
41 Limitation on gross-up obligation under Subordinated Notes and Loss Absorption Notes 
The Issuer’s obligation to pay additional amounts in respect of any withholding or deduction for or on account 
of Irish taxes under the terms of the Subordinated Notes or the Loss Absorption Notes applies only to payments 
of interest due and payable under the Subordinated Notes or the Loss Absorption Notes and not to payments of 
principal (which term, for these purposes, includes any premium, final redemption amount, early redemption 
amount, optional redemption amount, Clean-up Call Option Amount, amortised face amount and any other 
amount (other than interest) payable in respect of Subordinated Notes or Loss Absorption Notes). As such, the 
Issuer would not be required to pay any additional amounts under the terms of the Subordinated Notes or the 
Loss Absorption Notes to the extent any withholding or deduction for or on account of Irish tax is applied to 
payments of principal. Accordingly, if any such withholding or deduction were to apply to any payments of 
principal under any Subordinated Notes or Loss Absorption Notes, holders of such Subordinated Notes or such 
Loss Absorption Notes would, upon repayment or redemption of such Subordinated Notes or such Loss 
Absorption Notes, be entitled to receive only the net amount of such redemption or repayment proceeds after 
deduction of the amount required to be withheld. Therefore, holders may receive less than the full amount due 
under such Subordinated Notes or such Loss Absorption Notes, and the market value of such Subordinated 
Notes or such Loss Absorption Notes may be adversely affected as a result. 
42 No rights of set-off 
Subject to applicable law, no holder of a Subordinated Note or a Senior Note where the relevant Final Terms 
specify “Waiver of Set-off” as being applicable may exercise, claim or plead any right of set-off, compensation, 
netting or retention in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer in respect of, arising under or in connection 
with such Note and each holder of such Note shall, by virtue of its holding of any such Note, be deemed to have 
waived all such rights of set-off and therefore any such Noteholder will not be able to exercise, claim or plead 
any right of set-off, compensation, netting or retention in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer in 
respect of, arising under or in connection with the Notes or the Coupons relating thereto, or the Indenture. This 
could have an adverse impact on the counterparty risk for such Noteholders in the event that the Issuer were to 
become insolvent. 
43 The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including SOFR and SONIA) as 
reference rates for Floating Rate Notes 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates, such as SOFR and 
SONIA, as reference rates in the capital markets for U.S. dollar or sterling bonds, as applicable, and their 
adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates such as U.S. dollar or sterling LIBOR. In 
particular, market participants and relevant working groups have been working together to design alternative

--- Page 50 ---
47 
reference rates based on risk-free rates, including applying term versions of certain risk-free rates (which seek 
to measure the market’s forward expectation of an average of these reference rates over a designated term, as 
they are overnight rates) or different measures of such risk-free rates. For example, on 2 March 2020, the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, as administrator of SOFR, began publishing the SOFR Compounded Index and on 
3 August 2020, the Bank of England, as the administrator of SONIA, began publishing the SONIA Compounded 
Index.  
The use of risk-free rates such as SOFR and SONIA as a reference rate for Eurobonds continues to develop 
both in terms of the substance of the calculation and in the adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance 
and trading of bonds referencing these risk-free rates. In particular, investors should be aware that several 
different SOFR methodologies have been used in SOFR and SONIA linked notes issued to date and no 
assurance can be given that any particular methodology will gain widespread market acceptance. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly 
from that set out in the terms and conditions applicable to the Notes. If the relevant risk-free rates do not prove 
to be widely used in securities such as the Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to such risk-free rates 
may be lower than those of Notes referencing rates that are more widely used. Furthermore, the Issuer may in 
the future also issue Notes referencing SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR or SOFR Compounded 
Index that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous SONIA, 
SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR or SOFR Compounded Index referenced Notes issued by it under this 
Programme. The development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond markets could result in reduced liquidity or 
increased volatility, or could otherwise affect the market price of any Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued 
under this Programme from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the derivatives 
and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of such reference 
rates across the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements 
which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing such 
risk-free rates.  
Risk-free rates such as SOFR and SONIA differ from interbank offered rates in a number of material respects. 
For instance, risk-free rates such as SOFR and SONIA are backwards-looking, compounded, risk-free overnight 
rates, whereas interbank offered rates are expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and includes a risk-
element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that interbank offered rates and risk-
free rates such as SOFR or SONIA may behave materially differently as interest reference rates for the Notes. 
Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore will 
perform differently over time to an unsecured rate. For example, since publication of SOFR began in April 2018 
daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or 
other market rates. 
Risk-free rates have a limited history. For instance, publication of SOFR and SONIA (in its current form) began 
in April 2018. The future performance of risk-free rates such as SOFR and SONIA may therefore be difficult 
to predict based on the limited historical performance. Risk-free rate levels during the term of the Notes may 
bear little or no relation to their historical levels. Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market 
variables and their relation to risk-free rates such as correlations, may change in the future. Investors should not 
rely on hypothetical or actual historical performance data as an indicator of the future performance of such risk-
free rates nor should they rely on any hypothetical data. 
The Issuer has no control over its determination, calculation or publication of risk-free rates such as SOFR or 
SONIA. There can be no guarantee that such rates will not be discontinued, suspended or fundamentally altered

--- Page 51 ---
48 
in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in Floating Rate Notes linked to the relevant 
rate. In particular, the New York Federal Reserve and the Bank of England (or a successor), as administrator of 
SOFR (and the SOFR Compounded Index) and SONIA (and the SONIA Compounded Index), respectively, 
may make methodological or other changes that could change the value of SOFR or SONIA or their related 
indices, including changes related to the method by which SOFR or SONIA or a related index is calculated, 
eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SOFR or SONIA, or timing related to the 
publication of SOFR or SONIA or a related index. In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or 
suspend calculation or dissemination of SOFR or SONIA or a related index (in which case a fallback method 
of determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply). The administrator has no obligation to consider the 
interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing SOFR or SONIA or 
a related index.  
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes which 
reference any risk-free rates, including SONIA or SOFR. 
44 The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such “benchmarks” 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (such as a Reference Rate), are the subject of 
recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are 
already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to 
perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. 
Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a 
“benchmark”. Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended, the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”) was published in 
the Official Journal of the European Union on 29 June 2016 and became applicable from 1 January 2018. The 
EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, 
the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. It, among other things, 
(i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an 
equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities 
(such as the Issuer) of “benchmarks” of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, 
not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks 
Regulation”) applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use 
of a benchmark within the UK. It, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised 
or registered (or, if non-UK-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) 
and (ii) prevents certain uses by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised 
or registered (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any 
Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark” (such as Floating Rate Notes and Resettable Notes), in particular, 
if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the requirements of 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other 
things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level 
of the “benchmark”. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
“benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
“benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements.

--- Page 52 ---
49 
The potential elimination of any benchmark (including, for example, EURIBOR), or changes in the manner of 
administration of any benchmark, could require an adjustment to the terms and conditions, or result in other 
consequences, in respect of any Notes linked to such benchmark. Such factors may have the following effects 
on certain “benchmarks”: (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to the 
“benchmark”, (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the “benchmark” or (iii) lead to the 
disappearance of the “benchmark”. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of 
international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on 
the value of and return on any Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation in making any 
investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”.  
The “Description of the Notes” provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published 
benchmark (excluding SOFR), such as EURIBOR or other relevant reference rates (including, without 
limitation, mid-swap rates) and including any page on which such Benchmark may be published (or any 
successor service), becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event otherwise occurs, including the possibility that 
the rate of interest could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative reference rate and that such 
successor rate or alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if required), all as determined by the Issuer in 
consultation with an Independent Adviser, acting in good faith in a commercially reasonable manner. Any 
adjustment spread could be positive, negative or zero. In making such determinations, it is possible that the 
interests of the Issuer might not align with those of Noteholders. No Successor Rate or Alternative Rate will be 
adopted, nor will the applicable Adjustment Spread be applied, nor will any Benchmark Amendments be made, 
if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice 
the then current or future qualification of the Notes as (i) Tier 2 Capital, or (ii) own funds and eligible liabilities 
or loss absorbing capacity instruments for the purposes of the Relevant Regulator or by the Loss Absorption 
Regulations in the case of Notes that are Loss Absorption Notes, as applicable, or in the case of Loss Absorption 
Notes, could reasonably be expected to result in the Relevant Regulator treating the next Interest Payment Date 
or Reset Date, as the effective maturity dates of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date.  
Where the original benchmark is SOFR, the Benchmark Replacement provisions in the terms and conditions 
specify a “waterfall” of alternative rates that may become the Benchmark Replacement. These alternative rates 
are uncertain and no market convention currently exists, or may ever exist, for their determination. For example, 
the ISDA Fallback Rate, which is the rate referenced in the ISDA Definitions that is to be effective upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor, has not been 
established as of the date hereof. Even after the ISDA Fallback Rate is initially determined, ISDA Definitions 
and the ISDA Fallback Rate may change over time. Uncertainty surrounding the establishment of market 
conventions related to the calculation of the ISDA Fallback Rate and other alternative rates, and whether any 
of the alternative rates is a suitable replacement or successor for the original Reference Rate, may adversely 
affect the value of and return on Notes referencing SOFR as the original Reference Rate. 
 In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of interest for a particular Interest 
Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the 
effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the 
Relevant Screen Page or the last ISDA rate calculable by the Calculation Agent, or, in the case of Resettable 
Notes, the application of the Reset Rate for a preceding Reset Period or the application of the Initial Rate of 
Interest applicable to such Notes on the Interest Commencement Date. In addition, due to the uncertainty 
concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an 
Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time.

--- Page 53 ---
50 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the trading market for, liquidity of, value of 
and return on any such Notes. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting 
or existence of any relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the 
Floating Rate Notes or Resettable Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and 
the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes or Resettable Notes or could impact the availability and cost 
of hedging instruments and borrowings or cause a potential mismatch with any hedging instruments or 
borrowing arrangements already in place relating to such Notes. Investors should consider these matters when 
making their investment decision with respect to the relevant Floating Rate Notes or Resettable Notes. 
Risks Related to Notes Generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
45 The Issuer is a holding company 
The Notes issued by the Issuer are the obligation of the Issuer only. The Issuer is a holding company and 
conducts substantially all of its operations through its subsidiaries, and accordingly the claims of the 
Noteholders under the Notes issued by the Issuer will be structurally subordinated to the creditors of the Issuer’s 
subsidiaries. The Issuer’s subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities, and have no obligation to pay any 
amounts due or to provide the Issuer with funds to meet any of the Issuer’s payment obligations under the Notes. 
The Issuer’s rights to participate in the assets of any subsidiary if such subsidiary is liquidated will be subject 
to the prior claims of such subsidiary’s creditors and any preference shareholders, except in the circumstance 
where the Issuer is also a creditor of such subsidiary with claims that are recognised to be ranked ahead of or 
pari passu with such claims. Accordingly, if one of the Issuer’s subsidiaries were to be wound up, liquidated or 
dissolved; (i) the holders of Notes issued by the Issuer would have no right to proceed against the assets of such 
subsidiary, and (ii) the Issuer would only recover any amounts (directly, or indirectly through its holdings of 
other subsidiaries) in the liquidation of that subsidiary in respect of its direct or indirect holding of ordinary 
shares in such subsidiary, if and to the extent that any surplus assets remain following payment in full of the 
claims of the creditors and preference shareholders (if any) of that subsidiary. 
As well as the risk of losses in the event of a Group subsidiary’s insolvency, the Issuer may suffer losses if any 
of its loans to, or investments in, its subsidiaries are subject to statutory write-down and conversion powers or 
if the subsidiary is otherwise subject to resolution proceedings. The Issuer may in the future make loans to AIB 
Bank and its other subsidiaries, with the proceeds received from the Issuer’s issuance of debt instruments. 
Where securities issued by the Issuer have been structured so as to qualify as capital instruments under CRD 
IV, the terms of the corresponding on-loan to AIB Bank may be structured to achieve equivalent regulatory 
capital treatment for such subsidiary. Accordingly, loans to AIB Bank may contain contractual mechanisms that, 
upon the occurrence of a trigger related to the prudential or financial condition of the Group or such subsidiary, 
would automatically result in a write-down or conversion into equity of such loans. 
The Issuer retains its absolute discretion to restructure such loans to (or any other investments in) any of its 
Group subsidiaries, including AIB Bank, at any time and for any purpose including, without limitation, in order 
to provide different amounts or types of capital or funding to such subsidiary as part of meeting regulatory 
requirements, including the implementation of MREL or the TLAC in respect of the Group and the relevant 
subsidiaries. A restructuring of a loan or investment made by the Issuer in a Group subsidiary could include 
changes to any or all features of such loan, including its legal or regulatory form, how it would rank in the event 
of resolution and/or insolvency proceedings in relation to the Group subsidiary, and the inclusion of a 
mechanism that provides for an automatic write-down and/or conversion into equity upon specified triggers. 
Any restructuring of the Issuer’s loans to any of the Group subsidiaries may be implemented by the Issuer 
without prior notification to, or consent of, the Noteholders.

--- Page 54 ---
51 
46 Modification, waivers and substitution 
The terms and conditions of the Senior Notes and the Subordinated Notes will contain provisions for calling 
meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions will permit 
defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant 
meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. Given the ability of permitted 
majorities to bind minorities, a Noteholder could find that an amendment is made to the Notes, which binds all 
Noteholders, that it did not support. 
The Trustee may, without the consent of Noteholders, agree to (i) any modification of, or to the waiver or 
authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of Notes or (ii) the substitution of a 
successor in business of the Issuer, a subsidiary of the Issuer or a successor in business thereof as principal 
debtor under any Notes in place of the Issuer, in the circumstances described in “Description of the Notes—
Waivers”. 
In addition, pursuant to the provision “Description of the Notes—Benchmark Discontinuation”, certain changes 
may be made to the interest calculation provisions of the Floating Rate Notes or Resettable Notes in the 
circumstances set out in the provision “Description of the Notes—Interest”, without the requirement for consent 
of the Trustee or the Noteholders. See Risk Factor 44 “The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may 
adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing such “benchmarks”” above. 
47 European Monetary Union 
The Eurozone sovereign debt crisis has led to continuing and increased speculation that one or more Eurozone 
countries might abandon the euro as its national currency and even, although generally thought of as an extreme 
circumstance, the possible disappearance of the euro as a currency. There is a great deal of legal uncertainty 
surrounding these possibilities but it is likely, in the event that Ireland were to abandon the euro as its national 
currency, that contracts denominated in euro, including the Notes, would be redenominated into whatever 
currency replaced the euro as the national currency of Ireland with the possibility of consequent foreign 
exchange risk and the other uncertainties attendant on such an eventuality constituting risks relating to Notes 
denominated in euro. 
48 Change of law 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on New York law and, in respect of subordination, waiver of 
set-off (where applicable) and the Loss Absorption Powers on Irish law, in each case in effect as at the date of 
issue of the relevant Notes. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or 
change to New York law or Irish law or administrative practice after the date of issue of the relevant Notes. 
Such changes in law may include, but are not limited to, the introduction of a variety of statutory resolution and 
loss absorption tools which may affect the rights of holders of the Notes. Such tools may include the ability to 
write off sums otherwise payable on the Notes. 
Risks Related to the Market Generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
49 Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes or Resettable Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest 
rates may adversely affect the value of Fixed Rate Notes or Resettable Notes, as the case may be.

--- Page 55 ---
52 
50 The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be liquid and may be sensitive to changes in financial markets. Therefore, investors may 
not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market. This may particularly be the case for Notes that are 
especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or 
strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These 
types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than 
conventional debt securities. In addition, liquidity may be limited if the Issuer makes large allocations to a 
limited number of investors. Illiquidity may have a severe adverse effect on the market value of Notes. If a 
market for the Notes does develop, the trading price of the Notes may be subject to wide fluctuations in response 
to many factors, including those referred to in this risk factor, as well as stock market fluctuations and general 
economic conditions that may adversely affect the market price of the Notes. Publicly traded notes from time 
to time experience significant price and volume fluctuations that may be unrelated to the operating performance 
of the companies that have issued them, and such volatility may be increased in an illiquid market. If any market 
in the Notes does develop, it may become severely restricted, or may disappear, if the financial condition 
deteriorates such that there is an actual or perceived increased likelihood of the Issuer being unable to pay 
interest on the Notes in full, or of the Notes being subject to loss absorption under an applicable statutory loss 
absorption regime. In addition, the market price of the Notes may fluctuate significantly in response to a number 
of factors, some of which are beyond the Issuer’s control, including: 
 
actual or expected variations in the Group’s operating performance; 
 
any shortfall in revenue or net profit or any increase in losses from levels expected by market 
commentators; 
 
increases in capital expenditure compared with expectations; 
 
any perception that the Group’s strategy is or may be less effective than previously assumed or that the 
Group is not effectively implementing any significant projects; 
 
changes in financial estimates by securities analysts; 
 
changes in market valuations of similar entities; 
 
announcements by the Group of significant acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint ventures, new 
initiatives, new services or new service ranges; 
 
regulatory matters, including changes in regulatory regulations or Central Bank requirements; 
 
additions or departures of key personnel; and 
 
future issues or sales of Notes or other notes. 
Any or all of these events could result in material fluctuations in the price of Notes which could lead to investors 
losing some or all of their investment. 
The issue price of the Notes might not be indicative of prices that will prevail in the trading market, and there 
can be no assurance that an investor would be able to sell its Notes at or near the price which it paid for them, 
or at a price that would provide it with a yield comparable to more conventional investments that have a 
developed secondary market.

--- Page 56 ---
53 
Moreover, although the Issuer and any subsidiary of the Issuer can (subject to regulatory approval and 
compliance with prevailing prudential requirements) purchase Notes at any time, they have no obligation to do 
so. Purchases made by the Issuer or any member of the Group could affect the liquidity of the secondary market 
of the Notes and thus the price and the conditions under which investors can negotiate these Notes on the 
secondary market. 
In addition, Holders should be aware of the prevailing and widely reported global credit market conditions 
(which continue, to some extent, at the date of the Base Prospectus), whereby there has been a general lack of 
liquidity in the secondary market which, if it were to continue or worsen in future, could result in investors 
suffering losses on the Notes in secondary resales even if there were no decline in the performance of the Notes 
or the assets of the Issuer. In addition, recent regulatory actions by the United States Securities and Exchange 
Commission under Rule 15c2-11 of the United States Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange 
Act”) may restrict the ability of brokers and dealers to publish quotations on the Notes on any interdealer 
quotation system or other quotation medium after January 4, 2025, which may materially adversely affect the 
liquidity and trading prices for the Notes. The Issuer cannot predict whether these circumstances will change 
and whether, if and when they do change, there will be a more liquid market for the Notes and instruments 
similar to the Notes at that time. 
Although application has been made for the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin, 
there is no assurance that such application will be accepted or that an active trading market in any Notes issued 
under the Programme (whether listed on Euronext Dublin or not) will develop. 
51 Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency (as defined in “Description of 
the Notes—Certain Definitions”). This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s 
financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other 
than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including 
changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk 
that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the 
Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes in the Investor’s 
Currency. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the 
Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
52 Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to an issue of Notes. The ratings may 
not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, the additional factors discussed above 
and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. Further, one or more credit rating agencies may from 
time to time release unsolicited credit ratings reports in relation to the Notes without the consent or knowledge 
of the Issuer. The Issuer does not have any control over such reports or analyses and any adverse credit rating 
of the Notes could adversely affect the value of Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, EU regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered

--- Page 57 ---
54 
under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration application is pending. Such 
general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless 
the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating 
agency is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, 
as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances).  
UK regulated investors are restricted under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”) from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes unless 
such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that 
apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration application is pending. Such general restriction will also 
apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-UK credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are 
endorsed by a UK-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-UK rating agency is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has 
not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the EU CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory 
purposes in the EU or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which 
may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market.  
53 The Issuer is exposed to changing methodology by rating agencies 
The Issuer is exposed to changes in the rating methodologies applied by rating agencies. Any adverse changes 
of such methodologies may result in a change in the ratings given to the Issuer or the Notes which in turn may 
materially and adversely affect the Issuer’s operations or financial condition and capital market standing. 
54 Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (1) the Notes are investments in which it may legally invest, (2) the Notes can be used as 
collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to any purchase or pledge by it of any 
Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the 
appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 58 ---
55 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
(i) the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements of the Issuer prepared in 
accordance with International Accounting Standard 34, “Interim Financial Reporting” as at and for the 
six months ended 30 June 2023, together with the review report thereon as set out on pages 76 to 121 
and pages 123 and 124 (the “2023 Half-Yearly Financial Statements”), (ii) the section titled “Our 
Strategic Progress” on page 9 and (iii) the sections listed in the “Operating and Financial Review and 
Risk Management” section of this Base Prospectus, in each case of the interim financial report of the 
Issuer for the six months ended 30 June 2023 (the “2023 Half-Yearly Financial Report”), which has been 
previously published; 
(b) 
(i) the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer prepared in accordance with IFRS, as 
adopted by the European Union as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2022, together with 
the audit report thereon as set out on pages 211 to 352 (the “2022 Financial Statements”), (ii) the sections 
titled “Board of Directors” and “Executive Committee” on pages 78 to 83, (iii) the sections titled “Our 
Strategic Progress” and “Our Strategy in Action” on pages 16 to 21, and (iv) the sections listed in the 
“Operating and Financial Review and Risk Management” section of this Base Prospectus, in each case 
of the annual financial report of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2022 (the “2022 Annual 
Financial Report”), which has been previously published;  
(c) 
(i) the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer prepared in accordance with IFRS, as 
adopted by the European Union as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2021, together with 
the audit report thereon as set out on pages 217 to 366 (the “2021 Financial Statements” and, together 
with the 2023 Half-Yearly Financial Statements and the 2022 Financial Statements, the “Financial 
Statements”), and (ii) the sections listed in the “Operating and Financial Review and Risk Management” 
section of this Base Prospectus, in each case of the annual financial report of the Issuer for the year 
ended 31 December 2021 (the “2021 Annual Financial Report”), which has been previously published;  
(d) 
the 31 March 2023 Pillar 3 disclosures of the Group, which have been previously published; 
(e) 
the 31 December 2022 Pillar 3 disclosures of the Group, which have been previously published;  
(f) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes as contained in pages 124 to 173 of the base prospectus dated 16 
September 2022 in respect of the Programme;  
(g) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes as contained in pages 134 to 171 of the base prospectus dated 2 
April 2019 in respect of the Programme; and 
(h) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes as contained in pages 224 to 263 of the base prospectus dated 2 
October 2018 in respect of the Programme, 
save that any statement contained herein, or in a document all or the relative portion of which is incorporated 
by reference herein, shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to 
the extent that a statement contained herein or in any such document, all or the relative portion of which is 
deemed to be incorporated by reference herein, modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether 
expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except 
as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
AIB will provide, without charge, to each person to whom a copy of this Base Prospectus has been delivered, 
upon the written request of any such person, a copy of any or all of the documents which, or portions of which,

--- Page 59 ---
56 
are incorporated herein by reference. Written requests for such documents should be directed to AIB at its 
registered office set out at the end of this Base Prospectus. 
The documents referred to above are available electronically on AIB’s website via the following links:  
 
https://aib.ie/content/dam/frontdoor/investorrelations/docs/resultscentre/annualreport/2023/aib-group-
plc-hyf-report-2023.pdf  
 
https://aib.ie/content/dam/frontdoor/investorrelations/docs/resultscentre/annualreport/2022/AIB-
Group-plc-AFR-dec-2022.pdf 
 
https://aib.ie/content/dam/frontdoor/investorrelations/docs/resultscentre/annualreport/2021/aib-group-
plc-2021-annual-financial-report-3-march-2022.pdf  
 
https://aib.ie/content/dam/frontdoor/investorrelations/docs/resultscentre/pillar3/AIB-Group-plc-Q1-
2023-Pillar-3-Disclosures.pdf  
 
https://aib.ie/content/dam/frontdoor/investorrelations/docs/resultscentre/pillar3/AIB-Group-plc-Q4-
2022-Pillar-3-Disclosures.pdf 
 
https://aib.ie/content/dam/frontdoor/investorrelations/docs/debt-investors/AIB-Group-plc-Global-
Medium-Term-Note-Programme.pdf 
 
https://aib.ie/content/dam/frontdoor/investorrelations/docs/debt-investors/aib-gmtn-programme-
update-2019.pdf 
 
https://aib.ie/content/dam/aib/investorrelations/docs/debt-investors/aib-gmtn-2018-final-base-
prospectus.pdf 
The Issuer’s website and its contents are not otherwise incorporated into, and do not form part of, this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 60 ---
57 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
AIB has agreed that, for so long as any Notes are “restricted securities” as defined in Rule 144(a)(3) under the 
Securities Act, AIB will during any period that it is neither subject to section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, 
nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder furnish, upon request, to any holder or 
beneficial owner of such restricted securities or any prospective purchaser designated by any such holder or 
beneficial owner or to the Trustee for delivery to such holder, beneficial owner or prospective purchaser, in each 
case upon the request of such holder, beneficial owner, prospective purchaser or Trustee, the information 
required to be delivered pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act.

--- Page 61 ---
58 
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION 
If at any time AIB shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, AIB will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base 
Prospectus as required by the Central Bank and Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
AIB has given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during the duration of the Programme a 
significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy arises or is noted relating to the information included in 
this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting an assessment by investors of any Notes and whose inclusion 
would reasonably be expected by them to be found in this Base Prospectus, for the purpose of enabling them to 
make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of 
AIB and/or of the rights attaching to such Notes, AIB shall update or prepare an amendment or supplement to 
this Base Prospectus or publish a replacement base prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent 
offering of the Notes and shall supply to each Dealer such number of copies of such supplement hereto as such 
Dealer may reasonably request.

--- Page 62 ---
59 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
Presentation of financial information 
The financial information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus consists of the 2023 Half-Yearly 
Financial Statements, the 2022 Financial Statements and the 2021 Financial Statements. The 2022 Financial 
Statements and the 2021 Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS, as adopted by the 
European Union and audited by Deloitte Ireland LLP (“Deloitte”). The 2023 Half-Yearly Financial Statements 
have been prepared in accordance with IAS 34, as adopted by the European Union and reviewed by 
PricewaterhouseCoopers (“PwC”). 
Alternative Performance Measures 
In addition to the financial information prepared in accordance with IFRS, this Base Prospectus includes certain 
alternative performance measures (“APMs”) as defined in the guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures 
issued by the European Securities and Markets Authority on 5 October 2015 (ESMA/2015/1415) (the “ESMA 
APM Guidelines”). The ESMA APM Guidelines define an APM as a financial measure of historical or future 
performance, financial position, or cash flows, other than a financial measure defined or specified in the 
applicable financial reporting framework. 
AIB uses certain APMs, which have not been audited, for a better understanding of its financial performance. 
These measures are considered additional disclosures and in no case replace the financial information prepared 
under IFRS. Moreover, the way AIB defines and calculates these measures may differ from the way similar 
measures are calculated by other companies. Accordingly, they may not be comparable. 
In the “Operating and Financial Review” in the 2023 Half-Yearly Financial Report, the 2022 Annual Financial 
Report and the 2021 Annual Financial Report, incorporated by reference herein, AIB’s results of operations are 
presented on a management basis with exceptional items reported separately. Exceptional items are items that 
management believes obscure the underlying performance trends in the business. See “Operating and Financial 
Review—Alternative performance measures” and “Operating and Financial Review—Reconciliation between 
IFRS and management performance summary income statements” in the 2023 Half-Yearly Financial Report, 
the 2022 Annual Financial Report and the 2021 Annual Financial Report, incorporated by reference herein, for 
a description of exceptional items that management believes obscure the underlying performance trends in the 
business and a reconciliation to each resulting APM from the most directly reconcilable IFRS line item. 
For further information, including a complete list of APMs, including definitions and reconciliations, see 
“Operating and Financial Review—Alternative performance measures” and “Operating and Financial 
Review—Reconciliation between IFRS and management performance summary income statements” in the 
2023 Half-Yearly Financial Report, the 2022 Annual Financial Report and the 2021 Annual Financial Report, 
as incorporated by reference herein.  
Currency presentation 
Unless otherwise indicated, all references to the “Euro”, “euro” or “€” are to the currency introduced at the start 
of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended. All references in this Base Prospectus to “sterling”, “pounds sterling”, “GBP”, “£” or 
“pence” are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. All references to “dollars”, “$” or “U.S.$” are to the 
lawful currency of the United States. 
The Group presents its financial statements in euro.

--- Page 63 ---
60 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information contained in this Base Prospectus has been expressed in 
euro. 
Rounding 
Percentages and certain amounts in this Base Prospectus, including financial, statistical and operating 
information, have been rounded. Thus, the figures shown as totals may not be the precise sum of the figures 
that precede them. 
Market, economic and industry data 
Certain information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced by the Group from industry publications, data and 
reports compiled by professional organisations and analysts and data from other external sources. The Issuer 
confirms that all third-party information contained in this Base Prospectus has been accurately reproduced and, 
so far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published by that third-party, no facts have 
been omitted that would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.  
Where third-party information has been used in this Base Prospectus, the source of such information has been 
identified. 
Certain of the aforementioned third-party sources may state that the information they contain has been obtained 
from sources believed to be reliable. However, such third-party sources may also state that the accuracy and 
completeness of such information is not guaranteed and that the projections they contain are based on significant 
assumptions. As the Group does not have access to the facts and assumptions underlying such market data, 
statistical information and economic indicators contained in these third-party sources, it is unable to verify such 
information. 
Forward-looking statements 
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements with respect to the financial condition, results 
of operations and business of the Group and certain of the plans and objectives of the Group. These forward-
looking statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate only to historical or current facts. 
Forward-looking statements sometimes use words such as “aim”, “anticipate”, “target”, “expect”, “estimate”, 
“intend”, “plan”, “goal”, “believe”, “may”, “could”, “will”, “seek”, “continue”, “should”, “assume” or other 
words of similar meaning. Examples of forward-looking statements include, among others, statements 
regarding the Group’s future financial position, capital structure, income growth, loan losses, business strategy, 
projected costs, capital ratios, estimates of capital expenditures, and plans and objectives for future operations. 
Because such statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ materially 
from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking information. By their nature, forward-looking 
statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will 
occur in the future. There are a number of factors that could cause actual results and developments to differ 
materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These are set out in “Risk 
Factors”. In addition to matters relating to the Group’s business, future performance will be impacted by the 
direct and indirect consequences of the Russia-Ukraine war on European and global macroeconomic conditions, 
the impact of higher inflation on customer sentiment and by Irish, UK and wider European and global economic 
and financial market considerations. Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of the Group speak 
only as of the date they are made. The Group cautions that the list of important factors in “Risk Factors” is not 
exhaustive. Investors and others should carefully consider the foregoing factors and other uncertainties and 
events when making an investment decision based on any forward-looking statement. 
The Issuer undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of 
new information, future events or otherwise. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements

--- Page 64 ---
61 
attributable to the Issuer or to persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the 
cautionary statements referred to above and contained elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Definitions 
Certain terms used in this Base Prospectus, including all capitalised terms and certain technical and other terms, 
are defined and explained in “Definitions” and “Glossary of Technical Terms”. 
No incorporation of website information 
The Base Prospectus will be made available to the public in Ireland and the United Kingdom at www.aib.ie. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, the contents of the 
Issuer’s website, any website mentioned in this Base Prospectus or any website directly or indirectly linked to 
these websites have not been verified and do not form part of this Base Prospectus, and investors should not 
rely on such information.

--- Page 65 ---
62 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
An amount equal to the net proceeds from the issue of any Tranche of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for 
the general funding purposes of the Issuer. If in respect of a particular Tranche of Notes, there is a particular 
identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 66 ---
63 
CAPITALISATION AND INDEBTEDNESS 
The following table sets out AIB’s capitalisation and indebtedness as at 30 June 2023, which have been derived 
from the 2023 Half-Yearly Financial Statements. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there has been no 
material change in the Group’s capitalisation since 30 June 2023. 
 
 
As at 30 
June 2023 
 
 
(€ millions)  
Indebtedness 
 
 
Current Debt(1) 
 
 
Debt securities in issue(2) 
 
 
Secured ...................................................................................................................................... 
0 
Unsecured ................................................................................................................................. 
847 
Total current debt .................................................................................................................... 
847 
Non current Debt 
 
 
Debt securities in issue(2)  
 
 
Secured ...................................................................................................................................... 
26 
Unsecured ................................................................................................................................. 
5,797 
 
 
5,823 
Subordinated liabilities 
 
 
Dated (unsecured) ..................................................................................................................... 
1,420 
Total non-current debt ............................................................................................................ 
7,243 
Total Indebtedness .................................................................................................................. 
8,090 
Capitalisation 
 
 
Share capital .............................................................................................................................. 
1,637 
Share premium .......................................................................................................................... 
— 
Other reserves ........................................................................................................................... 
10,034 
Additional Tier 1 securities(3) .................................................................................................... 
1,115 
Total capitalisation .................................................................................................................. 
12,786 
Total capitalisation and indebtedness .................................................................................... 
20,876 
 
Notes: 
 
(1) 
Maturity up to one year. 
(2) 
Maturity analysis of debt securities in issue is based on expected maturity. 
(3) 
Additional Tier 1 securities with a par value of €1,125 million.

--- Page 67 ---
64 
Indirect and contingent indebtedness, which comprises (i) guarantees and irrevocable letters of credit, and (ii) 
other contingent liabilities, totalled €765 million at 30 June 2023. For information on AIB’s indirect and 
contingent indebtedness, see note 31 of the 2023 Half-Yearly Financial Statements.

--- Page 68 ---
65 
INFORMATION ON AIB 
Information in this “Information on AIB” section should be read in conjunction with the more detailed 
information contained in this Base Prospectus, including the financial and other information contained in 
“Operating and Financial Review”.  
Overview  
The Issuer is a public limited company incorporated in Ireland on 8 December 2016 under the Companies Act 
2014, with registration number 594283. AIB is a financial services group operating predominantly in Ireland 
and the United Kingdom, providing a comprehensive range of services to retail, business and corporate 
customers with market-leading positions across key segments. AIB is the principal brand of the Group across 
all geographies in which it operates. Two of the Group’s subsidiaries also operate in Ireland, EBS, a challenger 
brand, and Haven, a mortgage broker channel. The Group also operates in Great Britain as Allied Irish Bank 
(GB), and in Northern Ireland, under the trading name of AIB Northern Ireland (“AIB NI”).  
AIB offers a full suite of products for retail customers, including mortgages, personal loans, credit cards, current 
accounts, insurance, pensions, financial planning, investments, savings and deposits. Its products for business 
and corporate customers include finance and loans, business current accounts, deposits, foreign exchange and 
interest rate risk management products, trade finance products, invoice discounting, leasing, credit cards, 
merchant services, payments and corporate finance. 
AIB’s profit before taxation was €987 million and €537 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023 and 
2022, respectively, and a profit of €880 million, a profit of €629 million and a loss of €931 million for the years 
ended 31 December 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As at 30 June 2023, AIB had total assets of €131.3 
billion and equity of €12.8 billion and as at 31 December 2022, total assets of €129.8 billion and equity of €12.3 
billion. 
History 
AIB has a long history of operating in Ireland, with its predecessor organisations having been part of the Irish 
banking sector for almost 200 years. AIB Bank was incorporated as a limited company on 21 September 1966 
and was subsequently re-registered as a public limited company on 2 January 1985. In 1996, AIB’s retail 
operations in the United Kingdom were integrated and the resulting entity was renamed AIB Group (UK) p.l.c., 
with two distinct trading names: Allied Irish Bank (GB) in Great Britain and AIB NI in Northern Ireland.  
Following measures and capital investments by the Irish Government in response to the global financial crisis 
in 2008, the Irish Government owned 99.8 per cent. of the ordinary shares in the capital of AIB. In June 2017, 
the Irish Government and AIB Bank completed a secondary offering of ordinary shares, reducing the Irish 
Government’s holding to 71.12 per cent. Admission to the Official Lists together with admission to trading on 
the main markets for listed securities on the Irish Stock Exchange (now known as the Irish Stock Exchange plc, 
trading as Euronext Dublin) and the London Stock Exchange commenced on 27 June 2017.  
In December 2017, AIB completed a reorganisation in which AIB Bank’s shares were cancelled, with one share 
of the Issuer being issued for every AIB Bank share held at such time. On 11 December 2017, the entire issued 
ordinary share capital of AIB Group plc, comprising 2,714,381,237 ordinary shares, was admitted to the Official 
Lists of each of the Irish Stock Exchange (now known as the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext 
Dublin) and the FCA and to trading on the main markets of the Irish Stock Exchange (now known as the Irish 
Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin) and the London Stock Exchange. As at 31 December 2021, 
the Irish Government maintained a 71.12 per cent. shareholding in AIB Group plc. In December 2021, the 
Minister for Finance announced the planned sell down of a part of the Irish State’s shareholding in the Issuer

--- Page 69 ---
66 
through a pre-arranged trading plan which has reduced the shareholding to 46.90 per cent. as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Strategy  
AIB’s strategic ambition is to be at the heart of customers’ financial lives by comprehensively meeting their 
(personal and business) life-stage needs, and consistently doing the right thing. This ambition is supported by 
AIB’s overarching purpose to empower people to build a sustainable future. AIB is currently in the final year 
of a three-year strategy cycle that aimed to address product gaps, generate efficiencies through increased 
automation and digitization, and deliver cost savings. The next three-year cycle (2024-2026) currently in 
development will build upon the existing strategy foundations. The emerging strategy will focus on customer-
centric solutions, with an emphasis on deepening customer relationships through a more integrated model 
enabled by a scalable customer service platform that supports AIB’s strategic ambition. AIB will continue to be 
a capital accretive business that plays a pivotal role in the transition to a low carbon economy. 
The 2023 Half-Yearly Financial Report highlights the progress made in delivering on the strategic agenda, 
which concludes at the end of 2023. In addition, the 2022 Annual Financial Report offers insights into AIB’s 
business model, strategic progress, and strategy in action. 
AIB’s Business 
AIB operates through the following business segments: Retail Banking, AIB Capital Markets (“Capital 
Markets”), AIB UK and Group Segment.  
Retail Banking  
Retail Banking is a leading provider of financial products and services to personal and SME customers in 
Ireland based on market share across core personal and SME products which are delivered through its number 
one digital bank in Ireland and its branch network. The segment serves over 3.1 million customers, including 
over 2.15 million digitally active customers. Retail Banking has an expanded reach via EBS, Haven, AIB 
Merchant Services, Payzone and Nifti. 
Retail Banking core markets include Homes, Consumer, SME, Wealth through the recently launched joint 
venture AIB life and Financial Solutions Group (“FSG”) in a single integrated segment, focused on meeting the 
current, emerging and future needs of the Group’s personal and SME customers.  
Homes and Consumer are respectively responsible for meeting the homes and everyday banking needs of 
customers in Ireland across the AIB, EBS and Haven brands and delivering innovative and differentiated 
products, propositions and services to meet the Group’s customers’ needs delivered through an extensive range 
of physical and digital channels. AIB’s goal is to provide a seamless and transparent customer experience 
through all its products and services. 
SME provides financial services to micro and small SMEs through a sector-led strategy and local expertise with 
an extensive product and proposition offering across a number of distribution channels. AIB’s goal is to help its 
customers create and build sustainable businesses in their communities. 
FSG is a dedicated centre of excellence for the management of the vast majority of the Group’s NPEs, with the 
objective of supporting the Group’s customers in difficulty and delivering the Group’s strategy to reduce NPEs 
to approximately 3 per cent. by end 2023.  
The three core markets in which Retail Banking operates are Homes-Mortgages, SME-Business Banking and 
Consumer-Personal Banking, as discussed below.

--- Page 70 ---
67 
Homes - Mortgages 
AIB holds one of the largest market shares of mortgage drawdowns in a growing market enabled by AIB’s 
multi-brand strategy which includes EBS and Haven.  
AIB offers a range of mortgage products across the different categories of mortgage customers, including first 
time buyers, movers, switchers and top ups, as well as Buy-to-Let mortgages. The product range includes 
variable and fixed rate products, as well as split rates, which provides customers with the option of dividing 
their borrowings between fixed and variable rates. All three of AIB’s brands now offer lower green mortgage 
fixed rates, supporting the Group’s ambition of a low carbon economy.  
AIB delivers its products and propositions through a multi-brand strategy that offers customers choice, value 
and fairness. As part of this strategy, EBS and Haven each offer their own respective range of mortgage products 
to customer segments.  
The AIB mortgage brand offer focuses on long term value with competitive low standard variable rate (“SVR”) 
options, which remain competitively priced. The AIB brand also offers a range of fixed rates (including tiered 
pricing for customers with different loan to value requirements), as well as a green five-year fixed rate at a 
reduced interest rate. 
EBS is a challenger brand, focusing on providing customers with mortgage expertise and excellent service (with 
world class Net Promotor Scores). New EBS mortgage customers can avail of cash back offers on certain fixed 
rate products, and in February 2022 EBS also launched its competitive four-year fixed green rate.  
The Haven brand is targeted at the intermediary/broker market. This offering includes both variable and fixed 
mortgage rates and appeals to customers who value the broker channel when seeking a mortgage.  
AIB continues to invest to deliver an optimal customer experience across all its brands, focussing on automation 
to improve customer experience, reduce turnaround times and increase efficiency. AIB has also invested in a 
digital origination proposition which delivers channel flexibility for customers and supports the Group’s 
existing distribution networks.  
In June 2022, AIB entered into a binding agreement with NatWest Group plc and Ulster Bank Ireland DAC 
(“Ulster Bank”) for the acquisition of a performing Ulster Bank tracker mortgage portfolio with an expected 
value of approximately €5.7 billion for a total consideration of €5.4 billion. The Group received regulatory 
approval for the acquisition of the Ulster Bank tracker (and linked) mortgages in H1 2023. The Group now 
expects approximately €5 billion of loans to be transferred upon completion, with €4 billion transferred in July 
2023. The remaining eligible loans are expected to migrate by the end of 2023. 
SME-Business Banking 
Retail SME teams offer a full suite of products and services to micro, small and medium business customers 
including financing customers’ debt requirements totalling up to €1 million. 
SME combines a sector led strategy underpinned by local market expertise to deliver number one market share 
positions across key SME banking products, including main business loans, main business current accounts, 
main leasing and main invoice discounting agreements based on number of products held (Source: Ipsos MRBI 
AIB SME Financial Services Monitor, February 2023). Products and services are delivered to customers 
through the Local Market Network and Direct Banking distribution channels as well as digitally through online 
and mobile capabilities.  
Retail SME has a range of finance offerings for its business customers, including business loans, business 
overdrafts, start-up loans, asset finance, invoice discounting, prompt pay (which permits borrowers to spread 
the cost of one-off payments over a longer period), insurance premium finance and farmer/business credit lines. 
It also offers Visa business credit cards that are tailored to the needs of its business customers, including premier

--- Page 71 ---
68 
and executive Visa corporate credit cards. Through AIB Merchant Services, in partnership with First Data, AIB 
offers the largest merchant acquiring platform in the market. AIB is also focused on providing asset-based 
lending to its SME/business customers, with a dedicated specialist Asset Finance Sales team working with 
AIB’s Local Market Network. 
AIB also offers its business customers a comprehensive range of deposit products and through collaboration 
with Group colleagues, investment, retirement and pensions products, including group pension schemes. All 
life and pension products are offered through AIB’s recently launched joint venture AIB life and is distributed 
through specialist advisers within AIB’s local markets and direct channels. AIB also offers high net worth 
customers an open architecture bespoke investment offering through a private banking channel.  
AIB recognises that supporting its SME customers requires a detailed understanding of the challenges and 
opportunities facing specific sectors within the market and the businesses which operate within those sectors. 
AIB has a sectoral-led team comprising experts who previously worked in the relevant sectors, which include 
but is not limited to retail, exports, agriculture, manufacturing, and technology. These experts support staff in 
dealing with customers and potential transactions within these sectors.  
AIB’s strong partnership with the Strategic Banking Corporation of Ireland (“SBCI”) has formed a key support 
for Irish businesses since its establishment in 2014. AIB is considered a market leader in terms of both value 
and volume when it comes to providing SBCI funding to SME business customers. AIB continues to work 
closely with the SBCI to deliver low-cost funding to its SME customers across all key sectors of the economy. 
During 2023, AIB expects to continue to expand its SME capabilities through enhanced operational 
functionality for its credit product set; improving its mobile app capabilities; and enhancing its existing real-
time automated credit decisioning capability. 
In April 2022, the CCPC cleared the proposed acquisition of certain assets of Ulster Bank by the Group. These 
assets consist of a portfolio of performing commercial loans of Ulster Bank. In addition to the commercial 
loans, a number of Ulster Bank employees have transferred to AIB. The acquisition process and onboarding of 
customers completed in July 2023. 
Consumer – Personal Banking 
AIB is the leading bank by market share position across key personal banking products including current 
accounts, credit cards, savings accounts, personal loans (excluding car loans) and personal loans (including car 
loans) based on number of products held (Source: Ipsos MRBI Personal Finance Market Pulse H1 2023). This 
is achieved via digital innovation and relationship management expertise. AIB offers a full suite of services 
including daily banking, consumer credit, wealth management, savings and investments and general insurance.  
AIB’s distribution channels, which span from its extensive nationwide 170 physical branch network across to 
its ever-growing direct (telephone and internet banking) and mobile banking platforms, enable AIB to deliver 
its wide range of products and services to its customers. The value of digital wallet payments more than doubled 
year-on-year to €4.8bn with the volume of such transactions increasing by 83 per cent. to 195 million.  
AIB offers personal loans (i.e., green loans, car loans, home improvement loans, wedding loans, travel loans 
and education loans) together with a range of credit cards for personal customers and students. AIB also offers 
a comprehensive range of deposit products in addition to protection, investment and pension products through 
its new joint venture AIB life. Consumer teams, in collaboration with group colleagues, offers all its personal 
customers a free personalised financial review with a financial adviser to help plan for future financial goals 
such as retirement or children’s education.

--- Page 72 ---
69 
As of 31 December 2022, approximately 90 per cent. (up from 82 per cent. in June 2022) of personal loans 
applications were submitted online during the year, along with approximately 25 per cent. of all mortgage 
applications. 
Wealth & Insurance 
AIB has dedicated wealth management services that deliver wealth & insurance propositions to AIB’s 
customers. These propositions are tailored to the needs of specific customer segments, including a retail offering 
for mass market and mass affluent customers and a private banking offering for high-net-worth clients. 
AIB has developed strategic partnerships with a range of providers to offer investment, pension and general 
insurance offerings to retail customers.  
AIB life, AIB’s newly launched 50:50 joint venture with Great-West Lifeco delivers solutions to address the 
protection, investment and pension needs of AIB’s personal and business customers, with customer advice and 
support provided by AIB’s national network of financial advisers. This new company is the first full-service 
technology led life company to be designed and built in the Irish market in a generation, and offers customers 
innovative service delivery including digital end-to-end lifecycle management capabilities, increased flexibility 
for their protection needs, and faster, automated underwriting decisions. AIB life fills a strategic gap in AIB’s 
product and service offerings, adding a new diversified product line and income stream and positioning AIB to 
effectively support its customers at scale on their journey to financial security. EBS customers have access to a 
range of related products and advice through a relationship with Irish Life. Both arrangements are operated 
under the distribution agreements.  
On the general insurance side, AIB offers personal customers home insurance (building and contents) and motor 
insurance in partnership with AXA and travel insurance in partnership with Chubb Insurance. EBS offers 
personal customers home insurance in partnership with Allianz. AIB’s home insurance policies cover main 
residence, investment or rental properties, holiday homes and homes under construction.  
AIB does not carry the risk associated with these products on its financial statement given the profit share and 
commission structure contained in the distribution agreements.  
FSG – Customers in Financial Difficulty 
FSG was established as a dedicated centre of excellence for management of NPEs. It supports personal, business 
and mortgage customers. Over the last decade, it has developed a sophisticated and integrated approach to 
managing customers in financial difficulty. FSG has a highly developed operational capability and an agile 
resourcing model which effectively implements customer treatment strategies and other strategic initiatives. 
NPE resolution is underpinned by well-established policies, customer-focused solutions, established business 
processes and procedures and defined customer pathways, which are regularly reviewed. AIB proactively offers 
both short-term and long-term solutions. The variety and application of AIB Group’s forbearance solutions are 
considered to be extensive and, and at the very least, on par with those offered by competitors in the market.  
FSG has continued to evolve its operating model to support AIB’s objective to reduce its NPEs to more 
normalised European banking norms, whilst continuing to support its customers through the restructuring 
lifecycle. It has a proven track record of significantly reducing NPEs through customer engagement and 
restructuring activities, as well as NPE portfolio sales. The NPEs decreased from approximately €31 billion in 
2013 to €2.1 billion (3.3 per cent. of gross loans to customers), with legacy NPEs at €0.2 billion (0.3 per cent. 
of gross loans to customers) as of 30 June 2023.  
For further detail regarding AIB’s forbearance solutions and loans subject to forbearance solutions, see the Risk 
Management Section of the 2022 Annual Report, as incorporated by reference herein.

--- Page 73 ---
70 
Distribution Channels 
Branch network and physical distribution 
AIB’s branch network is designed to ensure accountability, provide local expertise and increased market 
responsiveness. The goal of AIB’s branch network is to be the best bank in the community. In addition to the 
170 locations, AIB has a strategic partnership with the An Post network of approximately 920 locations 
nationwide. This partnership allows AIB customers to carry out daily transactions through post offices, such as 
lodgements, withdrawals, credit card and bill payments. 
AIB also provides a network of automated teller machines in addition to cash and cheque lodgement (“CCL”) 
machines. The CCL machines allow customers to deposit cash and cheques amongst other services and have 
facilitated the migration of transactions from branch over the counter services.  
The way customers are choosing to interact with AIB has fundamentally changed, with the Group’s digitally 
active base now standing at 2.1 million customers. It is not only younger customers who are choosing digital; 
in 2022, AIB saw a 7 per cent year-on-year increase in digital activities among customers aged 65 and over, 
including a 42 per cent increase in those using the mobile channel. In 2022, there were 82 million digital wallet 
payments, which is more than twice the volume compared to 2021. AIB continues to work with An Post to 
complement our branch network model. 
Direct Banking 
AIB’s direct channels include telephone, internet and mobile banking, offering a wide range of products and 
services to personal and business banking customers. The Direct Banking phone team operate from a number 
of locations with the service including the direct relationship management for personal and SME customers. 
AIB has witnessed significant growth of both digital customer adoption and engagement levels and now have 
over 2.1 million customers digitally active. 
AIB processes 3.26 million transactions daily across its digital channels. Acknowledging the shift towards 
increased digital usage, AIB continues to invest in its digital platforms and emphasizes expanding the 
accessibility of its products and services through its digital channels. 
In 2022, AIB’s digitally active base experienced rapid growth compared to any previous year. This was 
primarily due to an increase in its customer base resulting from KBC and Ulster Bank’s exit from the Irish 
market. To support the anticipated significant increase in account opening activity, AIB invested heavily in its 
digital customer onboarding process. AIB aimed to make the onboarding experience quick and easy for these 
customers while avoiding congestion or delays in the branch network for new account opening appointments.  
AIB introduced Pay a Contact in 2022, enabling customers to send and receive payments in real time with 
another AIB customer using just their mobile numbers. Meanwhile, progress on a cross-bank, real-time, peer-
to-peer payment solution continues at a fast pace. In 2022, AIB also migrated its business customers to a new 
business banking platform which provides a superior user experience and ensures a resilient service for the 
future. AIB’s digital base is not only growing, but customers are also becoming more engaged, as evidenced by 
the increasing frequency of their mobile app logins.  
Recent updates to AIB Mobile Banking include enhanced payment capability with the introduction of a 
simplified person to person payment offering (without the need for account details), the ability to view a card 
pin, richer transaction information to better inform customers and additional profile management services, 
enabling customers to keep their information up to date. AIB plays an important role in facilitating customers 
as they set up new banking arrangements and has therefore made enhancements to its digital account opening 
capabilities which will now enable over 70 per cent of new personal customers to open current accounts on the 
AIB Mobile Banking app.

--- Page 74 ---
71 
Customers can also apply for personal loans (including a green loan product which offers customers competitive 
rates to go green), credit cards, overdrafts, savings/deposits accounts and insurance on the AIB Mobile Banking 
app.  
AIB also launched Ireland’s first industry-standard open application programming interfaces (“APIs”) that 
allows trusted third parties to interface with the AIB platform to offer services to customers. Open APIs are a 
way to allow trusted third parties to access customer’s financial data, should the customer choose so, to offer 
new banking services directly, meaning innovative new solutions can be developed by external partners. AIB’s 
API channel will increase the agility and speed with which we can deliver greater digital customer experiences.  
iBB is an online service for AIB’s business and corporate customers. These customers can access services such 
as payroll and supplier payments, multi-user access, higher value transactions and enhanced audit trails. 
EBS 
EBS is a wholly owned subsidiary of AIB. AIB operates EBS as a standalone challenger brand with its own 
distribution network of tied branch agents under an incentive-based remuneration model. EBS operates in 
Ireland and has a nationwide network of 66 locations and a direct telephone-based distribution division, EBS 
Direct. EBS is a predominantly mortgage-focused brand within the Group, helping thousands of people buy 
their homes in Ireland. EBS also offers home insurance, savings and investments, financial planning and current 
accounts. 
Haven 
AIB also distributes mortgages through Haven, an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of AIB, through 
independent mortgage intermediaries. AIB employs a selective approach to establishing and operating its 
mortgage intermediary panel in order to maintain the high quality of its intermediary relationships and customer 
service and employs a team of experienced business development managers to manage its relationships with 
mortgage intermediaries. The Haven brand exclusively distributes mortgages through intermediaries. 
AIB Merchant Services 
AIB Merchant Services is a joint venture with Fiserv, a global leader in FinTech and payments. It is one of 
Ireland’s largest payment solution providers and one of Europe’s largest e-commerce acquirers, with a global 
customer base. 
Payzone 
Payzone is a subsidiary of the Group. It is a leader in digital payments, providing comprehensive solutions to 
more than 7,500 retail stores, over 100 clients and over 400,000 app users across Ireland.  
Nifti 
NiftiBusiness and Nifti Personal Leasing promote sustainable mobility solutions for Irish businesses and 
consumers for car leasing solutions. NiftiBusiness assists companies in achieving their fleet management goals 
to support cash-flow management in a sustainable fashion. 
Capital Markets 
Capital Markets services AIB’s large and medium sized business customers, as well as Private Banking clients. 
AIB’s ambition is to be Ireland’s leading capital markets provider delivering a full range of solutions to Irish 
business through a seamless relationship driven model.  
A comprehensive product offering combined with deep sector expertise allows AIB to develop long-term, 
strategic relationships with its customers. Capital Markets’ relationship driven model serves customers through 
sector specialist teams including corporate banking, real estate finance, energy, climate action & infrastructure 
and through the business banking and Commercial Finance teams. In addition to traditional credit products,

--- Page 75 ---
72 
Capital Markets provides mezzanine finance, structured and specialist finance and equity investments, as well 
as Private Banking services through its Investment Banking team. To provide geographic and sector 
diversification, AIB selectively participates in European and US syndicated loans and bonds through its 
Syndicated & International Finance unit.  
Capital Markets has pursued a lending model which is aimed at ensuring that learnings from past economic 
cycles are consistently applied. It is focused on a selective and risk-aware approach to new business origination 
using sector experts and multi-disciplinary teams. 
Capital Markets directly manages the end-to-end delivery of traditional credit facilities and provides a range of 
solutions to AIB’s corporate, larger business and institutional customers, including senior and subordinated term 
debt; revolving credit facilities; equity investments; trade finance products; cash management solutions; invoice 
discounting; foreign exchange and interest rate risk management products and, through Goodbody, advisory 
services for disposals, acquisitions, fundraisings, management buy outs and strategic shareholder advice.  
Distribution Channels 
Capital Markets operates a relationship management model with the objective of developing a deep and 
comprehensive understanding of its customers and their sectors and markets, enabling AIB to identify 
opportunities to meet a broader range of customer financial needs. Capital Markets provides a full suite of 
products and services across Ireland and selected products in the United Kingdom, Europe and the United 
States. Staff are based in Dublin and across Ireland, London and New York. AIB selectively participates in 
European and U.S. syndicated loans and bonds, and in senior bonds issued by U.S. and European CLO 
securitisations. The activity of the U.S. based Syndicated & International Finance team is focused on syndicated 
loans and bonds to U.S. corporate borrowers, with the New York Branch comprising of a Treasury function, a 
Corporate Loan portfolio and a recently initiated Energy, Climate Change & Infrastructure business in support 
of the Group’s ESG strategy. 
Business Areas 
Corporate Banking 
Corporate Banking is the cornerstone of the Capital Markets customer franchise. It is primarily focused on 
domestic corporate customers with a senior debt requirement of at least €10 million. Corporate Banking teams 
provide senior debt and core banking products to a diversified portfolio of domestic companies. Within the 
corporate banking market, AIB targets a broad range of sectors, including hotels and leisure, food and 
agriculture, healthcare, manufacturing and student accommodation. Foreign direct investment is also an 
important segment of the corporate banking market for AIB. 
AIB’s customer relationship management teams are divided into specialist sector teams which work closely 
with its customers to gain a deep understanding of their banking requirements. AIB’s Corporate Banking 
relationship management teams directly manage the end-to-end delivery of traditional credit facilities and 
leverage the expertise of the other customer facing units within Capital Markets (e.g., mezzanine financing and 
Goodbody range of products/services), Treasury (e.g., foreign exchange) and Retail Banking (e.g., transactional 
banking and leasing), to provide the full range of solutions to AIB’s corporate customers. 
In addition to its relationship management teams, Corporate Banking has a dedicated new business team that 
engages with customers to which AIB does not currently provide banking services. Once an opportunity has 
been identified and the customer’s needs are understood, the prospective customer is transferred to the relevant 
relationship management team.

--- Page 76 ---
73 
Business Banking 
The Business Banking team in Capital Markets is focused on providing products and services to AIB’s medium-
sized business customers with a debt requirement of between €1-€10 million. It is a key strategic business unit 
within AIB, given that it serves the lending, transaction and advisory requirements of growing privately owned, 
family owned and expanding medium sized SMEs.  
It has both a Dublin and a nationwide regional footprint delivering a proactive customer centric relationship-
based partnership approach to its customers. The Customer and Market engagement teams comprise both 
dedicated relationship managers nationwide as well as dedicated new business acquisition teams.  
Core to its ambition of being a long term strategic trusted partner to its customers Business Banking collaborates 
with colleagues across Capital Markets to leverage the wider product and service offering. This positions 
Business Banking to offer the most complete, integrated and compelling banking proposition to medium SMEs 
in Ireland.  
Business Banking also houses two enterprise-wide teams, the Commercial Finance Team and the Sector Team, 
both of which service business customers across Capital Markets and the wider SME customer base in AIB. 
Business Banking also houses the Sector Team which is an Enterprise-wide team providing key industry support 
and market engagement across all sectors and serves business customers across Capital Markets and the wider 
SME customer base in AIB. 
Commercial Finance  
The Commercial Finance team within Capital Markets provides invoice finance facilities across multiple sectors 
to SME’s and Corporate customers based in the Republic of Ireland and the UK. These facilities are typically 
used to provide working capital, often supporting growth, although they can also be deployed for transactional 
funding requirements such as management buy-outs, management buy-ins and acquisitions. Invoice finance 
facility limits range from a minimum requirement of €150 thousand up to participation in syndicated facilities 
in excess of €50 million. 
The Commercial Finance team consists of a customer relationship team, who work in conjunction with customer 
relationship teams across Corporate, Business Banking Business Centres, Business Banking Branch Network 
and Financial Solutions Group, a new business team and a risk & operations team. The nature of the invoice 
finance facility provides a high level of customer engagement and Commercial Finance works closely with 
customers to understand and meet their cashflow requirements, whilst maintaining a sharp focus on risk 
management. 
Real Estate Finance 
AIB’s Real Estate Finance team provides finance for commercial property investment and for property 
development to domestic and international property customers. AIB’s multi-disciplinary team, which comprises 
property lenders, Chartered Surveyors and Engineers, has deep knowledge in providing finance to this specialist 
asset class. From an origination perspective, the Real Estate Finance team is primarily focussed on commercial 
real estate investors with senior debt requirements of greater than €10 million, as well as the Bank’s 
development customers. 
Energy, Climate Action & Infrastructure (“ECAI”) 
The ECAI team is one of the largest renewables finance teams in Ireland, with extensive experience in non-
recourse project finance and broader infrastructure finance.  
The team manages a large, diverse portfolio of primarily renewable assets, including Offshore/Onshore Wind 
Projects, Solar, Transmission, Storage and Waste to Energy Projects. In addition, the team has invested in a

--- Page 77 ---
74 
number of infrastructure projects such as Digital Infrastructure, Transport, Public-Private Partnership Structures 
and Social Infrastructure. 
Syndicated & International Finance 
The Syndicated & International Finance team participates in U.S. and European loan markets to provide senior 
secured debt to large and selected mid-capitalisation corporates with a bias towards defensive sector and 
companies with strong cash-flow generation. It also manages a structured investment portfolio with focus on 
AAA/AA rated CLOs managed by Tier 1 Global Asset Managers. The teams are based in Ireland and the United 
States with Dublin-based governance. The team takes a highly selective approach to asset selection and has 
strong risk-adjusted returns from a well-diversified portfolio. The liquid portfolio facilitates dynamic credit 
management. 
Investment Banking 
The activities of the Investment Banking team include mezzanine finance, structured finance, equity 
investments and private banking products and services.  
AIB has a dedicated mezzanine team, enabling it to fulfil SME and corporate customers’ subordinated finance 
requirements. AIB also specialises in providing bespoke structured finance solutions to its corporate customers 
and structured finance to support institutional clients’ portfolio financing requirements. 
AIB is a significant investor in seed, venture and growth capital funds with commitments totalling 
approximately €350 million to 31 active funds as at 31 December 2022. These funds have a combined size of 
approximately €4 billion and although largely focusing on providing equity finance to high growth Irish 
companies (with a particular focus on the technology, FinTech, macro and life sciences sectors), some have 
more of an international focus. In 2022, AIB set up the AIB Foresight SME Impact Fund, which will be managed 
by Foresight Group, a leading SME and sustainable infrastructure investment manager. AIB provided the 
cornerstone investment of €30 million to this fund, which aims to raise €75 million to invest in Irish SMEs to 
help accelerate their green transition. The AIB Foresight SME Impact Fund had its first closing on 4 July 2022, 
with final closing scheduled for 2023. AIB also invests equity directly into established Irish companies to help 
support the Irish economy and generate a commercial return for AIB. 
The AIB Private Banking team provides AIB’s private banking customers with tailored high net worth lending 
products and services and facilitates introductions to Goodbody wealth consultants and specialists for 
investment, pension and financial planning. 
Goodbody 
Goodbody became part of the Capital Markets business in September 2021 and is now fully integrated in the 
Group. Goodbody is a leading investment-led business, offering wealth management, asset management and 
investment banking services with quality advice. In April 2023, AIB launched Goodbody-Private, offering high 
net worth AIB customers the wealth products and services of Goodbody through a collaboration with AIB 
Private Banking.  
AIB UK 
AIB UK offers corporate, retail and business banking services in two distinct markets with different economies 
and operating environments: (i) Allied Irish Bank (GB) which is corporate focused, and (ii) AIB NI, which 
offers full banking services to business and personal customers across Northern Ireland. Both brands are 
supported by a single operations function. In addition, similar to the FSG unit under Retail Banking, AIB UK 
has units dedicated to managing customers experiencing financial difficulty. 
AIB UK underwent significant changes in 2021. The decision was taken, and executed, to exit the SME market 
and to reduce the branch footprint in Northern Ireland. A new target operating model was implemented to

--- Page 78 ---
75 
support this strategic change, focussing on ensuring the creation of a more streamlined and sustainable platform 
to deliver business growth to its customers as they grow, on the back of Brexit and the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Allied Irish Bank (GB) is a corporate-focussed bank targeting mid-tier corporates in chosen sectors where AIB 
has recognised expertise, who value a high-touch relationship model. Allied Irish Bank (GB) operates out of 
three locations providing banking services that include lending, treasury, trade facilities, asset finance and 
invoice discounting. 
Allied Irish Bank (GB) has less than 1 per cent. of the corporate lending market in Great Britain. Given the size 
of this market, together with a sector focussed lending strategy in areas where AIB already has a strong 
reputation as sector specialists, there are clear opportunities to increase its presence and market share. 
AIB NI is a long-established bank in Northern Ireland that provides a full range of transactional banking 
services supporting both personal and business banking customers. Personal products include mortgages, 
personal loans, credit cards, current accounts and savings with customer engagement through mobile, online, 
post office or traditional channels. Business Banking services include finance and loans, business current 
accounts, credit cards, payment solutions and savings. 
In 2021, AIB NI rationalised its branch footprint to seven branches to reflect changing behaviours and to support 
broader, multi-channel access to simple products and services at a lower cost to serve for personal customers. 
AIB NI aims to be a focussed challenger bank in Northern Ireland, offering business banking with a local market 
presence, digitally enabled personal products and services, and a competitive mortgage proposition via 
intermediary and direct channels. The overall proposition includes simplified products and an improved digital 
capability, with closer alignment over time to that offered by the retail operations of AIB in Ireland. 
AIB UK is a bank registered in the United Kingdom and regulated by the FCA and the PRA. Although it is 
subject to a separate regulatory regime and has its own governance, AIB UK is closely aligned to AIB Bank in 
order to achieve the most efficient operating model. 
Group 
The Group segment comprises wholesale treasury activities and Group control and support functions. Treasury 
manages the Group’s liquidity and funding positions and provides customer treasury services and economic 
research. The Group control and support functions include Technology, Operations, Finance, Risk, Legal, 
Corporate Governance & Customer Care, Human Resources, Sustainability & Corporate Affairs, Enterprise 
Development and Group Internal Audit.  
Competitive Landscape 
The Irish banking sector as measured in assets, based on publicly available financial statements, is dominated 
by the two largest banks, AIB and Bank of Ireland. The decision by both KBC and Ulster Bank to exit the Irish 
Market increases the level of market concentration. Adoption of digital banking via online and mobile continues 
to increase and is now seen as being complementary to the traditional channels of branch banking and direct 
banking via call centres. The shift in customer behaviour towards digital has prompted the emergence of new 
competitors in the form of FinTechs with selective offerings in financial services. These new players are 
participating in aspects such as online transaction & payments, online trading, currency trading, crowdfunding 
and peer-to-peer lending. These shifts and trends were somewhat accommodated and accelerated by the 
COVID-19 pandemic which helped fast-track the adoption of online banking. Some FinTech names operating 
and active in the Irish market include CurrencyFair, LinkedFinance, Fundit, Realex, Revolut, N26, bunq, and 
PayPal. Other parties such as non-bank lenders have also become active in the Irish market, providing niche 
funding solutions to customers. Some of the principal non-bank lenders in the Irish market include Finance 
Ireland, Volkswagen Bank, BlueBay, the SCBI, Avant Money, Pepper and Dilosk.

--- Page 79 ---
76 
Given the withdrawal of Ulster Bank and KBC Bank Ireland plc, in the Republic of Ireland only AIB, Bank of 
Ireland and Permanent TSB will operate as full-service banks providing multiple products and services to 
customers with the newer entrants typically limiting their participation to mono-line products. Credit unions 
have entered both the SME and mortgage markets recently. 
Retail Ireland 
SME 
With respect to SME lending, AIB faces competition from both domestic and international credit institutions. 
AIB competes for business via product range, price, and innovation and does so across a full range of lending 
products, customer sizes or industry sectors. 
The presence of alternative lenders is growing, and the emergence and popularity of digital banking has played 
a key role in altering the landscape with increased competition on price. Pricing pressures are expected to 
continue particularly with the availability of government schemes delivered through the SBCI, as a pillar bank 
in the market AIB plays a key role in the distribution of such Government measures. 
Consumer 
Within transaction banking, the Irish market continues to evolve rapidly due to several factors, including: 
(i) 
Continued customer adoption and preference for digital payments and banking services;  
(ii) 
The exit of two long standing international full service banks from the Irish market, leading to a 
large migration of both personal and business accounts during 2022 and 2023; and 
(iii) 
Increased competition and penetration of digital services from FinTech / neo-banks, initially with 
a focus on transaction payments including peer-to-peer payments and international payments, and 
now expanding product offering to include personal lending and investments.  
Personal lending activity is returning to pre-pandemic levels, with the market characterised by a number of 
factors: 
(i) 
AIB continues to successfully lead and grow its personal lending via digital channels, with 
approximately 89 per cent. of all personal loans fulfilled end-to-end digitally;  
(ii) 
Increased competition emerging in the form of FinTech / neo-banks entering the personal lending 
sector, in addition to partnering with incumbents such as An Post, large retailers and car 
manufacturers; and  
(iii) 
Increased offerings from financial institutions focused on and incentivising sustainable / green 
lending opportunities.  
Mortgages 
The Irish mortgage market is undergoing a structural shift with two significant competitors, Ulster Bank and 
KBC Bank Ireland, in the process of exiting the Irish financial services market. In mortgage terms these 2 
institutions represented approximately 25 per cent. of the market flow in mortgages. The remaining 3 bank 
lenders will be the main beneficiaries of this exit. Non-bank lenders play a small role in the mortgage market. 
The mortgage market is quite concentrated, and AIB is a market leader with a 30.3 per cent market share as of 
the end of May 2023. The demographics of Ireland mean that significant population numbers are in the age 
cohort 25 years to 39 years, which is typically associated with household formation, and therefore there is pent 
up demand for housing which points to a strong mortgage market. The main challenge is the availability of 
housing supply to meet demand.

--- Page 80 ---
77 
The Irish retail mass market and mass affluent segments of the wealth market are currently dominated by Irish 
Life, New Ireland, Zurich and Aviva. In the general insurance market, major global insurers such as AXA, 
Allianz, and Aviva are the key players. Distribution in both markets is currently dominated by broker and direct 
sales. However, the marketplace is evolving, with broker consolidation and increased regulatory supervision 
being notable features. 
In 2022, total household net wealth in Ireland reached a record high of €1,007 billion, representing a 117 per 
cent increase since 2013. The percentage of households with net wealth of €1 million or more has more than 
doubled from 5 per cent in 2013 to 12 per cent in 2022. However, the Irish retail wealth management market 
remains underdeveloped. The market is characterized by being under-insured, under-pensioned and under-
invested, with approximately 83 per cent of adults lacking family protection, 600,000 Irish workers without 
wealth or protection products and the level of underinsurance in the home insurance market steadily increasing 
over the last 5 years. This increase ranged from an average 6.5 per cent of claims paid in 2017 to 16.5 per cent 
in 2021. Central to this challenge is the fact that financial literacy rates in Ireland are almost 20 per cent lower 
compared to other Northern European countries. Only 55 per cent of people in Ireland understand three of the 
‘big 4’ financial concepts, which include diversification, inflation, numeracy and compound interest. 
Assuming responsibility and promoting a financial security narrative can help overcome customer inertia and 
generate significant market growth. By engaging with the digitally-savvy mass market and affluent audiences 
on comprehensive financial planning and wealth solutions, regulated providers can move beyond transactions 
to help customers make better decisions for themselves and their loved ones. 
Capital Markets 
Over the last number of years, we have seen an increased presence of alternative non-bank lenders competing 
aggressively on price and structure, and providing funding at a mid-tier corporate level. These alternative non-
bank lenders are also active across SME, CRE and asset backed sectors. The recent withdrawal of Ulster Bank 
has given Corporate Banking an opportunity to increase its market share. However, our Business Banking team 
participate in a market segment that will remain competitive despite the withdrawal of Ulster Bank and KBC 
Bank Ireland with Permanent TSB looking to build more market share in this segment. 
In the Real Estate Finance sector, the Development Finance market has seen a significant increase in 
competition over recent years with many and varied institutions active in the market (including the state backed 
HBFI and ISIF backed Activate). In the commercial real estate market, the competitive landscape remains 
significant, though funder appetite and terms have become stricter due to the current interest rate environment. 
Deal activity in syndicated loans and CLO issuance in 2023 year to date is lagging behind prior year levels. 
Global institutional loan issuance continues to be impacted by tightening credit conditions as a result of higher 
interest rates, higher inflation, geo-political issues and alternative sources of financing, such as private credit 
and bonds. As a result of lower primary issuance, investor demand is greater than supply, leading to improved 
secondary market pricing for both CLOs and loans since the end of 2022.   
The Energy, Climate Action and Infrastructure provides long term senior debt finance to Renewable Energy & 
Infrastructure assets in Ireland, UK, Europe and the US where demand and the outlook for investment remains 
strong, particularly in the area of renewable energy. While Irish and international institutions are active in the 
Irish market many of the international players will only focus on the larger projects. Challenges emerging in 
the market include construction cost inflation (including energy and commodity pricing) as well as the cost of 
long-term finance. These challenges are mitigated and/or managed by the use of fixed price contracts, interest 
rate hedging and for renewable energy assets increased energy pricing and/or revenues. Assets which are already 
operational and form the majority of our book are less impacted by these factors.

--- Page 81 ---
78 
United Kingdom 
AIB UK operates in two distinct markets, Great Britain (GB) and Northern Ireland (NI), with different 
economies and operating environments.  
AIB UK’s position in GB is as a niche business bank with a focus on select sectors targeting mid-tier corporates. 
In Northern Ireland, AIB UK operates as a focused challenger with a personal proposition, a business banking 
offering, and a mortgage proposition via direct and intermediary channels.  
The principal competitors in the core GB market are the main high street banks (Lloyds, HSBC, Barclays, 
NatWest and Santander), which are full service providers of banking services targeting a similar customer base. 
The smallest of the high street banks is Santander with assets of approximately £285 billion putting in context 
AIB UK’s role as a challenger and the task in competing with larger scale players. The next player behind 
Santander and above niche players such as AIB UK is Clydesdale Bank (Virgin) with assets of £92 billion. The 
principal competitor set are the main high street banks, plus others such as Clydesdale, and Handelsbanken, 
followed by a number of challenger players such as Shawbrook, Aldermore and OakNorth Bank. The larger 
main street banks have legacy challenges and can lack the focus to serve the mid-corporate market.  
In Northern Ireland, AIB competes with the local established Northern Irish banks, include Danske, Ulster 
Bank, and Bank of Ireland. Additional competition stems from traditional GB based banks / building societies, 
including Halifax, Santander and Nationwide. 
Employees 
For the years ended 31 December 2022, 2021 and 2020, AIB had an average of 9,221, 9,154 and 9,356 
employees on a full-time equivalent basis, respectively, and 9,814 for the half year ended 30 June 2023. The 
following table sets forth a breakdown of average employees by segment for the half year ended 30 June 2023:  
 
 
As at 30
June 2023 
Retail Banking........................................................................................................................... 
4,336 
Capital Markets ......................................................................................................................... 
1,101 
AIB UK ..................................................................................................................................... 
608 
Group Segment ......................................................................................................................... 
3,769 
Total .......................................................................................................................................... 
9,814 
 
Unions 
AIB has a long-standing history of constructive working relations with all of its employee representative unions, 
which include the Financial Services Union (“FSU”), Services Industrial Professional and Technical Union and 
Unite. The FSU is the main negotiating partner and represents more than one-third of AIB’s employees across 
Ireland and the UK.  
Information Technology 
The business of AIB is dependent upon IT infrastructure, services and systems. These systems support customer 
interactions with AIB and back-office functions, including:

--- Page 82 ---
79 
 
Direct customer and assisted channels: providing sales and services systems for retail and business 
in-branch banking customers, via direct banking (i.e., internet, tablet and mobile banking) and corporate 
banking products and services; 
 
Business and customer services: providing operational systems that support customers from centralised 
functions, including the customer call centre, operations and technology services; 
 
Payments and cards: providing processing conducted through a variety of banking systems and schemes, 
for domestic, international (SWIFT) and Euro (SEPA) payments; and 
 
Enterprise functions: supporting AIB’s finance, risk and analytics and reporting systems. 
A key strategic focus at present is our multiyear Core Banking Modernisation programme which will ensure we 
have leading technology across our key systems. AIB’s primary core banking systems are internally developed 
and maintained by AIB and underpinned by the latest IBM mainframe technology, which was integrated within 
the last 24 months. The core systems are used across all areas of AIB’s business. 
AIB Technology is in the early stages of an operating model assessment which will see a shift to more modern, 
agile ways of working. 
AIB has a business continuity arrangement in place with a third party that provides for data replication and an 
offsite backup in the event of an IT failure at the main campus.

--- Page 83 ---
80 
SIGNIFICANT SHAREHOLDERS 
Interests of significant shareholders 
As at 30 June 2023, notifications had been received of the following interests in 3 per cent. or more of the 
Group’s issued ordinary share capital: 
Shareholder 
Date of 
Notification 
Number of Shares 
Notified 
Percentage of Total 
Voting Rights 
outstanding as at 30 
June 2023* 
Irish Strategic Investment Fund 
29/06/2023 
1,228,114,680 
46.90 
Massachusetts Financial Services Company 
02/05/2023 
132,324,458 
5.05 
BlackRock, Inc. 
09/06/2023 
131,074,641 
5.00 
Wellington Management Group LLP  
29/06/2023 
109,283,328 
4.17 
Orbis Investment Management Limited  
28/06/2023 
79,676,757 
3.04 
* Following the buyback and cancellation of shares by the Group announced on 25 April 2023 the number of 
shares outstanding fell to 2,618,753,655. This number has been used as the denominator in the calculation of 
the percentage of voting rights held by the Shareholder in the table. 
 
Save as disclosed above, the Group Directors are not aware of any person who, as at 30 June 2023, directly or 
indirectly, has a holding which exceeds the threshold of 3 per cent. of the total voting rights attaching to the 
issued ordinary share capital of the Group. 
Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2023, the Group was not aware of any person or persons who directly, 
indirectly, jointly or severally exercise or could exercise control over the Group, nor is it aware of any 
arrangements the operation of which may, at a subsequent date, result in a change in control of the Group.

--- Page 84 ---
81 
MANAGEMENT 
Board of Directors and Executive Officers 
The following is a list of directors and officers of the Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus. The business 
address of each of the directors and officers referred to below is c/o 10 Molesworth Street, Dublin 2, D02 R126, 
Ireland. The contact telephone number for the Issuer is: +353 (1) 660 0311.  
Name 
 
Title 
Jim Pettigrew 
 
Chair and Non-Executive Director 
Brendan McDonagh  
 
Deputy Chair and Independent Non-Executive Director 
Helen Normoyle  
 
Senior Independent Non-Executive Director 
Anik Chaumartin 
 
Independent Non-Executive Director 
Donal Galvin 
 
Chief Financial Officer and Executive Director 
Basil Geoghegan 
 
Independent Non-Executive Director 
Tanya Horgan 
 
Independent Non-Executive Director 
Colin Hunt 
 
Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director 
Sandy Kinney Pritchard 
 
Independent Non-Executive Director 
Elaine MacLean 
 
Independent Non-Executive Director 
Andy Maguire 
 
Independent Non-Executive Director 
Ann O’Brien 
 
Independent Non-Executive Director 
Fergal O’Dwyer 
 
Independent Non-Executive Director 
Raj Singh 
 
Independent Non-Executive Director 
Jan Sijbrand 
 
Independent Non-Executive Director 
 
As far as is known to AIB, no potential conflicts of interest exist between any duties to AIB of the persons listed 
under “Board of Directors and Executive Officers” above and their private interests and/or other duties.  
The Board-approved Code of Conduct and Conflicts of Interest Policy sets out how actual, potential or 
perceived conflicts of interest are to be evaluated, reported and managed to ensure that Directors act at all times 
in the best interests of the Group and its stakeholders. Executive Directors, as employees of the Group, are also 
subject to the Group’s Code of Conduct and Conflicts of Interests Policy for employees. 
For biographies of the Board members, please see pages 78 to 81 of the 2022 Annual Financial Report 
incorporated by reference herein. 
Executive Committee  
Name 
 
Title 
Colin Hunt 
 
Chief Executive Officer 
CJ Berry 
 
Chief Enterprise Development Officer 
Cathy Bryce 
 
Managing Director, AIB Capital Markets

--- Page 85 ---
82 
Name 
 
Title 
Geraldine Casey 
 
Chief People Officer 
Helen Dooley 
 
Group General Counsel 
Donal Galvin 
 
Chief Financial Officer 
Hilary Gormley 
 
Managing Director, AIB Group (UK) p.l.c.  
Michael Frawley 
 
Chief Risk Officer 
Andrew McFarlane 
 
Chief Operating Officer 
Mary Whitelaw 
 
Chief Sustainability and Corporate Affairs Officer 
 
Fergal Coburn, Chief Technology Officer resigned on 20 March 2023, and Jim O’Keefe, Managing Director of 
Retail Banking resigned on 30 June 2023. The process of appointing their successors is well underway, and 
announcements will be made in due course. 
Biographies 
For biographies of the members of the Executive Committee members, please see pages 82 and 83 of the 2022 
Annual Financial Report incorporated by reference herein.

--- Page 86 ---
83 
SELECTED CONSOLIDATED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL AND OPERATING 
INFORMATION 
The tables below set out selected consolidated financial information of AIB as at and for the six months ended 
30 June 2023 and 2022 and the years ended 31 December 2022, 2021 and 2020. The selected consolidated 
financial information of AIB, to the extent it has been extracted from the 2022 Financial Statements and the 
2021 Financial Statements, has been prepared in accordance with IFRS, as adopted by the European Union 
and has been audited by Deloitte, independent auditors. The selected consolidated financial information of AIB, 
to the extent it has been extracted from the 2023 Half-Yearly Financial Statements, has been prepared in 
accordance with IAS 34, as adopted by the European Union and reviewed by PwC, independent auditors.  
The selected consolidated financial information presented below should be read in conjunction with “Operating 
and Financial Review and Risk Management”. 
Selected Consolidated Income Statement Data 
 
 
Six months ended 30 June
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
 
 
2023 
2022 
2022 
2021 
2020 
 
 
(€ millions) 
 
Interest income calculated using the effective 
interest method ................................................ 
2,033 
1,022 
2,432 
2,003 
2,050 
Other interest income and similar income........ 
47 
40 
80 
81 
77 
Interest and similar income .............................. 
2,080 
1,062 
2,512 
2,084 
2,127 
Interest expense ............................................... 
(308) 
(167) 
(353) 
(290) 
(255) 
Net interest income ........................................ 
1,772 
895 
2,159 
1,794 
1,872 
Dividend income.............................................. 
1 
1 
2 
3 
26 
Fee and commission income ............................ 
393 
373 
765 
640 
564 
Fee and commission expense ........................... 
(87) 
(86) 
(177) 
(160) 
(169) 
Net trading income (loss) ................................. 
110 
57 
36 
15 
(32) 
Net gain on other financial assets measured at 
FVTPL ............................................................. 
18 
30 
102 
78 
86 
Net gain (loss) on derecognition of financial 
assets measured at amortised cost .................... 
(11) 
28 
18 
1 
24 
Other operating income ................................... 
1 
8 
8 
5 
2 
Other income .................................................. 
425 
411 
754 
582 
501 
Total operating income .................................. 
2,197 
1,306 
2,913 
2,376 
2,373 
Operating expenses .......................................... 
(975) 
(901) 
(1,722) 
(1,679) 
(1,544) 
Impairment and amortisation of intangible 
assets ................................................................ 
(111) 
(108) 
(228) 
(198) 
(214) 
Impairment and depreciation of property, 
plant and equipment ......................................... 
(36) 
(74) 
(113) 
(129) 
(101) 
Total operating expenses ............................... 
(1,122) 
(1,083) 
(2,063) 
(2,006) 
(1,859) 
Operating profit before impairment losses .. 
1,075 
223 
850 
370 
514 
Net credit impairment writeback/(charge) ....... 
(91) 
309 
(7) 
238 
(1,460) 
Operating profit/(loss) ................................... 
984 
532 
843 
608 
(946)

--- Page 87 ---
84 
 
 
Six months ended 30 June
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
 
 
2023 
2022 
2022 
2021 
2020 
 
 
(€ millions) 
 
Share of equity accounted investments ............ 
3 
5 
37 
21 
15 
Profit/(loss) on disposal of property ................. 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Profit/(loss) before taxation ........................... 
987 
537 
880 
629 
(931) 
Income tax credit/(charge) ............................... 
(133) 
(60) 
(115) 
16 
190 
Profit/(loss) for the period ............................. 
854 
477 
765 
645 
(741) 
Attributed to:  
    Equity holders of the parent ......................... 
856 
478 
767 
647 
(769) 
    Non-controlling interests ............................. 
(2) 
(1) 
(2) 
(2) 
28 
Selected Consolidated Statement of Financial Position Data  
 
 
As at 30 June 
 
As at 31 December 
 
 
 
2023 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
 
 
 
 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and balances at central banks .................  
36,088 
38,138 
42,654 
25,550 
Items in course of collection ...........................  
— 
— 
— 
43 
Disposal groups and non-current assets held 
for sale ............................................................  
— 
— 
— 
14 
Trading portfolio financial assets ....................  
87 
8 
8 
— 
Derivative financial instruments .....................  
2,489 
2,511 
882 
1,424 
Loans and advances to banks ..........................  
1,843 
1,502 
1,323 
1,092(1) 
Loans and advances to customers ...................  
61,184 
59,613 
56,508 
56,841(1) 
Securities financing ........................................  
7,627 
6,282 
3,890 
811(1) 
Investment securities ......................................  
16,537 
16,270 
16,934 
19,479 
Investments accounted for using the equity 
method ............................................................  
229 
173 
127 
98 
Intangible assets and goodwill ........................  
903 
940 
996 
937 
Property, plant and equipment ........................  
510 
536 
631 
725 
Other assets .....................................................  
342 
296 
573 
235 
Current taxation ..............................................  
7 
15 
37 
57 
Deferred tax assets ..........................................  
2,955 
3,032 
2,834 
2,711 
Prepayments and accrued income ...................  
456 
423 
424 
339 
Retirement benefit assets ................................  
24 
13 
54 
29 
Total assets ....................................................  
131,281 
129,752 
127,875 
110,385 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Deposits by central banks and banks ..............  
420 
514 
10,382 
4,495(1) 
Customer accounts ..........................................  
103,704 
102,359 
92,866 
81,957(1)

--- Page 88 ---
85 
Securities financing ........................................  
793 
898 
45 
210(1) 
Trading portfolio financial liabilities ..............  
53 
4 
2 
— 
Derivative financial instruments .....................  
3,029 
2,982 
1,062 
1,201 
Debt securities in issue ...................................  
6,670 
7,203 
5,881 
5,450 
Lease liabilities  
 
243 
257 
346 
382 
Current taxation ..............................................  
10 
1 
10 
1 
Deferred tax liabilities ....................................  
28 
30 
53 
44 
Retirement benefit liabilities ...........................  
15 
16 
54 
68 
Other liabilities ...............................................  
1,374 
1,106 
1,199 
955 
Accruals and deferred income ........................  
462 
377 
284 
255 
Provisions for liabilities and commitments .....  
274 
340 
501 
396 
Subordinated liabilities and other capital 
instruments .....................................................  
1,420 
1,404 
1,530 
1,550 
Total liabilities ..............................................  
118,495 
117,491 
114,215 
96,964 
Equity 
 
 
 
 
 
Share capital ...................................................  
1,637 
1,671 
1,696 
1,696 
Reserves..........................................................  
10,039 
9,478 
10,850 
10,609 
Total shareholder’s equity ...........................  
11,676 
11,149 
12,546 
12,305 
Other equity interests ......................................  
1,115 
1,115 
1,115 
1,115 
Non-controlling interests ................................  
(5) 
(3) 
(1) 
1 
Total equity ...................................................  
12,786 
12,261 
13,660 
13,421 
Total liabilities and equity ............................  
131,281 
129,752 
127,875 
110,385 
(1) In 2021, the Group voluntarily changed its accounting policy for the presentation of certain financial instruments relating to 
securities financing and the comparatives for 2020 were restated accordingly. The footnoted numbers represent the restated 2020 
comparative. For further details, see note 1 (c) of the 2021 Financial Statements. 
Key Financial Ratios 
 
 
As at or for the six 
months ended 30 June
 
As at or for the year ended 31 December 
 
 
 
2023
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
 
 
(unaudited) 
 
CET1 fully loaded capital ratio ........................ 
15.7%
 
16.3% 
16.6% 
15.6 
CET1 transitional capital ratio ......................... 
16.5%
17.9% 
19.2% 
18.9% 
Net interest margin .......................................... 
2.94%
1.74% 
1.58% 
1.94% 
Cost/income ratio (IFRS basis) ........................ 
51%
71% 
84% 
78% 
Loan to deposit ratio ........................................ 
59% 
 
58% 
61% 
69% 
 
Selected Segmental Information 
The following tables provide selected segmental income statement items for the six months ended 30 June 2023 
and 2022 and for the years ended 31 December 2022, 2021 and 2020:

--- Page 89 ---
86 
 
 
Six months ended 30 June 2023 
 
 
 
Retail 
Banking 
Capital 
Markets 
AIB UK 
Group 
Total 
Exceptional 
items 
Total 
 
 
(€ millions) 
 
Total operating income ......  
1,427 
500 
225 
57 
2,209 
(12) 
2,197 
Operating profit/(loss) before 
impairment losses ..................  
797 
313 
139 
(44) 
1,205 
(130) 
1,075 
Profit/(loss) before taxation ...  
752 
287 
136 
(58) 
1,117 
(130) 
987 
 
 
 
Six months ended 30 June 2022 
 
 
 
Retail 
Banking 
Capital 
Markets 
AIB UK 
Group 
Total 
Exceptional 
items 
Total 
 
 
(€ millions) 
 
Total operating income ......  
675 
387 
159 
53 
1,274 
32 
1,306 
Operating profit/(loss) before 
impairment losses ..................  
127 
229 
77 
(42) 
391 
(168) 
223 
Profit/(loss) before taxation ...  
353 
316 
78 
(42) 
705 
(168) 
537 
 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 2022 
 
 
 
Retail 
Banking 
Capital 
Markets 
AIB UK 
Group 
Total 
Exceptional 
items 
Total 
 
 
(€ millions) 
 
Total operating income ......  
1,604 
798 
350 
143 
2,895 
18 
2,913 
Operating profit/(loss) before 
impairment losses ..................  
403 
461 
177 
40 
1,081 
(231) 
850 
Profit/(loss) before taxation ...  
554 
384 
133 
40 
1,111 
(231) 
880 
 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
 
 
 
Retail 
Banking 
Capital 
Markets 
AIB UK 
Group 
Total 
Exceptional 
items 
Total 
 
 
(€ millions) 
 
Total operating income ......  
1,409 
616 
280 
79 
2,384 
(8) 
2,376 
Operating profit/(loss) before 
impairment losses ..................  
278 
349 
93 
(32) 
688 
(318) 
370 
Profit/(loss) before taxation ...  
380 
487 
112 
(32) 
947 
(318) 
629 
 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 2020(2) 
 
 
 
Retail 
Banking 
Capital 
Markets 
AIB UK 
Group 
Total 
Exceptional 
items 
Total 
 
 
(€ millions) 
 
Total operating income ......  
1,449 
560 
262 
100 
2,371 
2 
2,373

--- Page 90 ---
87 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 2020(2) 
 
 
 
Retail 
Banking 
Capital 
Markets 
AIB UK 
Group 
Total 
Exceptional 
items 
Total 
 
 
(€ millions) 
 
Operating profit/(loss) before 
impairment losses ..................  
539 
428 
97 
(335) 
729 
(215) 
514 
Profit/(loss) before taxation ...  
66 
(339) 
(108) 
(335) 
(716) 
(215) 
(931) 
(2) In 2022, the Group made changes to the methodologies used to allocate cost and income across operating segments to enhance 
the management of standalone segment performance. Figures for the prior year have been restated on a comparative basis. However, 
the selected segmental income statement for 31 December 2020 reflects the previous allocation methodology. For further details, see 
note 3 of the 2022 Annual Financial Report. 
 
The following tables provide selected segmental balance sheet information as at 30 June 2023 and as at 31 
December 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 
 
As at 30 June 2023 
 
 
 
Retail
Banking 
Capital
Markets 
AIB UK 
Group 
Total 
 
 
(€ millions) 
 
Loans and advances to customers .................... 
34,726 
19,171 
7,266 
21 
61,184 
Customer accounts ........................................... 
79,383 
14,730 
8,573 
1,018 
103,704 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2022 
 
 
 
Retail
Banking 
Capital
Markets 
AIB UK 
Group 
Total 
 
 
(€ millions) 
 
Loans and advances to customers .................... 
34,165 
18,464 
6,969 
15 
59,613 
Customer accounts ........................................... 
75,798 
16,240 
9,097 
1,224 
102,359 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2021 
 
 
 
Retail
Banking 
Capital
Markets 
AIB UK 
Group 
Total 
 
 
(€ millions) 
 
Loans and advances to customers .................... 
33,144 
15,386 
7,965 
13 
56,508 
Customer accounts ........................................... 
65,227 
14,470 
11,831 
1,338 
92,866

--- Page 91 ---
88 
 
 
As at 31 December 2020 
 
 
 
Retail
Banking 
Capital
Markets 
AIB UK 
Group 
Total 
 
 
(€ millions) 
 
Loans and advances to customers .................... 
34,008 
14,528 
8,269 
36(1)
56,841 
Customer accounts ........................................... 
56,874 
12,735 
10,959 
1,389(1)
81,957 
(1) Please see footnote (1) to the table set out in “Selected Consolidated Statement of Financial Position Data”

--- Page 92 ---
89 
OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW AND RISK MANAGEMENT 
The discussion of the financial condition and results of operations of AIB below and incorporated by reference 
herein should be read in conjunction with the Financial Statements and the information relating to AIB’s 
business included elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. AIB’s financial information as at and for the years ended 
31 December 2022, 2021, and 2020 has been audited by Deloitte, independent auditors.  
Some of the information contained in the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that are 
based on assumptions and estimates and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Investors should read 
“Presentation of Information—Forward-looking statements” for a discussion of the risks and uncertainties 
related to these statements. Investors should also read the section entitled “Risk Factors” for a discussion of 
certain factors that may affect AIB’s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
The Group’s 2023 Half-Yearly Financial Report, 2022 Annual Financial Report and 2021 Annual Financial 
Report, which have been previously published, contain financial information about AIB which is relevant to 
investors. The following list is intended to enable investors to easily identify the relevant items within the 
Group’s 2023 Half-Yearly Financial Report, 2022 Annual Financial Report and 2021 Annual Financial Report. 
The list sets out the sections of these documents which are incorporated by reference into, and form part of, this 
section, “Operating and Financial Review and Risk Management”, and only the parts of the documents 
identified in the table below are incorporated into, and form part of, this section, “Operating and Financial 
Review and Risk Management”. The parts of these documents which are not incorporated by reference either 
are not relevant for investors or are covered elsewhere in this document. 
2023 Half-Yearly Financial Report 
The page numbers below refer to the relevant pages of the 2022 Half-Yearly Financial Report for: 
 
Business Performance – 
o 
Financial performance: page 2 
 
Operating and Financial Review: pages 14 to 28 
 
 Risk Management: pages 33 to 75 
2022 Annual Financial Report 
The page numbers below refer to the relevant pages of the 2022 Annual Financial Report for: 
 
Business Performance – 
o 
Financial Performance: page 4 
 
Economic Outlook: pages 12 to 13 
 
Operating and Financial Review: pages 56 to 70 
 
Risk Management: pages 130 to 207  
2021 Annual Financial Report 
The page numbers below refer to the relevant pages of the 2021 Annual Financial Report for: 
 
Business Performance – 
o 
Financial Performance: page 2 
 
Economic Outlook: pages 16 to 17

--- Page 93 ---
90 
 
Operating and Financial Review: pages 58 to 72 
 
Risk Management: pages 78 to 168 
Key Factors Affecting Results of Operations 
Economic Conditions in Ireland and the United Kingdom  
AIB’s activities in Ireland and the United Kingdom account for the majority of its business. As a result, the 
performance of the Irish economy is extremely important to AIB. Its operations in and its proximity to the 
United Kingdom also mean that it is influenced directly by political, economic and financial developments 
there, as well as indirectly through the impact of such developments in the United Kingdom on the Irish 
economy.  
Irish GDP rose by 7.6 per cent per annum on average between 2017-2019. Meanwhile, the unemployment rate 
declined over the same period from 7.4 per cent at the start of 2017, to 4.8 per cent by the end of 2019. At the 
same time, inflation was very subdued, averaging just 0.6 per cent per annum between 2017-2019. The Irish 
economy had also deleveraged substantially in the decade following the global financial crisis and public 
finances had returned to surplus. However, in 2020, like elsewhere, the Irish economy faced significant 
challenges, with strict lockdown measures put in place to prevent the spread of COVID-19. Despite Irish GDP 
rising by 6.6 per cent in 2020, boosted by Ireland’s favourable export mix, the domestic economy contracted, 
with modified final domestic demand (“MFDD”) declining by 5.9 per cent in 2020.  
Over the past two years, the Irish economy has performed very strongly. GDP increased by 15.1 per cent and 
9.4 per cent, in 2021 and 2022, respectively. MFDD rebounded by 7.3 per cent, before expanding by 9.5 per 
cent over the same period. Exports remained a key driver of GDP growth, rising by double-digit levels in each 
of the last two years. Meanwhile, the unemployment rate has trended sharply lower, while employment has 
risen significantly. The unemployment rate declined to 4.4 per cent by the end of 2022. At the same time, the 
number of people in employment was 9.2 per cent higher in Q4 2022 than in Q4 2019. The Exchequer finances 
have also returned to surplus once again, driven by a sharp rise in corporation tax receipts, as well as higher 
income and VAT returns. Total tax revenues were 40 per cent higher in 2022 than in 2019. Overall, an Exchequer 
surplus of €5 billion was registered in 2022, compared to a deficit of €7.4 billion in 2021. 
However, like all other economies, the Irish economy has been exposed to the uncertain and challenging global 
macroeconomic backdrop of recent years. The war in Ukraine, elevated levels of inflation and aggressive 
monetary policy tightening have impacted economic conditions in Ireland. Although, Ireland has little-to-no 
direct exposure to Ukraine and Russia, higher wholesale commodity prices due to the conflict, most notably 
energy and fuel, led to a surge in inflation, with Irish HICP peaking at 9.6 per cent in June/July 2022 and 
averaging 8 per cent for the full year 2022. Meanwhile, the ECB raised interest rates by a total of 250 basis 
points over the second half of 2022 in response to the surge in inflation across the Eurozone. The central bank 
has also enacted a further 175 basis points of policy tightening so far in 2023. Encouragingly, inflation has 
eased in recent months, with Irish and Eurozone HICP rates falling to 4.6 per cent and 5.3 per cent, respectively, 
in July 2023.  
Two key regulatory changes which impact the Irish economy have also taken place in recent years. Firstly, the 
UK and EU agreed on the Trade and Co-operation Agreement (the “TCA”) in late December 2020. The TCA 
prevented a no-trade deal scenario, which would have been the worst-case Brexit outcome from an Irish 
economic perspective. However, the TCA does not provide the same economic advantages that the EU Single 
Market does. 12 months’ notice must be given to terminate the TCA. During this period, talks must be held to 
try and resolve differences and save the TCA.  
Secondly, Ireland signed up to the OECD proposal of a minimum global corporate tax rate of 15 per cent for 
large multinationals, which is due to take effect in 2024. The Department of Finance, in early analysis budgeted 
for a €2 billion decrease to Irish corporate tax receipts by 2025 due to changes to the global tax system.

--- Page 94 ---
91 
Nevertheless, Ireland has remained an attractive location for foreign direct investment, especially as its main 
competitor for foreign direct investment, the UK, is now outside of the EU Single Market & Custom Union. 
Very strong levels of foreign direct investment into Ireland were registered in 2021 and 2022, with a strong 
pipeline in place for 2023.  
Overall, the Irish economy has shown resilience over the past few years, particularly in the face of the pandemic, 
Brexit, and the uncertain global macroeconomic backdrop. Despite a 2.8 per cent contraction in GDP during 
the first quarter of 2023, largely due to a sharp fall in manufacturing output, the preliminary GDP report shows 
a 3.3 per cent rebound in economic growth in the second quarter of 2023. The domestic economy has continued 
to perform well with the unemployment rate continuing to trend lower, staying within a narrow 4.1-4.2% range 
so far this year from January to July. Looking forward, there are a wide range of GDP forecasts for 2023. The 
Central Bank is projecting GDP growth of 5.3 per cent in 2023 and 5 per cent in 2024, before moderating to 3.8 
per cent in 2025. (Central Bank of Ireland, June 2023). Meanwhile, the Economic and Social Research Institute 
(ESRI) is forecasting GDP growth of mere 0.1 per cent this year and 3.5 per cent in 2024 (ESRI, June 2023). 
Russia-Ukraine Conflict 
The impact of the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine remains uncertain. The Group does not have 
any direct exposure to Ukraine, Russia or Belarus and exposures indirectly affected by the conflict are 
negligible. 
Non-performing Exposures  
The Group has made significant progress in reducing its non-performing exposures, with the level of non-
performing exposures having reduced from €4.3 billion at 31 December 2020 (representing 7.3 per cent. of total 
gross loans to customers) to €2.1 billion at 30 June 2023 (representing 3.3 per cent. of total gross loans to 
customers). The Group continues to focus on reducing non-performing exposures through sustainable 
restructuring solutions and disposal of non-performing loan portfolios. The Group completed the disposal of 
non-performing loan portfolios with a gross non-performing value of €1.0 billion in 2021 and €0.5 billion in 
2022. 
Interest Rates 
Net interest income represented 80 per cent. of the Group’s total income in the half year ended 30 June 2023, 
as compared to 75 per cent. in the year ended 31 December 2022 and 75 per cent. in the year ended 31 December 
2021. The Group’s results are therefore dependent to a great extent on its net interest income. The Group’s net 
interest margin, which is the difference between the yield on its interest-bearing assets and the cost of its 
interest-bearing liabilities, varies according to prevailing interest rates.  
The Group had been negatively impacted by the enduring low / negative interest rate environment in recent 
years which has contributed to a reduction in net interest income. Conversely the Group has benefited from the 
interest rate environment in 2022 and 2023, as Central Banks increased interest rates in response to inflation.  
Inorganic and other strategic transactions 
The Group’s results are impacted by its inorganic and other strategic transactions. These transactions include 
the following. 
Joint Venture with Great-West Lifeco 
On 23 June 2021, the Group announced that it had reached an agreement to form a joint venture with Canada 
Life Irish Holding Company Limited, a subsidiary of Great-West Lifeco Inc. The joint venture was officially 
launched in June 2023, trading as AIB life, following receipt of regulatory approvals. Through this strategic 
initiative, the Group offers customers a range of life protection, pensions, savings and investment options 
enhanced by integrated digital solutions and with continued access to its qualified financial advisors.

--- Page 95 ---
92 
Ulster Bank corporate and commercial loans 
In June 2021, the Group confirmed that it had entered into an agreement for the acquisition of an Ulster Bank 
performing corporate and commercial loan portfolio for a total consideration of €4.1 billion, equivalent to 97.3 
per cent of par value. In June 2022, following the receipt of competition clearance from the CCPC, the Group 
commenced the onboarding of loans on a phased basis. The acquisition process and onboarding of customers, 
which completed in July 2023, resulted in the onboarding of €3.1 billion of loans, approximately 3,500 
customers and the transfer of 227 ex-Ulster Bank colleagues.  
Goodbody 
In September 2021, the Group announced that following receipt of all regulatory approvals, it had completed 
the acquisition of Goodbody, a leading Irish provider of wealth management, corporate finance and capital 
markets services.  
Ulster Bank performing tracker mortgage portfolio  
In 2022, the Group confirmed that Allied Irish Banks, p.l.c. had entered into an agreement for the acquisition 
of an Ulster Bank tracker (and linked) mortgage portfolio of approximately €5.7 billion for a consideration of 
approximately €5.4 billion. The agreement received CCPC approval in January 2023. The final consideration 
payable depends on movements in the portfolio up to completion. Subsequent to 30 June 2023, the Group 
acquired eligible performing loans of €4 billion with the remaining eligible loans expected to be acquired by 
the end of 2023. 
Bank levies and regulatory fees 
The Group incurs bank levy and regulatory fee costs on an annual basis, mainly in respect of the Irish bank levy 
and contributions to the Deposit Guarantee Scheme and the Single Resolution Fund. 
The Irish bank levy fee, payable annually in October, is calculated based on each financial institution’s Deposit 
Interest Retention Tax.  
The Deposit Guarantee Scheme is a statutory deposit protection scheme administered by the Central Bank 
requiring credit institutions to pay an annual contribution based on their covered deposits and degree of risk. 
The SRB is the central resolution authority within the European Banking Union, The Single Resolution Fund 
is an emergency fund that can be called upon in times of crisis. All banks across the twenty-one Banking Union 
countries must pay a fee annually by law to the Single Resolution Fund. 
Restitution and Restructuring costs 
Restitution costs in relation to legacy items continued during the periods under review. The main legacy items 
are the Tracker Mortgage Examination and the related FSPO decision as well as redress and other costs in 
respect of a series of investment property funds (known as Belfry) which were sold to individual investors 
during the period from 2002 to 2006. In June 2022, the Central Bank announced the conclusion of the 
enforcement actions against AIB and EBS regarding their handling of tracker mortgages. 
Restructuring costs reflect the implementation of the Group’s strategy (Strategy 2023), including termination 
benefits, impairment and other costs associated with the reduction in the Group’s property footprint, changes to 
the Retail network in the Republic of Ireland and the End-to-End Credit Processes as well as the exit from the 
SME market in Great Britain. 
For further information on the restitution and restructuring costs please see the exceptional items discussion in 
the 2023 Half-Yearly Financial Report, which is incorporated by reference herein.

--- Page 96 ---
93 
Recent Developments 
Subsequent to 30 June 2023, the Group migrated €178 million of Ulster Bank corporate and commercial loans, 
bringing the total amount of migrated Ulster Bank corporate and commercial loans to €3.1 billion. The transfer 
of the Ulster Bank corporate and commercial loans is now complete.  
The Group received regulatory approval for the acquisition of the Ulster Bank tracker (and linked) mortgages 
in H1 2023. The Group now expects approximately €5 billion of loans to be transferred upon completion, with 
€4 billion transferred in July 2023. The remaining eligible loans are expected to migrate by the end of 2023.  
Return on Tangible Equity  
In assessing the capital efficiency of AIB, the return on tangible equity is a better reflection of performance 
given capital requirements and the nature and quantum of deferred tax assets recognised for unutilised tax losses 
in equity. 
Return on tangible equity is defined as profit after tax less coupons paid on Additional Tier 1 Securities, divided 
by targeted CET1 capital (13.5 per cent. since 2021) on a fully loaded basis. The following table presents the 
basis of calculation of return on tangible equity for the six months ended 30 June 2023 and for the years ended 
31 December 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 
 
As at and for the six 
months ended 30 June 
As at and for the year ended 31 December 
 
 
 
2023 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
 
 
(€ millions, unless otherwise indicated) 
 
 
 
(unaudited) 
 
Profit/(loss) after tax ........................................ 
854 
 
765 
645 
(741) 
AT1 coupons paid ............................................ 
(33) 
 
(65) 
(65) 
(76) 
Attributable earnings (numerator) ............... 
821 
 
700 
579 
(817) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Average RWA ................................................. 
56,963 
 
53,846 
52,469 
52,289 
Average RWA * 13.5% CET1 target 
(denominator) ................................................ 
7,690  
 
7,269 
7,083 
7,320(1) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Return on Tangible Equity ........................... 
21.5% 
 
9.6%
8.2%
(11.2)%
 
Note: 
 
(1) 
RoTE based on a CET1 target of 14% for the year ended 31 December 2020.

--- Page 97 ---
94 
CAPITAL 
The following table presents AIB’s regulatory capital and capital ratios on a CRD transitional and fully loaded 
basis as at 30 June 2023 and 31 December 2022: 
 
 
CRD IV transitional basis(1) 
 
CRD fully loaded basis(2) 
 
 
 
As at  
 
As at  
 
 
 
30 June 2023  
31 December 
2022 
 
30 June 2023  
31 December 
2022 
 
 
 
(€ millions, unless otherwise indicated) 
 
Common equity tier 1 capital 
 
 
 
 
 
Equity ........................................................  
12,792 
12,266 
12,792 
12,266 
Less AT1 capital ........................................  
(1,115) 
(1,115) 
(1,115) 
(1,115) 
Less proposed ordinary dividend ...............  
(544) 
(166) 
(544) 
(166) 
Regulatory adjustments: 
 
 
 
 
 
Intangible assets .........................................  
(539) 
(537) 
(539) 
(537) 
Cash flow hedging reserves .......................  
1,433 
1,470 
1,433 
1,470 
IFRS 9 CET1 transitional addback ............  
232 
411 
— 
— 
Pension ......................................................  
(20) 
(12) 
(20) 
(12) 
Deferred tax ...............................................  
(2,381) 
(2,192) 
(2,639) 
(2,724) 
Calendar provisioning ................................  
(92) 
(115) 
(92) 
(115) 
Other ..........................................................  
(103) 
(65) 
(103) 
(65) 
Total regulatory adjustments .....................  
(1,470) 
(1,040) 
(1,960) 
(1,983) 
Total common equity tier 1 .....................  
9,663 
9,945 
9,173 
9,002 
Additional Tier 1 capital 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Additional Tier 1 issuance .........................  
1,115 
1,115 
1,115 
1,115 
Other ..........................................................  
(3) 
(3) 
(3) 
(3) 
Total Additional Tier 1 Capital ..............  
1,112 
1,112 
1,112 
1,112 
Total Tier 1 Capital .................................  
10,775 
11,057 
10,285 
10,114 
Tier 2 capital 
 
 
 
 
 
Subordinated debt 
 
1,500 
1,500 
1,500 
1,500 
Instruments issued by subsidiaries that are 
given recognition in tier 2 capital ..............  
28 
27 
30 
29 
IRB Excess of provisions over expected 
losses eligible .............................................  
145 
135 
145 
135 
IFRS 9 tier 2 transitional adjustment .........  
(123) 
(135) 
— 
— 
Other ..........................................................  
(3) 
(3) 
(3) 
(3) 
Total Tier 2 Capital .................................  
1,547 
1,524 
1,672 
1,661 
Total capital .............................................  
12,322 
12,581 
11,957 
11,775 
Risk-weighted assets 
 
 
 
 
 
Credit risk ..................................................  
53,975 
50,886 
53,833 
50,661

--- Page 98 ---
95 
 
 
CRD IV transitional basis(1) 
 
CRD fully loaded basis(2) 
 
 
 
As at  
 
As at  
 
 
 
30 June 2023  
31 December 
2022 
 
30 June 2023  
31 December 
2022 
 
 
 
(€ millions, unless otherwise indicated) 
 
Market risk.................................................  
339 
291 
339 
291 
Operational risk .........................................  
4,302 
4,302 
4,302 
4,302 
Credit valuation adjustment and settlement 
risk .............................................................  
108
 
79
 
108
 
79
 
Total risk-weighted assets .......................  
58,724 
55,558 
58,582 
55,333 
Common equity tier 1 ratio .....................  
16.5% 
17.9% 
15.7% 
16.3%
Tier 1 ratio................................................  
18.3% 
19.9% 
17.6% 
18.3%
Total capital ratio ....................................  
21.0% 
22.6% 
20.4% 
21.3%
 
Notes: 
 
(1) 
Transitional ratios are calculated applying the transitional provisions set out in Part Ten of the CRR. 
(2) 
Fully loaded ratios are calculated applying all requirements of the CRR without applying the transitional requirements 
set out in Part Ten. 
Capital Ratios at 30 June 2023 
The fully loaded CET1 ratio decreased to 15.7 per cent. at 30 June 2023, compared to 16.3 per cent. at 31 
December 2022.  
The 0.6 per cent. decrease is primarily due to the increase in RWA. A profit after tax of €0.9 billion (1.5 per 
cent.) is offset by an anticipated charge for dividends (1.0 per cent. decrease), a share buyback programme 
completed in April (0.4 per cent. decrease ) and other capital adjustment (0.1 per cent. increase). 
RWA increases include the Ulster Bank tracker (and linked) mortgage portfolio acquisition (0.5 per cent. 
decrease), increases in respect of IRB models (0.4 per cent. decrease), with increases in new lending offset by 
further application of CRR RWA related efficiencies.  
The amount of Additional Tier 1 Securities recognised on a fully loaded basis is €1,112 million and the amount 
of Tier 2 instruments recognised is €1,672 million at 30 June 2023. 
Capital requirements 
The Bank of England announced the increase of the UK Countercyclical capital buffer (“CCyB”) to 2 per cent. 
on 5 July 2023 (equating to an estimated 0.40 per cent. Group requirement). The Central Bank reintroduced the 
CCyB for Irish exposures at 0.5 per cent. in June 2023, increasing to 1 per cent. on 24 November 2023 (equating 
to an estimated 0.70 per cent. Group requirement) and to 1.5 per cent. on 7 June 2024. Other jurisdictional 
CCyB in place have a negligible impact on Group capital requirements. 
The Group is required to maintain a CET1 ratio of 10.61 per cent. at 30 June 2023. This includes a Pillar 1 
requirement of 4.5 per cent., a Pillar 2 requirement of 1.55 per cent., a capital conservation buffer of 2.5 per 
cent., an O-SII buffer of 1.5 per cent. and a CCyB of 0.56 per cent. The minimum requirement for the total

--- Page 99 ---
96 
capital ratio is 15.32 per cent. This requirement excludes Pillar 2 guidance which is not publicly disclosed. The 
transitional CET1 and total capital ratios at 30 June 2023 are 16.5 per cent. and 21.0 per cent., respectively. 
Based on these ratios, the Group has a very significant buffer over maximum distributable amount trigger levels.

--- Page 100 ---
97 
SUPERVISION AND REGULATION 
1 
Regulation of Banks in Ireland  
1.1 
General Supervision and Regulation of Banks in Ireland 
As a credit institution that is incorporated in Ireland, each of AIB Bank, AIB Mortgage Bank, EBS and 
EBS Mortgage Finance is (i) authorised by and subject to the regulatory oversight of the Relevant 
Banking Regulator (as described below under “—Role of the Relevant Banking Regulator”); and 
(ii) subject to regulation under general banking legislation in Ireland (the “Irish Banking Code”). 
The Irish Banking Code consists primarily of the Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018, as amended (the 
“Central Bank Acts”), including the Central Bank and Financial Services Authority of Ireland Act 2003, 
the Central Bank and Financial Services Authority of Ireland Act 2004 (the “2004 Central Bank Act”), 
the Central Bank Reform Act 2010, as amended, the Central Bank and Credit Institutions (Resolution) 
Act 2011, as amended (the “Bank Resolution Act”), the Central Bank (Supervision and Enforcement) 
Act 2013, as amended (the “2013 Central Bank Act”), regulations made by the Minister for Finance 
under the European Communities Act 1972, as amended, regulatory notices, regulations and codes of 
conduct issued by the Central Bank and EU regulations relating to banking regulation. 
The Central Bank Acts provide that banking business may only be carried on in Ireland by the holder of 
a local banking authorisation or a passported EEA banking authorisation on an EEA branch or cross 
border basis (as described below). The Relevant Banking Regulator may, in its discretion, grant or refuse 
a local banking authorisation under the Central Bank Acts or, as applicable, SSM Regulation and may 
attach conditions to any local banking authorisation on its issuance or subsequently. The Relevant 
Banking Regulator is empowered in specified circumstances, to revoke a local banking authorisation. 
Under the Central Bank Acts, holders of a local banking authorisation must maintain a minimum deposit 
with the Central Bank. 
The CRD was implemented in Ireland by the European Union (Capital Requirements) Regulations 2014, 
as amended. The European Union (Capital Requirements) (No.2) Regulations 2014, as amended, give 
effect to a number of technical requirements in order that the CRR can operate effectively in Irish law. 
CRD IV permits a credit institution authorised for the purposes of CRD IV in an EEA Member State (its 
“Home State”) to do banking business in any other EEA Member State (the “Host State”) without having 
to obtain an official authorisation from the relevant regulator in the Host State. The authorisation from 
the competent authority of the Home State operates effectively as a “passport” to do banking business 
throughout the EEA.  
1.2 
SSM and SRM 
Under the SSM, the ECB is the central prudential supervisor of certain financial institutions in the 
Eurozone, including AIB, and in those non-Eurozone but EU Member States that have chosen to join 
the SSM. The aims of the SSM are to ensure the safety and soundness of the European banking system 
and to increase financial integration and stability in Europe. The EU legislative measures which provide 
for the SSM are the SSM Regulation and the SSM Framework Regulation, which are given full effect 
in Irish law under the European Union (SSM) Regulations 2014. 
The European institutions have also established the SRM under the SRM Regulation. The SRM applies 
to credit institutions covered by the SSM. In cases of the failure of a credit institution, the SRM will 
allow its resolution to be managed effectively through a single resolution board and a single resolution 
fund, financed by levies raised at national level.

--- Page 101 ---
98 
1.3 
Capital and Liquidity Requirements 
In Ireland, the Relevant Banking Regulator requires credit institutions to manage their liquidity, on a 
consolidated group-wide basis, by applying a cash-flow maturity mismatch approach. This requires a 
credit institution to analyse its cash flows on a group-wide basis under various headings and to place 
them in pre-determined time bands depending on when the cash is received or paid out.  
The CRD governs, amongst other things, the access by credit institutions to deposit-taking activities, 
while the CRR establishes the prudential requirements credit institutions need to respect. 
CRD V and the CRR contain detailed prudential requirements for credit institutions and certain 
investment firms and include measures relating to: 
(i) 
minimum levels and quality of capital;  
(ii) 
liquidity;  
(iii) 
leverage ratio;  
(iv) 
the introduction of a single rule book; 
(v) 
enhanced governance; 
(vi) 
sanctions for non-compliance; 
(vii) 
capital buffers: CRD IV specifies a number of capital buffers on top of the minimum capital 
requirements — a capital conservation buffer (identical for all credit institutions in the EU, 
subject to transitional arrangements), a buffer in respect of global systemically important 
institutions, a buffer in respect of O-SII, a systemic risk buffer (not yet transposed into Irish law) 
and a CCyB (determined at national level); and 
(viii) maximum distributable amount restrictions which limit a credit institution’s ability to make 
distributions on CET1 and additional tier 1 (“AT1”) capital instruments or certain payments in 
respect of pensions and remuneration where a combined requirement as to the level of capital 
buffers referred to above is not met. 
1.4 
Role of the ECB under the SSM 
1.4.1 
Framework of Supervision 
Under the SSM Framework Regulation, the ECB is the single supervisory authority for all credit 
institutions, financial holding companies and mixed financial holding companies in the Eurozone 
and in those other Member States that participate in the EU banking union (the “Banking Union”). 
In Ireland, the SSM Regulation and the SSM Framework Regulation were given full effect under 
the European Union (SSM) Regulations 2014, which amended the Central Bank Acts and certain 
other legislation relating to credit institutions so as to give that effect. The ECB is the direct 
supervisor of AIB Bank and AIB Bank is deemed to be authorised by the ECB under the SSM 
Regulation. 
Although the ECB has been charged with the critical task of ensuring financial stability, certain 
functions remain at national level, as described in further detail below. 
Under the SSM Framework Regulation, the ECB has established a framework for co-operation 
within the SSM between the ECB and national competent authorities (which includes the Central 
Bank) and with national designated authorities (together with national competent authorities, 
“national supervisory authorities”).

--- Page 102 ---
99 
1.4.2 
Direct and Indirect Supervision 
Under the SSM, the ECB supervises any credit institution that meets certain threshold conditions 
(each a “Significant Credit Institution”): 
 
In Ireland, AIB Bank, EBS, AIB Mortgage Bank and EBS Mortgage Finance are 
Significant Credit Institutions for the purposes of the SSM and are subject to supervision 
and regulation by the ECB under the SSM; and 
 
A credit institution that is not a Significant Credit Institution is referred to as an “Other 
Credit Institution”. 
1.4.3 
Powers of the ECB 
In performing its prudential supervisory role in respect of every credit institution in the Eurozone 
and in any other Member State that participates in the Banking Union, the ECB has two principal 
functions: 
 
to authorise, and withdraw the authorisation of, credit institutions; and 
 
to assess applications for the approval of the acquisition and disposal of qualifying 
holdings in credit institutions, subject to limited exceptions. 
In respect of Significant Credit Institutions, the ECB is also empowered to (among other 
functions): 
 
impose prudential requirements on the Significant Credit Institution, including in respect 
of own funds, large exposures, liquidity requirements and other prudential regulatory 
matters; 
 
assess “passport” applications by the Significant Credit Institution (i.e., to provide 
services on a cross-border basis or to establish a branch) in a Member State that is outside 
the Banking Union; 
 
carry out supervisory reviews, including stress tests; and 
 
impose and assess compliance with governance and probity requirements, including “fit 
and proper” tests. 
The ECB is vested under the SSM Regulation and the SSM Framework Regulation with a range 
of supervisory and investigatory powers for these purposes, including on-site inspections. The 
ECB is also empowered under those regulations to impose administrative penalties on credit 
institutions. 
1.4.4 
The Role of National Supervisory Authorities 
Although every credit institution in the Eurozone is subject to the SSM, national supervisory 
authorities (which include the Central Bank) are responsible for the day-to-day supervision of 
Other Credit Institutions; the ECB in turn monitors the supervision of Other Credit Institutions 
by those national supervisory authorities. The ECB may issue general and specific instructions 
to national supervisory authorities and a national supervisory authority must notify the ECB of 
any supervisory decision at national level that has material consequences. 
National supervisory authorities retain responsibility for every supervisory function that is not 
transferred specifically to the ECB. In addition, national supervisory authorities have a role in 
relation to certain macro-prudential tasks and tools, including setting requirements in respect of

--- Page 103 ---
100 
capital buffers such as the O-SII buffer and CcyB, subject to the power of the ECB under the 
SSM Regulation to apply higher requirements if the ECB deems it necessary. 
1.4.5 
Role of the EBA within the SSM 
The EBA has a role in developing proposals for binding technical standards to build the single 
rulebook that applies in all Member States participating in the SSM with respect to the CRD IV, 
the BRRD and the Directive 2014/49/EU on deposit guarantee schemes (the “DGSD”) in order 
to enhance convergence in supervisory practices in the EU/EEA.  
1.5 
Role of the Relevant Banking Regulator 
The role of the Central Bank with respect to the regulation of banking in Ireland is subject to the role of 
the ECB under the SSM. 
The Relevant Banking Regulator is responsible for regulating and supervising a range of banking and 
financial services entities in Ireland, including credit institutions, and operates on the basis of 
consolidated regulation. The Relevant Banking Regulator can grant banking licences (ECB 
authorisations for the purposes of the SSM Regulations) in the case of Irish incorporated credit 
institutions or local authorisations in the case of Irish branches of credit institutions incorporated outside 
the EEA. The Relevant Banking Regulator carries out regular review meetings and periodically inspects 
holders of local banking authorisations. The Relevant Banking Regulator is also empowered by law to 
carry out inspections of the books and records of local banking authorisation holders and to obtain 
information from such holders about their banking and bank-related business. The Relevant Banking 
Regulator has a wide range of statutory powers to enable it to effectively regulate and supervise the 
activities of credit institutions in Ireland. 
The Relevant Banking Regulator may prescribe ratios to be maintained between, and requirements as to 
the composition of, the assets and liabilities of holders of local banking authorisations, and make a range 
of regulations for the prudent and orderly conduct of banking business of such holders. CRD IV imposes 
minimum start-up and ongoing capital requirements for holders of an ECB banking authorisation and 
requires applicants for such an authorisation to notify the Relevant Banking Regulator of the identity of 
certain shareholders and the size of their holdings in the applicant. 
AIB’s operations in overseas locations are subject to the regulations and reporting requirements of the 
regulatory and supervisory authorities in the overseas locations, with the Relevant Banking Regulator 
having overall responsibility for their regulation and supervision. The Relevant Banking Regulator is 
required to supervise AIB on a consolidated basis (i.e., taking account of the activities and relationships 
of the entire group). 
1.6 
BRRD and SRM Regulation 
The BRRD establishes a European framework dealing with pre-resolution and resolution mechanisms, 
loss absorbency and bail-in rules. The BRRD framework is intended to enable resolution authorities to 
resolve failing banks with a lower risk of triggering contagion to the broader financial system, while 
sharing the costs of resolution with bank shareholders and creditors. Among other provisions, the BRRD 
requires credit institutions to produce a full recovery plan that sets out detailed measures to be taken in 
different scenarios when the viability of the institution is at risk. 
The BRRD introduces the Write-Down Tool. The Write-Down Tool would be applicable in particular if 
the resolution authority determines that unless the Write-Down Tool is applied, the credit institution will 
no longer be viable or if a decision has been made to provide the credit institution with extraordinary 
public financial support without which the credit institution or its group will no longer be viable.

--- Page 104 ---
101 
The BRRD also equips the resolution authority with the following Resolution Tools in circumstances 
where the credit institution meets the conditions for resolution under BRRD: 
(i) 
the sale of business tool; and/or 
(ii) 
the bridge institution tool; and/or 
(iii) 
the asset separation tool; and/or 
(iv) 
the General Bail-In Tool. 
BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and exploited the above 
resolution tools to the maximum extent possible whilst maintaining financial stability, to be able to 
provide extraordinary public financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools. These 
consist of the public equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary 
financial support must be provided in accordance with the EU state aid framework. 
An institution will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: (i) it is, or is likely in the near future 
to be, in breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation; (ii) when its assets are, or are likely in 
the near future to be, less than its liabilities; (iii) when it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to 
pay its debts as they fall due; or (iv) when it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in 
limited circumstances). 
In respect of the Write-Down Tool, and the General Bail-In Tool, the resolution authority has the power, 
upon certain trigger events, to cancel existing shares, to write down eligible liabilities (i.e., own funds 
instruments and, in the case of the General Bail-In Tool, other subordinated debt and even senior debt, 
subject to exceptions in respect of certain liabilities) of a failing credit institution or to convert such 
eligible liabilities of a failing credit institution into equity at certain rates of conversion representing 
appropriate compensation to the affected holder for the loss incurred as a result of the write-down and 
conversion. 
Where a credit institution meets the conditions for resolution, the resolution regulator and/or authority 
will be required to apply the Write-Down Tool before applying the Resolution Tools. The write-down or 
conversion will follow the ordinary allocation of losses and ranking in insolvency.  
The main aims of the SSM are to ensure the safety and soundness of the European banking system and 
to increase financial integration and stability in Europe.  
Pursuant to the SRM Regulation, the SRB is responsible for drawing up AIB’s resolution plan providing 
for resolution actions that may be taken if AIB would fail or would be likely to fail. In drawing up AIB’s 
resolution plan, the SRB identifies any material impediments to AIB’s resolvability. Where necessary, 
the SRB may instruct that actions are taken to remove such impediments. 
These actions may include (but are not limited to): 
(i) 
legal restructuring of AIB, which could lead to high transaction costs, or could make AIB’s business 
operations or its funding mix become less optimally composed or more expensive; 
(ii) 
issuing additional liabilities at various levels within AIB. This may result in higher capital and funding 
costs for AIB, and as a result adversely affect AIB’s profits and its possible ability to pay dividends; 
and 
(iii) 
reviewing and amending AIB’s contracts for the purposes of ensuring (i) continuity of business 
operations, and (ii) that such contracts do not cause any impediments to resolvability of AIB. This may 
result in additional costs and operational complexity for AIB.

--- Page 105 ---
102 
If the SRB is of the view that the measures proposed by AIB would not effectively address the 
impediments to resolvability, the SRB may direct AIB to take alternative measures as outlined in the 
SRM Regulation. 
AIB has adopted policies and procedures designed to comply with its obligations under BRRD and the 
SRM Regulation.  
2 
Current Regulation of Credit Institutions in the United Kingdom 
AIB Group (UK) p.l.c. 
AIB Group (UK) p.l.c. is a company incorporated in Northern Ireland and is authorised by the PRA and 
regulated by the FCA and the PRA under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 as amended from time 
to time (“FSMA”) to carry on a wide range of regulated activities (including, among other things, accepting 
deposits and entering into a regulated mortgage contract as lender). 
AIB Bank 
AIB Bank is incorporated and has its head office in Ireland, and is authorised as a credit institution in Ireland 
by the ECB. Prior to December 2020, pursuant to the Banking Consolidation Directive (Directive 2006/48/EC), 
AIB Bank exercised its EU “passport” rights to provide banking, treasury and corporate treasury services in the 
UK through its London branch. Following the end of the transition period on 31 December 2020, AIB Bank has 
received temporary permission from the UK’s temporary permissions regime to provide such services in the 
UK through its London branch. 
Whilst in Ireland the Central Bank continues to regulate AIB Bank in certain areas, including consumer 
protection, the ECB (together with support from the Central Bank) has primary responsibility for the prudential 
supervision of AIB. However, AIB must comply with the FCA’s and PRA’s rules in so far as they apply to its 
activities carried out in the UK. In addition, the PRA has a responsibility to co-operate with the ECB and the 
Central Bank in ensuring that branches of Irish credit institutions in the United Kingdom (such as AIB Bank’s 
London branch) maintain adequate liquidity and take sufficient steps to cover risks arising from their open 
positions on financial markets in the United Kingdom. See “—Regulation of Banks in Ireland—General 
Supervision and Regulation of Banks in Ireland” above for details of passporting. 
2.1 
Regulatory Oversight by the PRA and the FCA 
FSMA is the principal piece of legislation governing the establishment, supervision and regulation of 
financial services and markets in the UK. The PRA and the FCA are the regulators in the UK responsible 
for the authorisation and supervision of regulated activities as defined in FSMA including as to restricted 
and prohibited conduct. 
The FCA supervises the activities of banks, building societies, credit unions, insurers, investment firms 
and intermediaries, insurance and mortgage intermediaries, fund managers and consumer credit firms. 
It has a single strategic objective to ensure that the markets for financial services function well, 
underpinned by the following operational objectives: 
(i) 
securing an appropriate degree of protection for consumers; 
(ii) 
protecting and enhancing the integrity of the UK financial system; and 
(iii) 
promoting effective competition in the interests of consumers. 
“Consumers” in this context has a wide meaning, covering any person who uses or may use financial 
services.

--- Page 106 ---
103 
The PRA is responsible under FSMA for the authorisation and prudential supervision of certain banks, 
building societies, credit unions, insurers and major investment firms. 
The PRA has two primary objectives: (i) a general objective to promote the safety and soundness of the 
firms it regulates, focusing on the adverse effects that they can have on the stability of the UK financial 
system; and (ii) an objective specific to insurance firms, to contribute to ensuring that policyholders are 
appropriately protected. Since 2014, the PRA has also had a secondary objective: to promote effective 
competition in the markets for services provided by PRA-authorised firms. 
2.2 
UK Banking Act 2009 
Under the Banking Act 2009, substantial powers have been granted to the HM Treasury, the Bank of 
England and the PRA (the “UK Authorities”) as part of a special resolution regime (“SRR”). These 
powers enable the UK Authorities to deal with a UK bank (such as AIB Group (UK) p.l.c.), building 
society or other UK institution with permission to accept deposits pursuant to FSMA (each, a “relevant 
entity”) in circumstances in which the UK Authorities consider it is failing or is likely to fail and a threat 
is posed to the public interest or stability of the UK financial systems. The SRR consists of five pre-
insolvency stabilisation options, an insolvency procedure and an administration procedure applicable to 
relevant entities which may be commenced by the UK Authorities. The stabilisation options provide for: 
(i) private sector transfer of all or part of the business of the relevant entity; (ii) transfer of all or part of 
the business of the relevant entity to a bridge bank established by the Bank of England; (iii) transfer of 
all or part of the business to an asset management vehicle; (iv) bail-in and recapitalisation (for example, 
by cancelling, reducing or deferring the equity liabilities of a relevant entity); and (v) temporary public 
ownership (nationalisation) of the relevant entity. In each case, the UK Authorities have been granted 
wide powers under the Banking Act 2009, including powers to modify contractual arrangements in 
certain circumstances and powers for HM Treasury to disapply or modify laws (with possible 
retrospective effect) to enable the powers under the Banking Act to be used effectively. 
The purpose of the stabilising options is to address the situation where all or part of a business of a 
relevant entity has encountered, or is likely to encounter, financial difficulties, giving rise to wider public 
interest concerns. Accordingly, the stabilisation options may only be exercised if (i) the PRA is satisfied 
that a relevant entity (such as AIB Group (UK) p.l.c.) is failing, or is likely to fail; (ii) it is not reasonably 
likely that (other than potentially through the stabilising options) action will be taken that will result in 
the relevant entity no longer failing or likely to fail; and (iii) the UK Authorities consider the exercise of 
the stabilisation options to be necessary, having regard to certain public interest considerations (such as 
the stability of the UK financial systems, public confidence in the UK banking system and the protection 
of depositors). It is therefore possible that one of the stabilisation options could be exercised prior to the 
point at which any insolvency proceedings with respect to the relevant entity could be initiated. 
3 
United States  
AIB is subject to federal and state banking and securities law supervision and regulation in the United States as 
a result of the banking activities conducted by its branch in New York. 
Under the U.S. International Banking Act of 1978, as amended (the “IBA”), AIB is a foreign banking 
organisation and is treated as a bank holding company, as such terms are defined in the statute, and, as such, is 
subject to regulation by the Federal Reserve Board (the “FRB”). The Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as 
amended (the “BHCA”), imposes significant restrictions on AIB’s U.S. non-banking operations and on its 
holdings of equity in companies which directly or indirectly operate in the United States. As a bank holding 
company that has not elected to be a “financial holding company”, AIB is generally required to limit its direct 
and indirect activities in the United States to banking activities and activities that the FRB has determined to be

--- Page 107 ---
104 
“so closely related to banking as to be a proper incident thereto”. Under the BHCA, AIB is required to obtain 
the approval of the FRB before acquiring, directly or indirectly, the ownership or control of 5 per cent. or more 
of any class of voting securities of, among other things, any U.S. bank or bank holding company. 
AIB continues to conduct limited corporate lending, treasury and other operations through its New York branch. 
AIB’s New York branch is supervised by the FRB and the New York State Department of Financial Services 
(the “NYDFS”). Under the IBA, AIB’s New York branch is subject to reporting and examination requirements 
of the FRB similar to those imposed on domestic banks, and most U.S. branches and agencies of foreign banks, 
including AIB’s New York branch, are subject to reserve requirements on deposits. Further, under the IBA, the 
FRB may terminate the activities of any U.S. branch or agency if it finds that: 
 
the foreign bank is not subject to comprehensive supervision on a consolidated basis in its home country 
and the home country supervisor is not making demonstrable progress in establishing arrangements for 
the consolidated supervision of the foreign bank; 
 
there is reasonable cause to believe that such foreign bank, or an affiliate, has violated the law or engaged 
in an unsafe or unsound banking practice in the United States and, as a result, continued operation of the 
branch or agency would be inconsistent with the public interest and purposes of the federal banking 
laws; or 
 
for a foreign bank that presents a risk to the stability of the U.S. financial system, the home country of 
the foreign bank has not adopted, or made demonstrable progress toward adopting, an appropriate system 
of financial regulation to mitigate such risk. 
Also, under the New York Banking Law (the “NYBL”), the NYDFS may take possession of the business and 
property of a New York state-licensed branch under certain circumstances, including: 
 
violation of any law; 
 
conduct of business in an unauthorized or unsafe manner; 
 
capital impairments; 
 
suspension of payment obligations; 
 
initiation of liquidation proceedings against the foreign bank; or 
 
reason to doubt the foreign bank’s ability to pay in full certain claims of its creditors. 
Pursuant to the NYBL, when the superintendent takes possession of a New York branch of a foreign bank, it 
succeeds to the branch’s assets, wherever located, and the non-branch assets of the foreign bank located in New 
York. In liquidating or dealing with a branch’s business after taking possession of the branch, the Superintendent 
will accept for payment out of the branch’s assets only the claims of creditors (unaffiliated with the foreign 
bank) that arose out of transactions with the branch (without prejudice to the rights of such creditors to be 
satisfied out of the other assets of the foreign bank) and only to the extent those claims represent an enforceable 
legal obligation against such branch as if such branch were a separate legal entity. After such claims are paid, 
together with any interest thereon, and the expenses of liquidation have been paid or properly provided for, the 
Superintendent would turn over the remaining assets to the foreign bank, or to its duly appointed liquidator or 
receiver. 
Under U.S. federal banking laws, state-licensed branches (such as AIB’s New York branch) may not, as a 
general matter, engage as a principal in any type of activity not permissible for their federally licensed 
counterparts, unless the FRB determines that the additional activity is consistent with sound banking practices. 
U.S. federal and state banking laws also generally subject state branches to the same single-borrower lending

--- Page 108 ---
105 
limits that apply to federal branches or agencies, which are substantially similar to the lending limits applicable 
to national banks. These single-borrower lending limits are based on the worldwide capital of the entire foreign 
bank. 
Anti-money laundering, anti-terrorism and economic sanctions regulations have become a major focus of U.S. 
government policy relating to financial institutions and are rigorously enforced. Regulations applicable to AIB 
and its affiliates impose obligations to maintain appropriate policies, procedures and controls to detect, prevent 
and report money laundering. In particular, Title III of the USA PATRIOT Act, as amended, requires financial 
institutions operating in the United States to (i) give special attention to correspondent and payable-through 
bank accounts; (ii) implement enhanced due diligence and “know your customer” standards for private banking 
and correspondent banking relationships; (iii) scrutinise the beneficial ownership and activity of certain 
non-U.S. and private banking customers (especially for so-called politically exposed persons); and (iv) develop 
new anti-money laundering programmes, due diligence policies and controls to ensure the detection and 
reporting of money laundering. Such required compliance programmes are intended to supplement any existing 
compliance programmes under the Bank Secrecy Act and OFAC regulations. 
OFAC administers and enforces economic and trade sanctions against targeted foreign countries, terrorists and 
international narcotics traffickers to carry out U.S. foreign policy and national security objectives. Generally, 
the regulations require blocking of accounts and other property of specified countries, entities and individuals, 
and the prohibition of certain types of transactions (unless OFAC issues a licence) with specified countries, 
entities and individuals. Banks, including U.S. branches of foreign banks, are expected to establish and maintain 
appropriate OFAC compliance programmes to ensure compliance with OFAC regulations. 
Failure of a financial institution to maintain and implement adequate programmes to combat money laundering 
and terrorist financing could have serious legal and reputational consequences for the institution. AIB has 
implemented AML/CTF controls which aim to ensure that AIB and its employees adhere to the applicable 
AML/CTF obligations. 
Other more recent federal laws and regulations, including the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer 
Protection Act of 2010 (“Dodd-Frank”), include provisions that place potentially significant limitations on 
non-U.S. banks operating in the United States, and also impact activity conducted outside the United States. 
AIB monitors its ongoing business activities to ensure continued compliance with the applicable requirements 
under Title VII of Dodd-Frank with respect to OTC derivatives.  
AIB does not trade with U.S. persons in interest rate or FX derivatives. In addition, the New York branch had 
submitted annual resolution plans under Section 165(d) of Dodd Frank, most recently in December 2018; 
however, the FRB have adjusted the scope of the submission, and the New York branch is no longer required 
to submit a resolution plan.  
Final rules for implementing Section 619 of Dodd-Frank (the “Volcker Rule”) which implements restrictions 
on both (i) proprietary trading, and (ii) investments in “covered funds” such as private equity and hedge funds 
by financial institutions were issued in December 2013 by regulatory authorities. Banking organisations 
covered by the Volcker Rule were required to conform their activities to the Volcker Rule’s requirements by 
21 July 2015, however AIB does not come under Section 619 of Dodd-Frank, as it does not trade out of its 
U.S. office.

--- Page 109 ---
106 
TAXATION 
The following is a summary of certain Irish tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposal of Notes. 
It applies to the absolute beneficial owners of Notes (including all amounts payable by the Issuer in respect of 
their Notes). However, it does not apply to certain classes of persons such as dealers in securities. The summary 
is not a comprehensive description of all of the tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to purchase, 
own or dispose of Notes. The summary is based upon Irish laws and the practice of the Revenue Commissioners 
of Ireland, in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus. The summary does not constitute tax or legal advice 
and is of a general nature only. Prospective holders should consult their own tax adviser with respect to the 
applicable tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposal of Notes. 
1 
Irish Taxation 
1.1 
Withholding tax 
There are two different types of Irish withholding tax relevant to payments on the Notes, namely Irish 
interest withholding tax and Irish encashment tax. However, there are broad exemptions available from 
these withholding taxes, which are described in the following paragraphs. As the Issuer is not a “relevant 
deposit taker” as defined in Section 256 of the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997, Irish deposit interest 
retention tax (“DIRT”) is not applicable to payments of interest made by it. 
By way of background, Irish interest withholding tax can apply to interest payments at a rate of 20 per 
cent., unless an exemption is available. This interest withholding tax can also apply to any premium paid 
on notes (but does not apply to any discount on notes). An encashment tax at a rate of 25 per cent. can 
apply to certain categories of listed notes issued by companies. 
1.1.1 
Listed Notes 
Listed Notes are Notes which have been admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin. 
Payments of interest in respect of Listed Notes may be made without any deduction of Irish tax 
by the Issuer, provided the Listed Notes remain quoted on Euronext Dublin and remain held in 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
If Notes are quoted on another “recognised” stock exchange (instead of Euronext Dublin) but 
remain held in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the same treatment should apply. 
Broadly, a “recognised” stock exchange is understood to mean a stock exchange in a jurisdiction 
which is regulated by the appropriate regulatory authority of that jurisdiction and has substantially 
the same level of recognition in that jurisdiction as Euronext Dublin has in Ireland. If Notes are 
held in another “recognised” clearing system (instead of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg), the same treatment should apply. A list of “recognised” clearing systems for these 
purposes is included in Irish tax legislation and this list includes the Depositary Trust Company 
of New York. 
Irish encashment tax may apply where a collecting agent in Ireland obtains payment of interest 
(whether in Ireland or elsewhere) on Listed Notes. In these circumstances, the collecting agent 
may be required to deduct Irish encashment tax from such interest or realisation proceeds at the 
rate of 25 per cent. An exemption from this Irish encashment tax is available if the holder is not 
tax resident in Ireland and has provided a declaration in the prescribed form to the collecting 
agent. An exemption also applies where the payment is made to a company and that company is 
beneficially entitled to the income and is or will be within the charge to Irish corporation tax in 
respect of the income. Therefore, holders should note that, if they appoint an Irish collecting agent

--- Page 110 ---
107 
in respect of their Listed Notes, it may result in Irish encashment tax being deducted by their 
collecting agent from payments made in respect of their Listed Notes. 
1.1.2 
Unlisted Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes which are not quoted on Euronext Dublin (or another “recognised” 
stock exchange). Payments in respect of such Notes may be made without any deduction of Irish 
tax by the Issuer, provided one of the following exemptions from each of Irish interest 
withholding tax and Irish encashment tax is available: 
(a) 
no Irish interest withholding tax will be deducted by the Issuer on payments in respect of 
such Notes, if one of the following applies: 
(i) 
the Notes qualify for the “commercial paper” exemption (see below); or 
(ii) 
interest on the Notes is not “yearly interest” (generally, interest on Notes would not 
be considered to be “yearly interest” if the Notes had a maturity of 364 days or less 
and there was no intention to extend the maturity of the Notes beyond 364 days); 
and 
(b) 
no Irish encashment tax will be deducted, provided the Notes are not quoted on any 
“recognised” stock exchange (see above). 
Other exemptions from Irish withholding tax may also be available in certain circumstances. For 
example, an exemption is available from Irish interest withholding tax where the holder of Notes 
is a company resident in an EU jurisdiction (other than Ireland) or in a jurisdiction with which 
Ireland has a double tax treaty, provided a number of conditions are satisfied. The terms of a 
double tax treaty may also provide relief from Irish withholding tax. 
1.1.3 
What is the “commercial paper” exemption? 
As described above, one of the exemptions from Irish interest withholding tax is the “commercial 
paper” exemption. Notes will qualify as “commercial paper” if the relevant Notes mature within 
two years, recognise an obligation to pay a stated amount and carry a right to interest or are issued 
at a discount or at a premium. 
Where Notes qualify as “commercial paper”, an exemption from Irish interest withholding tax 
will be available on payments of interest in respect of such Notes where the Notes have a 
denomination of not less than €500,000 (or its currency equivalent) or U.S.$500,000 and the 
Notes are held in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (or another recognised clearing 
system). 
Other exemptions for “commercial paper” may be available where holders of Notes provide 
certain specified information or declarations to the Issuer. 
1.2 
Taxation of Noteholders 
1.2.1 
Noteholders resident in Ireland 
Generally, if holders are tax resident in Ireland, they will be subject to Irish tax on their worldwide 
income, including their return on the Notes. They will be obliged to account for any Irish tax on 
a self-assessment basis. There is no requirement for the Revenue Commissioners to issue or raise 
an assessment on them.

--- Page 111 ---
108 
1.2.2 
Noteholders not resident in Ireland 
If holders are not tax resident in Ireland, they will generally only be subject to Irish tax on their 
Irish source income (on a self-assessment basis). A corporate recipient that carries on a trade in 
Ireland through a branch or agency in respect of which the Notes are held or attributed may have 
a liability to Irish corporation tax on the interest. 
Interest payable on the Notes may be regarded as Irish source income, as the Issuer is resident in 
Ireland. 
However, where the Notes are Listed Notes (and continue to be held in Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg) or the “commercial paper” exemption (see above) applies, a holder 
should nevertheless be exempt from Irish income tax on interest paid on the Notes if it is: 
(a) 
a person (including a company) who is not tax resident in Ireland and is regarded (for the 
purposes of section 198 of the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997 of Ireland) as being a resident 
of a EU member state (other than Ireland) or a territory with which Ireland has a double 
tax treaty that has the force of law; 
(b) 
a company which is under the control (whether directly or indirectly) of a person or 
persons who, by virtue of the laws of a “relevant territory”, is or are tax resident in the 
“relevant territory” and who is or are (as the case may be) not under the control (whether 
directly or indirectly) of a person, or persons who are, not so resident. A “relevant 
territory” for these purposes means (i) a member state of the EU (other than Ireland), (ii) a 
territory with which Ireland has a double tax treaty that has the force of law or (iii) a 
territory with which Ireland has signed a double tax treaty, which has yet to have the force 
of law; or 
(c) 
a company the principal class of shares of which, or: 
(i) 
where the company is a 75 per cent. subsidiary of another company, of that other 
company; or 
(ii) 
where the company is wholly-owned by two or more companies, of each of those 
companies, 
is substantially and regularly traded on a stock exchange in Ireland, or on one or more 
recognised stock exchanges in a “relevant territory” (see just above) or on such other stock 
exchange as may be approved of by the Minister for Finance of Ireland for these purposes. 
If the Notes are neither Listed Notes nor Notes to which the “commercial paper” exemption (see 
above) applies, a holder should nevertheless be exempt from Irish income tax on interest paid on 
the Notes if the interest is paid by the Issuer in the ordinary course of its trade or business and it 
is: 
(a) 
a company which is not tax resident in Ireland and which is regarded (for the purposes of 
section 198 of the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997 of Ireland) as being a resident of a EU 
member state (other than Ireland) or a territory with which Ireland has a double tax treaty 
that has the force of law provided, in either case, that the relevant territory imposes a tax 
that generally applies to interest receivable in that territory by companies from sources 
outside that territory; or 
(b) 
a company and the interest paid on the Notes is exempted from the charge to Irish income 
tax under a double tax treaty in force on the date the interest is paid, or would be exempted

--- Page 112 ---
109 
from the charge to Irish income tax if a double tax treaty which has been signed but is not 
yet in force had the force of law on the date the interest is paid. 
If a holder earns a discount on Notes, it will not be chargeable to Irish income tax on such discount 
if the Notes were issued by the Issuer in the ordinary course of its trade or business and it is a 
person (including a company) who is not tax resident in Ireland and who is regarded (for the 
purposes of section 198 of the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997 of Ireland) as being a resident of a 
EU member state (other than Ireland) or a territory with which Ireland has a double tax treaty that 
has the force of law. 
If the above exemptions do not apply, and the terms of a double tax treaty do not fully relieve Irish 
income tax payable on income earned on the Notes, the terms of a double tax treaty may provide for 
relief for Irish income tax paid, against a foreign tax liability arising on the same income.  
1.3 
Irish capital gains tax 
If a holder is a tax resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland, it may be subject to Irish tax on capital gains 
(currently 33 per cent.) on gains arising on a disposal of Notes. 
If a holder is not tax resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland, it should not be subject to Irish tax on 
capital gains arising on a disposal of the Notes, provided the Notes are or were not held for the use of or 
for the purposes of an Irish branch or agency. 
1.4 
Irish capital acquisitions tax 
Irish capital acquisitions tax applies to gifts and inheritances. The rate of capital acquisitions tax is 
currently 33 per cent. A gift or inheritance of the Notes may be subject to capital acquisition tax if: 
(a) 
the disponer is tax resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland (or, in the case of value settled in a 
discretionary trust established before 1 December 1999, was then or later became domiciled in 
Ireland) on the relevant date; 
(b) 
the donee (or successor) is tax resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland on the relevant date; or 
(c) 
the Notes are regarded as property situated in Ireland. 
1.5 
Irish stamp duty 
The issue of Notes will not give rise to a charge to Irish stamp duty. 
The transfer of interests in the Notes may, in certain circumstances, result in a charge to Irish stamp duty. 
However, a transfer of the Notes by physical delivery only (and not otherwise) should not give rise to a 
charge to Irish stamp duty. 
A transfer of Notes satisfying the terms of the loan capital exemption will be exempt from stamp duty. 
There are four conditions that must be satisfied to avail of this exemption:  
(a) 
the Notes must not carry a right of conversion into shares or marketable securities (other than 
loan capital) of an Irish incorporated company or into loan capital having such a right; 
(b) 
the Notes must not carry rights similar to those attaching to shares, including voting rights, 
entitlement to a share of profits or a share in surplus on liquidation of the Issuer; 
(c) 
the Notes must be issued for a price which is not less than 90 per cent. of the nominal value of 
the Notes; and

--- Page 113 ---
110 
(d) 
the Notes must not carry a right to a sum in respect of repayment or interest which is related to 
certain movements in an index or indices (based wholly or partly and directly or indirectly on 
stocks or marketable securities) specified in any document relating to the Notes. 
2 
Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations  
The following is a summary of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and 
disposition of Notes by a U.S. Holder (as defined below). This summary does not address the material U.S. 
federal income tax consequences of every type of Note which may be issued under the Programme and the 
relevant Final Terms may contain additional or modified disclosure concerning the material U.S. federal income 
tax consequences relevant to such type of Note as appropriate. This summary deals only with initial purchasers 
of Notes at their initial offering price that are U.S. Holders and that will hold the Notes as capital assets. The 
discussion does not cover all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be relevant to, or the actual tax 
effect that any of the matters described herein will have on, the acquisition, ownership or disposition of Notes 
by particular investors (including consequences under the alternative minimum tax or net investment income 
tax), and does not address state, local, non-U.S. or other tax laws (such as the estate and gift tax laws). This 
summary also does not discuss all of the tax considerations that may be relevant to certain types of investors 
subject to special treatment under the U.S. federal income tax laws (such as financial institutions, insurance 
companies, individual retirement accounts and other tax-deferred accounts, tax-exempt organisations, dealers 
in securities or currencies, investors that will hold the Notes as part of straddles, hedging transactions or 
conversion transactions for U.S. federal income tax purposes, persons that have ceased to be U.S. citizens or 
lawful permanent residents of the United States, investors holding the Notes in connection with a trade or 
business conducted outside of the United States, U.S. citizens or lawful permanent residents living abroad, U.S. 
investors that are required to take certain amounts into income no later than the time such amounts are reflected 
on an applicable financial statement, or investors whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar). Moreover, 
the summary deals only with Notes with a term of 30 years or less. The U.S. federal income tax consequences 
of owning Notes with a longer term will be discussed in the relevant Final Terms. 
As used herein, the term “U.S. Holder” means a beneficial owner of Notes that is, for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, (i) an individual citizen or resident of the United States; (ii) a corporation created or organised under 
the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia; (iii) an estate the income of which 
is subject to U.S. federal income tax without regard to its source; or (iv) a trust if a court within the United 
States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more U.S. persons 
have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust, or the trust has validly elected to be treated as 
a domestic trust for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
The U.S. federal income tax treatment of a partner in an entity or arrangement treated as a partnership for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes that holds Notes will depend on the status of the partner and the activities of the 
partnership. Prospective purchasers that are entities or arrangements treated as partnerships for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes should consult their tax adviser concerning the U.S. federal income tax consequences to 
them and their partners of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of Notes by the partnership. 
This summary is based on the tax laws of the United States including the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (the “Code”), its legislative history, existing and proposed regulations thereunder, published rulings 
and court decisions, all as of the date hereof and all subject to change at any time, possibly with retroactive 
effect. 
THE SUMMARY OF U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES SET OUT BELOW IS FOR 
GENERAL INFORMATION ONLY. IT IS NOT INTENDED TO BE RELIED UPON BY 
PURCHASERS FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING PENALTIES THAT MAY BE IMPOSED 
UNDER THE CODE. ALL PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR TAX

--- Page 114 ---
111 
ADVISERS AS TO THE PARTICULAR TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF OWNING THE 
NOTES, INCLUDING THE APPLICABILITY AND EFFECT OF STATE, LOCAL, FOREIGN AND 
OTHER TAX LAWS AND POSSIBLE CHANGES IN TAX LAW. 
2.1 
Payments of Interest 
2.1.1 
General 
Interest on a Note, whether payable in U.S. dollars or a currency other than U.S. dollars (a 
“foreign currency”), other than interest on a “Discount Note” that is not “qualified stated interest” 
(each as defined below under “—Original Issue Discount—General”), generally will be taxable 
to a U.S. Holder as ordinary income at the time it is received or accrued, depending on such 
holder’s method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes, reduced by the allocable 
amount of amortisable bond premium, subject to the discussion below. Interest paid by the Issuer 
on the Notes and original issue discount (“OID”), if any, accrued with respect to the Notes (as 
described below under “—Original Issue Discount”) generally will constitute income from 
sources outside the United States. 
2.1.2 
Effect of Irish Withholding Taxes 
As discussed in “Taxation—Irish Taxation—Withholding tax”, under current law payments of 
interest and OID on the Notes to foreign investors may be subject to Irish withholding taxes. As 
discussed under “Description of the Notes—Payment of Additional Amounts”, the Issuer may be 
liable for the payment of additional amounts to U.S. Holders so that U.S. Holders receive the 
same amounts they would have received had no Irish withholding taxes been imposed. For U.S. 
federal income tax purposes, U.S. Holders will be treated as having actually received the amount 
of any Irish taxes withheld by the Issuer with respect to a Note, and as then having actually paid 
over the withheld taxes to the Irish taxing authorities. As a result, the amount of interest income 
included in gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes by a U.S. Holder with respect to 
a payment of interest or OID may be greater than the amount of cash actually received (or 
receivable) by the U.S. Holder from the Issuer with respect to the payment. 
The rules applicable for determining whether non-U.S. taxes are creditable or deductible were 
changed and expanded under recently issued U.S. Treasury regulations. A U.S. Holder may be 
entitled to a credit against its U.S. federal income tax liability, or may be entitled to a deduction 
in computing its U.S. federal taxable income, for Irish income taxes withheld by the Issuer. 
Interest generally will constitute “passive category income” for purposes of the foreign tax credit. 
The rules governing foreign tax credits are complex. Prospective purchasers should consult their 
tax advisers concerning the foreign tax credit implications of Irish withholding taxes. 
2.1.3 
Pre-Issuance Accrued Interest 
If a portion of the price paid for a Note is attributable to an amount of interest accrued prior to 
the date the Note is issued (the “pre-issuance accrued interest”), a portion of the first interest 
payment on the Note equal to the amount of the pre-issuance accrued interest may be treated as 
a non-taxable return of the pre-issuance accrued interest. This discussion assumes that the first 
interest payment on Notes with pre-issuance accrued interest will be so treated, and references to 
interest in the remainder of this discussion exclude pre-issuance accrued interest. This discussion 
assumes that in determining the issue price of a Note, there will be excluded an amount equal to 
the pre-issuance accrued interest. Pre-issuance accrued interest not included in income should not 
form part of any amortisable bond premium (as described below under “Original Issue Discount 
– Notes Purchased at a Premium”). A U.S. Holder’s tax basis in a Note will be reduced by any 
non-taxable return of pre-issuance accrued interest. This discussion does not otherwise address

--- Page 115 ---
112 
the treatment of pre-issuance accrued interest, and U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers 
concerning the U.S. federal income tax treatment of pre-issuance accrued interest. 
2.2 
Original Issue Discount 
2.2.1 
General 
The following is a summary of the principal U.S. federal income tax consequences of the 
ownership of Notes issued with OID. The following summary does not discuss Notes that are 
characterised as contingent payment debt instruments for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In 
the event the Issuer issues contingent payment debt instruments the relevant Final Terms may 
describe the material U.S. federal income tax consequences thereof. 
A Note, other than a Note with a term of one year or less (a “Short-Term Note”), will be treated 
as issued with OID (a “Discount Note”) if the excess of the Note’s “stated redemption price at 
maturity” over its issue price is equal to or more than a de minimis amount (0.25 per cent. of the 
Note’s stated redemption price at maturity multiplied by the number of complete years to its 
maturity). An obligation that provides for the payment of amounts other than qualified stated 
interest before maturity (an “instalment obligation”) will be treated as a Discount Note if the 
excess of the Note’s stated redemption price at maturity over its issue price is equal to or greater 
than 0.25 per cent. of the Note’s stated redemption price at maturity multiplied by the weighted 
average maturity of the Note. A Note’s weighted average maturity is the sum of the following 
amounts determined for each payment on a Note (other than a payment of qualified stated 
interest): (i) the number of complete years from the issue date until the payment is made 
multiplied by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the amount of the payment and the 
denominator of which is the Note’s stated redemption price at maturity. Generally, the issue price 
of a Note will be the first price at which a substantial amount of Notes included in the issue of 
which the Note is a part is sold to persons other than bond houses, brokers or similar persons or 
organisations acting in the capacity of underwriters, placement agents, or wholesalers. The stated 
redemption price at maturity of a Note is the total of all payments provided by the Note that are 
not payments of “qualified stated interest”. A qualified stated interest payment generally is any 
one of a series of stated interest payments on a Note that are unconditionally payable at least 
annually at a single fixed rate (with certain exceptions for lower rates paid during some periods), 
or a variable rate (in the circumstances described below under “—Variable Interest Rate Notes”), 
applied to the outstanding principal amount of the Note. Solely for the purposes of determining 
whether a Note has OID, the Issuer will be deemed to exercise any call option that has the effect 
of decreasing the yield on the Note, and the U.S. Holder will be deemed to exercise any put option 
that has the effect of increasing the yield on the Note. If it was deemed that any call or put option 
would be exercised but was not in fact exercised, the Note would be treated solely for the purpose 
of calculating OID as if it were redeemed, and a new Note were issued, on the presumed exercise 
date for an amount equal to the Note’s adjusted issue price on that date. 
U.S. Holders of Discount Notes must include OID in income calculated on a constant-yield 
method before the receipt of cash attributable to the income, and generally will have to include 
in income increasingly greater amounts of OID over the life of the Discount Notes. The amount 
of OID includible in income by a U.S. Holder of a Discount Note is the sum of the daily portions 
of OID with respect to the Discount Note for each day during the taxable year or portion of the 
taxable year on which the U.S. Holder holds the Discount Note. The daily portion is determined 
by allocating to each day in any “accrual period” a pro rata portion of the OID allocable to that 
accrual period. Accrual periods with respect to a Note may be of any length selected by the U.S. 
Holder and may vary in length over the term of the Note as long as (i) no accrual period is longer

--- Page 116 ---
113 
than one year, and (ii) each scheduled payment of interest or principal on the Note occurs on 
either the final or first day of an accrual period. The amount of OID allocable to an accrual period 
equals the excess of (a) the product of the Discount Note’s adjusted issue price at the beginning 
of the accrual period and the Discount Note’s yield to maturity (determined on the basis of 
compounding at the close of each accrual period and properly adjusted for the length of the 
accrual period) over (b) the amount of the payments of qualified stated interest on the Note 
allocable to the accrual period. The “adjusted issue price” of a Discount Note at the beginning of 
any accrual period is the issue price of the Note increased by (x) the amount of accrued OID for 
each prior accrual period and decreased by (y) the amount of any payments previously made on 
the Note that were not qualified stated interest payments. 
2.2.2 
Acquisition Premium 
A U.S. Holder that purchases a Discount Note for an amount less than or equal to the sum of all 
amounts payable on the Note after the purchase date, other than payments of qualified stated 
interest, but in excess of its adjusted issue price (any such excess being “acquisition premium”) 
and that does not make the election described below under “—Election to Treat All Interest as 
Original Issue Discount”, is permitted to reduce the daily portions of OID by a fraction, the 
numerator of which is the excess of the U.S. Holder’s adjusted basis in the Note immediately 
after its purchase over the Note’s adjusted issue price, and the denominator of which is the excess 
of the sum of all amounts payable on the Note after the purchase date, other than payments of 
qualified stated interest, over the Note’s adjusted issue price.  
2.2.3 
Short-Term Notes 
In general, an individual or other cash basis U.S. Holder of a Short-Term Note is not required to 
accrue OID (as specially defined below for the purposes of this paragraph) for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes unless it elects to do so (but may be required to include any stated interest 
in income as the interest is received). Accrual basis U.S. Holders and certain other U.S. Holders 
are required to accrue OID on Short-Term Notes on a straight-line basis or, if the U.S. Holder so 
elects, under the constant-yield method (based on daily compounding). In the case of a U.S. 
Holder not required and not electing to include OID in income currently, any gain realised on the 
sale or retirement of the Short-Term Note will be ordinary income to the extent of the OID accrued 
on a straight-line basis (unless an election is made to accrue the OID under the constant-yield 
method) through the date of sale or retirement. U.S. Holders who are not required and do not 
elect to accrue OID on Short-Term Notes will be required to defer deductions for interest on 
borrowings allocable to Short-Term Notes in an amount not exceeding the deferred income until 
the deferred income is realised.  
For purposes of determining the amount of OID subject to these rules, all interest payments on a 
Short-Term Note are included in the Short-Term Note’s stated redemption price at maturity. A 
U.S. Holder may elect to determine OID on a Short-Term Note as if the Short-Term Note had 
been originally issued to the U.S. Holder at the U.S. Holder’s purchase price for the Short-Term 
Note. This election will apply to all obligations with a maturity of one year or less acquired by 
the U.S. Holder on or after the first day of the first taxable year to which the election applies and 
may not be revoked without the consent of the Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”). 
2.2.4 
Fungible Issue  
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders of outstanding Notes, issue additional 
Notes with identical terms. These additional Notes, even if they are treated for non-tax purposes 
as part of the same series as the original Notes, in some cases may be treated as a separate series 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In such a case, the additional Notes may be considered to

--- Page 117 ---
114 
have been issued with OID even if the original Notes had no OID, or the additional Notes may 
have a greater amount of OID than the original Notes. These differences may affect the market 
value of the original Notes if the additional Notes are not otherwise distinguishable from the 
original Notes. 
2.2.5 
Market Discount 
A Note, other than a Short-Term Note, generally will be treated as purchased at a market discount 
(a “Market Discount Note”) if the Note’s stated redemption price at maturity or, in the case of a 
Discount Note, the Note’s “revised issue price”, exceeds the amount for which the U.S. Holder 
purchased the Note by at least 0.25 per cent. of the Note’s stated redemption price at maturity or 
revised issue price, respectively, multiplied by the number of complete years to the Note’s 
maturity (or, in the case of a Note that is an instalment obligation, the Note’s weighted average 
maturity). If this excess is not sufficient to cause the Note to be a Market Discount Note, then the 
excess constitutes “de minimis market discount”. For this purpose, the “revised issue price” of a 
Note generally equals its issue price, increased by the amount of any OID that has accrued on the 
Note and decreased by the amount of any payments previously made on the Note that were not 
qualified stated interest payments. Additionally, for this purpose the “stated redemption price at 
maturity” (as defined above) is decreased by the amount of any payments previously made on 
the Note that were not qualified stated interest payments. 
Any gain recognised on the sale or retirement of a Market Discount Note (including any payment 
on a Note that is not qualified stated interest) generally will be treated as ordinary income to the 
extent of the accrued market discount on the Note. Alternatively, a U.S. Holder of a Market 
Discount Note may avoid such treatment by electing to include market discount in income 
currently over the life of the Note. This election applies to all debt instruments with market 
discount acquired by the electing U.S. Holder on or after the first day of the first taxable year for 
which the election is made. This election may not be revoked without the consent of the IRS. 
A U.S. Holder of a Market Discount Note that does not elect to include market discount in income 
currently may be required to defer deductions for interest on borrowings incurred to purchase or 
carry a Market Discount Note. Such interest is deductible when paid or incurred to the extent of 
income from the Note for the year. If the interest expense exceeds such income, such excess is 
currently deductible only to the extent that such excess exceeds the portion of the market discount 
allocable to the days during the taxable year on which such Note was held by the U.S. Holder. 
Market discount will accrue on a straight-line basis unless the U.S. Holder elects to accrue the 
market discount on a constant-yield method. This election applies only to the Market Discount 
Note with respect to which it is made and is irrevocable. 
2.2.6 
Variable Interest Rate Notes 
Notes that provide for interest at variable rates (“Variable Interest Rate Notes”) generally will 
bear interest at a “qualified floating rate” and thus will be treated as “variable rate debt 
instruments” under Treasury regulations governing accrual of OID. A Variable Interest Rate Note 
will qualify as a “variable rate debt instrument” if (a) its issue price does not exceed the total 
noncontingent principal payments due under the Variable Interest Rate Note by more than a 
specified de minimis amount, (b) it provides for stated interest, paid or compounded at least 
annually, at (i) one or more qualified floating rates, (ii) a single fixed rate and one or more 
qualified floating rates, (iii) a single objective rate or (iv) a single fixed rate and a single objective 
rate that is a qualified inverse floating rate and (c) it does not provide for any principal payments 
that are contingent (other than as described in (a) above).

--- Page 118 ---
115 
A “qualified floating rate” is any variable rate where variations in the value of the rate can 
reasonably be expected to measure contemporaneous variations in the cost of newly borrowed 
funds in the currency in which the Variable Interest Rate Note is denominated. A fixed multiple 
of a qualified floating rate will constitute a qualified floating rate only if the multiple is greater 
than 0.65 but not more than 1.35. A variable rate equal to the product of a qualified floating rate 
and a fixed multiple that is greater than 0.65, but not more than 1.35, increased or decreased by 
a fixed rate, will also constitute a qualified floating rate. In addition, two or more qualified 
floating rates that can reasonably be expected to have approximately the same values throughout 
the term of the Variable Interest Rate Note (e.g., two or more qualified floating rates with values 
within 25 basis points of each other as determined on the Variable Interest Rate Note’s issue date) 
will be treated as a single qualified floating rate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a variable rate 
that would otherwise constitute a qualified floating rate but which is subject to one or more 
restrictions such as a maximum numerical limitation (i.e., a cap) or a minimum numerical 
limitation (i.e., a floor) may, under certain circumstances, fail to be treated as a qualified floating 
rate. 
Under recently finalized U.S. Treasury regulations, Notes referencing an IBOR that are treated 
as having a qualified floating rate for purposes of the above will not fail to be so treated merely 
because the terms of the Notes provide for a replacement of the IBOR in the case of a Benchmark 
Event. In particular, under the regulations, the IBOR referencing rate and the replacement rate 
are treated as a single qualified rate. 
An “objective rate” is a rate that is not itself a qualified floating rate but which is determined 
using a single fixed formula and which is based on objective financial or economic information 
(e.g., one or more qualified floating rates or the yield of actively traded personal property). A rate 
will not qualify as an objective rate if it is based on information that is within the control of the 
Issuer (or a related party) or that is unique to the circumstances of the Issuer (or a related party), 
such as dividends, profits or the value of the Issuer’s stock (although a rate does not fail to be an 
objective rate merely because it is based on the credit quality of the Issuer). Other variable interest 
rates may be treated as objective rates if so designated by the IRS in the future. Despite the 
foregoing, a variable rate of interest on a Variable Interest Rate Note will not constitute an 
objective rate if it is reasonably expected that the average value of the rate during the first half of 
the Variable Interest Rate Note’s term will be either significantly less than or significantly greater 
than the average value of the rate during the final half of the Variable Interest Rate Note’s term. 
A “qualified inverse floating rate” is any objective rate where the rate is equal to a fixed rate 
minus a qualified floating rate, as long as variations in the rate can reasonably be expected to 
inversely reflect contemporaneous variations in the qualified floating rate. If a Variable Interest 
Rate Note provides for stated interest at a fixed rate for an initial period of one year or less 
followed by a variable rate that is either a qualified floating rate or an objective rate for a 
subsequent period and if the variable rate on the Variable Interest Rate Note’s issue date is 
intended to approximate the fixed rate (e.g., the value of the variable rate on the issue date does 
not differ from the value of the fixed rate by more than 25 basis points), then the fixed rate and 
the variable rate together will constitute either a single qualified floating rate or objective rate, as 
the case may be. 
A qualified floating rate or objective rate in effect at any time during the term of the instrument 
must be set at a “current value” of that rate. A “current value” of a rate is the value of the rate on 
any day that is no earlier than 3 months prior to the first day on which that value is in effect and 
no later than 1 year following that first day.

--- Page 119 ---
116 
If a Variable Interest Rate Note that provides for stated interest at either a single qualified floating 
rate or a single objective rate throughout the term thereof qualifies as a “variable rate debt 
instrument”, then any stated interest on the Note which is unconditionally payable in cash or 
property (other than debt instruments of the Issuer) at least annually will constitute qualified 
stated interest and will be taxed accordingly. Thus, a Variable Interest Rate Note that provides for 
stated interest at either a single qualified floating rate or a single objective rate throughout the 
term thereof and that qualifies as a “variable rate debt instrument” generally will not be treated 
as having been issued with OID unless the Variable Interest Rate Note is issued at a “true” 
discount (i.e., at a price below the Note’s stated principal amount) in excess of a specified de 
minimis amount. OID on a Variable Interest Rate Note arising from “true” discount is allocated 
to an accrual period using the constant yield method described above by assuming that the 
variable rate is a fixed rate equal to (i) in the case of a qualified floating rate or qualified inverse 
floating rate, the value, as of the issue date, of the qualified floating rate or qualified inverse 
floating rate; or (ii) in the case of an objective rate (other than a qualified inverse floating rate), a 
fixed rate that reflects the yield that is reasonably expected for the Variable Interest Rate Note. 
In general, any other Variable Interest Rate Note that qualifies as a “variable rate debt instrument” 
will be converted into an “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument for purposes of determining the 
amount and accrual of OID and qualified stated interest on the Variable Interest Rate Note. Such 
a Variable Interest Rate Note must be converted into an “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument 
by substituting any qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate provided for under the 
terms of the Variable Interest Rate Note with a fixed rate equal to the value of the qualified 
floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate, as the case may be, as of the Variable Interest Rate 
Note’s issue date. Any objective rate (other than a qualified inverse floating rate) provided for 
under the terms of the Variable Interest Rate Note is converted into a fixed rate that reflects the 
yield that is reasonably expected for the Variable Interest Rate Note. In the case of a Variable 
Interest Rate Note that qualifies as a “variable rate debt instrument” and provides for stated 
interest at a fixed rate in addition to either one or more qualified floating rates or a qualified 
inverse floating rate, the fixed rate is initially converted into a qualified floating rate (or a 
qualified inverse floating rate, if the Variable Interest Rate Note provides for a qualified inverse 
floating rate). Under these circumstances, the qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating 
rate that replaces the fixed rate must be such that the fair market value of the Variable Interest 
Rate Note as of the Variable Interest Rate Note’s issue date is approximately the same as the fair 
market value of an otherwise identical debt instrument that provides for either the qualified 
floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate rather than the fixed rate. Subsequent to converting 
the fixed rate into either a qualified floating rate or a qualified inverse floating rate, the Variable 
Interest Rate Note is converted into an “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument in the manner 
described above. 
Once the Variable Interest Rate Note is converted into an “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument 
pursuant to the foregoing rules, the amount of OID and qualified stated interest, if any, are 
determined for the “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument by applying the general OID rules to 
the “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument and a U.S. Holder of the Variable Interest Rate Note 
will account for the OID and qualified stated interest as if the U.S. Holder held the “equivalent” 
fixed rate debt instrument. In each accrual period, appropriate adjustments will be made to the 
amount of qualified stated interest or OID assumed to have been accrued or paid with respect to 
the “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument in the event that these amounts differ from the actual 
amount of interest accrued or paid on the Variable Interest Rate Note during the accrual period.

--- Page 120 ---
117 
If a Variable Interest Rate Note, such as a Note the payments on which are determined by 
reference to an index, does not qualify as a “variable rate debt instrument”, then the Variable 
Interest Rate Note will be treated as a contingent payment debt obligation. The proper U.S. federal 
income tax treatment of Variable Interest Rate Notes that are treated as contingent payment debt 
obligations will be more fully described in the relevant Final Terms. 
2.2.7 
Notes Purchased at a Premium 
A U.S. Holder that purchases a Note for an amount in excess of its principal amount, or for a 
Discount Note, its stated redemption price at maturity, may elect to treat the excess as 
“amortisable bond premium”, in which case the amount required to be included in the U.S. 
Holder’s income each year with respect to interest on the Note will be reduced by the amount of 
amortisable bond premium allocable (based on the Note’s yield to maturity) to that year. Special 
rules may limit the amortisation of bond premium with respect to Notes subject to early 
redemption. 
Any election to amortise bond premium will apply to all bonds (other than bonds the interest on 
which is excludable from gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes) held by the U.S. 
Holder at the beginning of the first taxable year to which the election applies or thereafter 
acquired by the U.S. Holder, and is irrevocable without the consent of the IRS. See also “—
Original Issue Discount—Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue Discount”. 
2.2.8 
Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue Discount 
A U.S. Holder may elect to include in gross income all interest that accrues on a Note using the 
constant-yield method described above under “—Original Issue Discount—General,” with 
certain modifications. For purposes of this election, interest includes stated interest, OID, de 
minimis OID, market discount, de minimis market discount and unstated interest, as adjusted by 
any amortisable bond premium (described above under “—Notes Purchased at a Premium”) or 
acquisition premium. This election generally will apply only to the Note with respect to which it 
is made and may not be revoked without the consent of the IRS. If the election to apply the 
constant-yield method to all interest on a Note is made with respect to a Market Discount Note, 
the electing U.S. Holder will be treated as having made the election discussed above under “—
Market Discount” to include market discount in income currently over the life of all debt 
instruments having market discount that are acquired on or after the first day of the first taxable 
year to which the election applies. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers concerning the 
propriety and consequences of this election. 
2.3 
Substitution of Issuer 
The terms of the Notes provide that, in certain circumstances, the obligations of the Issuer under the 
Notes may be assumed by another entity. Any such assumption might be treated for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes as a deemed disposition of Notes by a U.S. Holder in exchange for new notes issued by the 
new obligor. As a result of this deemed disposition, a U.S. Holder could be required to recognise capital 
gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes equal to the difference, if any, between the issue price 
of the new notes (as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes), and the U.S. Holder’s tax basis 
in the Notes. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers concerning the U.S. federal income tax 
consequences to them of a change in obligor with respect to the Notes. 
2.4 
Sale and Retirement of Notes 
A U.S. Holder generally will recognise gain or loss on the sale or retirement of a Note equal to the 
difference between the amount realised on the sale or retirement and the U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis 
of the Note. A U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in a Note generally will be its cost, increased by the

--- Page 121 ---
118 
amount of any OID or market discount included in the U.S. Holder’s income with respect to the Note 
and the amount, if any, of income attributable to de minimis OID and de minimis market discount 
included in the U.S. Holder’s income with respect to the Note, and reduced by (i) the amount of any 
payments that are not qualified stated interest payments, and (ii) the amount of any amortisable bond 
premium applied to reduce interest on the Note. The amount realised does not include the amount 
attributable to accrued but unpaid interest, which will be taxable as interest income to the extent not 
previously included in income. Except to the extent described above under “—Original Issue Discount—
Market Discount” or “—Original Issue Discount—Short-Term Notes” or attributable to changes in 
exchange rates (as discussed below), gain or loss recognised on the sale or retirement of a Note will be 
capital gain or loss and will be long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. Holder’s holding period in the 
Notes exceeds one year.  
Gain or loss realised by a U.S. Holder on the sale or retirement of a Note generally will be U.S. source. 
Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisers as to the foreign tax credit implications of the 
sale or retirement of Notes. 
2.5 
Foreign Currency Notes 
2.5.1 
Interest 
If an interest payment is denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency, the 
amount of income recognised by a cash basis U.S. Holder will be the U.S. dollar value of the 
interest payment, based on the exchange rate in effect on the date of receipt, regardless of whether 
the payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars.  
An accrual basis U.S. Holder may determine the amount of income recognised with respect to an 
interest payment denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency in accordance 
with either of two methods. Under the first method, the amount of income accrued will be based 
on the average exchange rate in effect during the interest accrual period (or, in the case of an 
accrual period that spans two taxable years of a U.S. Holder, the part of the period within the 
taxable year).  
Under the second method, the U.S. Holder may elect to determine the amount of income accrued 
on the basis of the exchange rate in effect on the last day of the accrual period (or, in the case of 
an accrual period that spans two taxable years, the exchange rate in effect on the last day of the 
part of the period within the taxable year). Additionally, if a payment of interest is actually 
received within five business days of the last day of the accrual period, an electing accrual basis 
U.S. Holder may instead translate the accrued interest into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate in 
effect on the day of actual receipt. Any such election will apply to all debt instruments held by 
the U.S. Holder at the beginning of the first taxable year to which the election applies or thereafter 
acquired by the U.S. Holder, and will be irrevocable without the consent of the IRS.  
Upon receipt of an interest payment (including a payment attributable to accrued but unpaid 
interest upon the sale or retirement of a Note) denominated in, or determined by reference to, a 
foreign currency, the accrual basis U.S. Holder may recognise U.S. source exchange gain or loss 
(taxable as ordinary income or loss) equal to the difference between the amount received 
(translated into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the date of receipt) and the amount previously 
accrued, regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars. 
2.5.2 
OID 
OID for each accrual period on a Discount Note that is denominated in, or determined by 
reference to, a foreign currency, will be determined in the foreign currency and then translated

--- Page 122 ---
119 
into U.S. dollars in the same manner as stated interest accrued by an accrual basis U.S. Holder, 
as described above. Upon receipt of an amount attributable to OID (whether in connection with 
a payment on the Note or a sale or disposition of the Note), a U.S. Holder may recognise U.S. 
source exchange gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income or loss) equal to the difference between 
the amount received (translated into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the date of receipt) and the 
amount previously accrued, regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted into U.S. 
dollars. 
2.5.3 
Market Discount  
Market discount on a Note that is denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign 
currency, will be accrued in the foreign currency. If the U.S. Holder elects to include market 
discount in income currently, the accrued market discount will be translated into U.S. dollars at 
the average exchange rate for the accrual period (or portion thereof within the U.S. Holder’s 
taxable year). Upon the receipt of an amount attributable to accrued market discount, the U.S. 
Holder may recognise U.S. source exchange gain or loss (which will be taxable as ordinary 
income or loss) determined in the same manner as for accrued interest or OID. A U.S. Holder that 
does not elect to include market discount in income currently will recognise, upon the sale or 
retirement of the Note, the U.S. dollar value of the amount accrued, calculated at the spot rate on 
that date, and no part of this accrued market discount will be treated as exchange gain or loss. 
2.5.4 
Bond Premium 
Bond premium (including acquisition premium) on a Note that is denominated in, or determined 
by reference to, a foreign currency, will be computed in units of the foreign currency, and any 
such bond premium that is taken into account currently will reduce interest income (or OID) in 
units of the foreign currency. On the date bond premium offsets interest income (or OID), a U.S. 
Holder may recognise U.S. source exchange gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income or loss) 
equal to the amount offset multiplied by the difference between the spot rate in effect on the date 
of the offset, and the spot rate in effect on the date the Notes were acquired by the U.S. Holder. 
A U.S. Holder that does not elect to take bond premium (other than acquisition premium) into 
account currently will recognise a market loss when the Note matures. 
2.5.5 
Sale or Retirement 
As discussed above under “—Sale and Retirement of Notes”, a U.S. Holder generally will 
recognise gain or loss on the sale or retirement of a Note equal to the difference between the 
amount realised on the sale or retirement and its tax basis in the Note, in each case as determined 
in U.S. dollars. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers about how to account for proceeds 
received on the sale or retirement of a Note that are not paid in U.S. dollars. 
A U.S. Holder will recognise U.S. source exchange gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income or 
loss) on the sale or retirement of a Note equal to the difference, if any, between the U.S. dollar 
values of the U.S. Holder’s purchase price for the Note (as adjusted for amortized bond premium, 
if any) on (i) the date of sale or retirement, and (ii) the date on which the U.S. Holder acquired 
the Note. Any such exchange rate gain or loss will be realised only to the extent of total gain or 
loss realised on the sale or retirement (including any exchange gain or loss with respect to the 
receipt of accrued but unpaid interest (including OID)). 
2.5.6 
Disposition of Foreign Currency 
Foreign currency received as interest on a Note or on the sale or retirement of a Note will have a 
tax basis equal to its U.S. dollar value at the time the foreign currency is received. Foreign 
currency that is purchased generally will have a tax basis equal to the U.S. dollar value of the

--- Page 123 ---
120 
foreign currency on the date of purchase. Any gain or loss recognised on a sale or other disposition 
of a foreign currency (including its use to purchase Notes or upon exchange for U.S. dollars) will 
be U.S. source ordinary income or loss. 
2.6 
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding  
In general, payments of principal and interest and accruals of OID on, and the proceeds of a sale or 
retirement of, the Notes, by a U.S. (or U.S.-connected) paying agent or other U.S. (or U.S.-connected) 
intermediary will be reported to the IRS and to the U.S. Holder as may be required under applicable 
regulations. Backup withholding will apply to these payments, including payments of accrued OID, if 
the U.S. Holder fails to provide an accurate taxpayer identification number or certification of exempt 
status or otherwise fails to comply with applicable certification requirements. Certain U.S. Holders are 
not subject to backup withholding. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers about these rules and 
any other reporting obligations that may apply to the ownership or disposition of Notes, including 
requirements related to the holding of certain “specified foreign financial assets”. 
2.7 
Reportable Transactions 
A U.S. taxpayer that participates in a “reportable transaction” will be required to disclose its participation 
to the IRS. Under the relevant rules, if the Notes are denominated in a foreign currency, a U.S. Holder 
may be required to treat a foreign currency exchange loss from the Notes as a reportable transaction if 
this loss exceeds the relevant threshold in the regulations (U.S.$50,000 in a single taxable year, if the 
U.S. Holder is an individual or trust, or higher amounts for other non-individual U.S. Holders), and to 
disclose its investment by filing Form 8886 with the IRS. A penalty in the amount of U.S.$10,000 in the 
case of a natural person and U.S.$50,000 in all other cases generally is imposed on any taxpayer that 
fails to timely file an information return with the IRS with respect to a transaction resulting in a loss that 
is treated as a reportable transaction. Prospective purchasers are urged to consult their tax advisers 
regarding the application of these rules.

--- Page 124 ---
121 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
AIB may, from time to time, issue Notes denominated in such currencies as may be agreed with the relevant 
Dealer(s). 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”). Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a “Tranche”) 
on the same or different issue dates. The issue price, issue date, maturity date, principal amount, interest rate (if 
any) applicable to any Notes, ranking and any other relevant provisions of such Notes will be agreed between 
AIB and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of agreement to issue and will be specified in the Final Terms in 
respect of such Notes. In accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, the European Union (Prospectus) 
Regulations 2019 and Central Bank (Investment Market Conduct) Rules 2019, as amended, all Final Terms in 
respect of Listed Notes will be filed with the Central Bank. 
Subject as set out herein, this Base Prospectus and any supplement hereto will only be valid for listing Notes 
up to an aggregate principal amount of U.S.$10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in the other currencies specified 
herein) outstanding at any one time calculated on the basis specified in the Indenture.

--- Page 125 ---
122 
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
This section describes the material terms and provisions of the Notes to which any Final Terms may relate. The 
Issuer will describe in each Final Terms the particular terms of the Notes that the Issuer offers by that Final 
Terms and the extent, if any, to which the general provisions described below may apply to those Notes. 
Capitalized terms used but not defined in this section have the meanings given to them in the Senior Notes, Loss 
Absorption Notes, Subordinated Notes or the Indenture, as the case may be.  
General 
The Issuer will offer the notes under an indenture, dated as at September 1, 2023 and as supplemented and 
amended from time to time (the “Indenture”), between us (the “Issuer”) and BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee 
Services Limited, as trustee (the “Trustee”). The notes are limited to an aggregate principal amount of up to 
U.S.$10,000,000,000 outstanding at any time, including, in the case of notes denominated in one or more other 
currencies or composite currencies, the equivalent thereof at the Market Exchange Rate in the one or more other 
currencies on the date on which such note will be issued (the “Original Issue Date”), subject to reduction by 
or pursuant to action of the Issuer’s Board of Directors, provided that a reduction will not affect any note already 
issued or as to which the Issuer has already accepted an offer to purchase. The Issuer may, however, increase 
these limits without the consent of the Noteholders if in the future the Issuer determines that the Issuer wishes 
to sell additional notes.  
The notes will mature twelve months or more from the date of issue and may be subject to redemption or early 
repayment at the Issuer’s option or the holder’s option as further described in the subsection entitled “—
Redemption, Repurchase, Substitution and Variation.” Each note will be denominated in U.S. dollars or in 
another currency as specified in the applicable Final Terms. For a further discussion, see “—Payment of 
Principal, Premium, if any, and Interest, if any”. Each note will be either:  
 
a Fixed Rate Note; or 
 
a Resettable Note, which will bear interest at a fixed rate for an initial period, after which the interest 
rate will be reset by reference to the interest basis plus or minus the relevant Margin (if any) at specified 
intervals, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or  
 
a Floating Rate Note, which will bear interest at a rate determined by reference to the interest rate basis 
or combination of interest rate bases plus or minus the Margin (if any), in each case as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
 
a Zero Coupon Note, in which case references to interest in these provisions are not applicable; or 
 
any appropriate combination thereof, depending upon the Interest Basis specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Status of Senior Notes 
The Senior Notes constitute direct, unsubordinated, unsecured and unguaranteed obligations of the Issuer and 
shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves. The payment obligations of 
the Issuer under the Senior Notes shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation, 
at all times rank at least equally with all its other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations. 
Status and Subordination of Subordinated Notes 
The Subordinated Notes constitute direct, unsecured and unguaranteed obligations of the Issuer, subordinated 
in the manner set out below and shall at all times rank pari passu without any preference among themselves.

--- Page 126 ---
123 
If a Winding-Up occurs, the rights and claims against the Issuer of the Noteholders (and of the Trustee on their 
behalf) in respect of, or arising under, the Notes or the Indenture (including any damages awarded for breach 
of any obligations) shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation, be subordinated 
as provided in this provision and in the Indenture to the claims of all Senior Creditors but shall rank (i) at least 
pari passu with the claims of holders of all other subordinated obligations of the Issuer which constitute, or 
would but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital constitute, Tier 2 Capital or that rank or 
are expressed to rank pari passu with the Subordinated Notes and (ii) in priority to the claims of holders of all 
obligations of the Issuer which constitute, or would but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such 
capital constitute, Tier 1 Capital and all obligations which rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu therewith 
and to the claims of holders of all classes of share capital of the Issuer. 
The subordination provisions apply to amounts payable under the Subordinated Notes and nothing contained 
therein or in the Indenture shall affect or prejudice any claim by the Trustee against the Issuer in respect of the 
costs, charges, expenses, liabilities or remuneration of the Trustee. 
Waiver of Set-Off 
This provision applies in respect of Senior Notes only if “Waiver of Set-Off” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being applicable. This provision applies to all series of Subordinated Notes. 
Subject to applicable law, no Noteholder may exercise, claim or plead any right of set-off, compensation, netting 
or retention in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer in respect of, arising under, or in connection with 
the Notes or the Indenture and each Noteholder shall, by virtue of being the holder of any such Note, be deemed, 
to the extent permitted under applicable law, to have waived all such rights of set-off, compensation, netting or 
retention. Notwithstanding the provision of the foregoing sentence, if any of the amounts owing to any 
Noteholder by the Issuer in respect of or arising under or in connection with such Notes is discharged by set-
off, such Noteholder shall, subject to applicable law, immediately pay an amount equal to the amount of such 
discharge to the Issuer (or in the event of its winding-up or examinership, the liquidator or, as applicable, 
examiner of the Issuer) and accordingly such discharge will be deemed not to have taken place, and until such 
payment is made shall hold an amount equal thereto in trust for the Issuer (or, as the case may be, the liquidator 
or, as applicable, examiner of the Issuer). 
Certain Definitions  
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or (b) a formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such 
recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate); 
(ii) 
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines is customarily applied to the 
relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets 
transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if the 
Issuer determines that no such spread is customarily applied); 
(iii) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate, is in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets 
for transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Alternative Rate;  
(iv) 
if no such recommendation or option or replacement has been made (or made available), or the Issuer 
determines there is no such spread, formula or methodology in customary market usage, the Issuer,

--- Page 127 ---
124 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines is recognised or acknowledged as 
being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be); or  
(v) 
if the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged, the Issuer, in its 
discretion, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate; 
“Agent” means each Paying Agent and Registrar; 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer, following consultation 
with the Independent Adviser, determines in accordance with provision “—Benchmark Discontinuation—
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate” is customarily applied in international debt capital markets transactions for 
the purposes of determining Rates of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified 
Currency as the Notes; 
“Amortized Face Amount” has the meaning specified in provision “—Redemption, Repurchase, Substitution 
and Variation—Early Redemption Amounts – Zero Coupon Notes”; 
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated in 
the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, the Designated Maturity; 
“Applicable Regulatory Capital Requirements” means, at any time, any requirement contained in the laws, 
regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies of the Relevant Regulator (whether or not having the force 
of law), Ireland or of the European Parliament and Council then in effect relating to capital adequacy and 
prudential (including resolution) supervision and applicable to the Issuer and/or, as applicable, the Group; 
“Authorized Signatory” means any director or any other officer of the Issuer who has been authorised by the 
Issuer to sign the certificates and other documents required or contemplated under these provisions, the 
Indenture and any other transaction document in relation to the Notes on behalf of, and so as to bind, the Issuer; 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in provision “—Benchmark Discontinuation—
Benchmark Amendments”; 
“Benchmark Duration” means the duration specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five Business Days or ceasing 
to exist; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased or that it will 
cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference 
Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a consequence 
of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect 
of the Notes; or

--- Page 128 ---
125 
(v) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that the Original Reference Rate will be (or will be deemed by such supervisor to be) no longer 
representative of its relevant underlying market; or  
(vi) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate, 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-paragraphs (ii) and (iii) 
above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate or the discontinuation of the 
Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, (b) in the case of sub-paragraph (iv) above, on the date of the 
prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate, and (c) in the case of sub-paragraph (v) above, on the date 
with effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant 
supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying market and which is specified in the relevant 
public statement, and in each case, not the date of the relevant public statement; 
“Business Day” means, any day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, that is neither a legal holiday nor a day on 
which commercial banks are authorized or required by law, regulation or executive order to close in New York 
City; provided, however, that “Business Day” shall also be, (i) with respect to a currency other than U.S. dollar 
as Specified Currency, a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in the Principal Financial Center for such currency; and/or (ii) with respect 
to euro as the Specified Currency or EURIBOR as an applicable Interest Basis, a TARGET Business Day; 
and/or (iii) with respect to Sterling as the Specified Currency or SONIA as an applicable Interest Basis, such 
day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) is also a business day in London; and/or (iv) with respect to another 
currency and/or one or more Business Centers, a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the Business Center(s) or, if no 
currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centers; 
“Calculation Agent” means the calculation agent specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Capital Disqualification Event” is deemed to occur in the case of any series of Subordinated Notes if the 
Issuer, after consultation with the Relevant Regulator, determines that there has been a change (which has 
occurred or which the Relevant Regulator considers to be sufficiently certain) in the regulatory classification 
of the Subordinated Notes, in any such case becoming effective on or after the Issue Date, that results, or would 
be likely to result, in the entire principal amount of such Series of Subordinated Notes (or if “Capital 
Disqualification Event for partial exclusion” is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable, the 
entire principal amount of such Series of Subordinated Notes or any part thereof) being excluded from or 
ceasing to count towards the Issuer’s Tier 2 Capital, whether on a solo or consolidated basis and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any amortization of such Series of Subordinated Notes pursuant to Article 64 of the CRD 
Regulation, as it stands as at the Issue Date, shall not comprise a Capital Disqualification Event; 
“Clean-up Call Minimum Percentage” means 75 per cent. or such other higher percentage specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
“CMT Designated Maturity” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms;  
“CMT Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to the provision “—Interest—Interest 
on Resettable Notes—Fallback Provisions for Resettable Notes”, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent, 
and expressed as a percentage, equal to:  
(i) 
the yield for United States Treasury Securities at “constant maturity” for the CMT Designated Maturity, 
as published in the H.15 under the caption “treasury constant maturities (nominal)”, as that yield is 
displayed on the Relevant Screen Page on such Reset Determination Date; or

--- Page 129 ---
126 
(ii) 
if the yield referred to in paragraph (i) above is not published by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the 
Relevant Screen Page on such Reset Determination Date, the yield for United States Treasury Securities 
at “constant maturity” for the CMT Designated Maturity as published in the H.15 under the caption 
“treasury constant maturities (nominal)” on such Reset Determination Date;  
“CRD Regulation” means the Regulation (EU No. 575/2013) of the European Parliament and of the Council 
on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013, as amended or 
replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, by Regulation (EU) 2019/876); 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any period 
of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not constituting 
an Interest Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual – ISDA” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[ଷ଺଴×(௒మି ௒భ)]ା[ଷ଴×(ெమି ெభ)]ା(஽మି ஽భ)
ଷ଺଴
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;  
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will 
be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:

--- Page 130 ---
127 
Day Count Fraction = 
[ଷ଺଴×(௒మି ௒భ)]ା[ଷ଴×(ெమି ெభ)]ା(஽మି ஽భ)
ଷ଺଴
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;  
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[ଷ଺଴×(௒మି ௒భ)]ା[ଷ଴×(ெమି ெభ)]ା(஽మି ஽భ)
ଷ଺଴
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;  
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the 
last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such 
number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(viii) if “Actual/Actual – ICMA” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, (a) if the Calculation Period is 
equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which it falls, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and 
(y) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and (b) if the Calculation Period 
is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: (x) the number of days in such Calculation Period 
falling in the Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; 
and (y) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period divided 
by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year where:

--- Page 131 ---
128 
“Determination Date” means each date specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is so 
specified, each Interest Payment Date; and 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year to but 
excluding the next Determination Date; 
“EEA regulated market” means a market as defined by Article 4.1(21) of Directive 2014/65/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments, as amended; 
“EURIBOR” means Euro Interbank Offered Rate; 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of Member States of the European Union that adopt the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended; 
“Event of Default” means any Non-Restricted Event of Default or any Restricted Event of Default, as each is 
defined in “—Non-Restricted Events of Default” and “—Restricted Events of Default”; 
“First Margin” means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
“First Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the First Resettable Note Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the Second Resettable Note Reset Date or, if no such Second Resettable Note Reset Date is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Maturity Date; 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means, subject to the provision “—Interest—Interest on Resettable Notes—
Fallback Provisions for Resettable Notes”, the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date corresponding to the First Reset Period as the sum of the relevant Reset Rate 
plus the First Margin (with such sum converted (if necessary) from a basis equivalent to the Benchmark 
Duration to a basis equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the 
Notes during the relevant Reset Period (such calculation to be made by the Calculation Agent)); 
“First Resettable Note Reset Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Fixed Leg Swap Duration” has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
“Group” means the Issuer together with each entity within the prudential consolidation of the Issuer (as that 
term or its successor is used in the Applicable Regulatory Capital Requirements);  
“H.15” means the weekly statistical release designated as H.15, or any successor publication, published by the 
board of governors of the Federal Reserve System at https://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/H15/ or any 
successor site or publication;  
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an independent 
financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by and at the expense of the Issuer pursuant to provision 
“—Benchmark Discontinuation—Independent Adviser”; 
“Initial Rate of Interest” means the initial rate of interest per annum specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
“Interest Amount” means: (i) in respect of an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that Interest Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, and unless otherwise specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest 
Period forms part; and (ii) in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount 
for that period; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms for any particular series or in the Notes of such series;

--- Page 132 ---
129 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Period, the date specified 
in the applicable Final Terms for any particular series or in the Notes of such series or, if none is so specified:  
(i) 
unless the Reference Rate in respect of the Notes is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
“SONIA” or “SOFR”: 
(A) 
the first day of such Interest Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling; 
(B) 
the day falling two Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day 
of such Interest Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro; or 
(C) 
the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period if the 
Specified Currency is euro; 
(ii) 
if the Reference Rate in respect of the Notes is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
“SONIA”, the date which is “p” London Business Days prior to each Interest Payment Date; and 
(iii) 
if the Reference Rate in respect of the Notes is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being “SOFR”, 
the date which is “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to each Interest Payment Date; 
“Interest Payment Date” means such date as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms for any particular 
series or in the Notes of such series; 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and ending 
on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers” means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, 
suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any 
laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in Ireland, relating to (i) Directive 2014/59/EU (“BRRD”) 
and/or Irish legislation transposing BRRD into Irish law, in each case as amended or replaced from time to time 
and (ii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of the Issuer 
(or any affiliate of the Issuer) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities or 
other obligations of the Issuer or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period); 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2021 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc., unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Loss Absorption Compliant Notes” means, in the case of Notes in respect of which “Substitution and 
Variation” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, securities that comply with the following 
(which compliance has been certified to the Trustee in an officer’s certificate and delivered to the Trustee prior 
to the relevant substitution or variation): 
(i) 
are issued by the Issuer or any wholly-owned direct or indirect subsidiary of the Issuer with a guarantee 
of such obligations by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
rank (or, if guaranteed by the Issuer, benefit from a guarantee that ranks) equally with the ranking of the 
relevant Notes; 
(iii) 
have terms not materially less favorable to Noteholders than the terms of the relevant Notes (as 
reasonably determined by the Issuer in consultation with an independent adviser of recognized standing); 
(iv) 
(without prejudice to clause (iii) above) (1) contain terms such that they comply with the then applicable 
Loss Absorption Regulations in order to be eligible to qualify in full towards the Issuer’s and/or the

--- Page 133 ---
130 
Regulatory Group’s minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing 
capacity instruments; (2) bear the same rate of interest from time to time applying to the relevant Notes 
and preserve the same Interest Payment Dates; (3) do not contain terms providing for mandatory or 
discretionary deferral of payments of interest and/or principal; (4) preserve the obligations (including 
the obligations arising from the exercise of any right) of the Issuer as to redemption of the relevant Notes, 
including (without limitation) as to timing of, and amounts payable upon, such redemption; (5) do not 
contain terms providing for loss absorption through principal write-down or conversion to ordinary 
shares (but without prejudice to any acknowledgement of statutory resolution powers substantially 
similar to that contained in provision “—Agreement with Respect to the Exercise of Irish Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers”); and (6) preserve any existing rights to any accrued and unpaid interest and any 
other amounts payable under the relevant Notes which has accrued to Noteholders and not been paid; 
(v) 
are listed on the same stock exchange or market as the relevant Notes or the regulated market of the 
London Stock Exchange or an EEA regulated market selected by the Issuer; and 
(vi) 
where the relevant Notes which have been substituted or varied had a published rating solicited by the 
Issuer from one or more Rating Agencies immediately prior to their substitution or variation, benefit 
from (or will, as announced by each such Rating Agency, benefit from) an equal or higher published 
rating from each such Rating Agency as that which applied to the relevant Notes; 
“Loss Absorption Disqualification Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if, as a result of any amendment 
to, or change in, any Loss Absorption Regulations, or any change in the application or official interpretation of 
any Loss Absorption Regulations, in any such case becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes, the Notes are or (in the opinion of the Issuer or the Relevant Regulator) are likely to 
become fully (or, if “Loss Absorption Disqualification Event for partial exclusion” is specified as being 
applicable, fully or partially) excluded from or ceasing to count towards the Issuer’s and/or the Regulatory 
Group’s minimum requirements for (A) own funds and eligible liabilities and/or (B) loss absorbing capacity 
instruments, in each case as such minimum requirements are applicable to the Issuer and/or the Regulatory 
Group and determined in accordance with, and pursuant to, the relevant Loss Absorption Regulations; provided 
that a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event shall not occur where the exclusion of the Notes from the relevant 
minimum requirement(s) is due to the remaining maturity of the Notes being less than any period prescribed by 
any applicable eligibility criteria for such minimum requirements under the relevant Loss Absorption 
Regulations effective with respect to the Issuer and/or the Regulatory Group on the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes; 
“Loss Absorption Notes” means any Senior Note where “Loss Absorption Note” is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
“Loss Absorption Regulations” means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, 
standards and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss 
absorbing capacity instruments of Ireland, the Relevant Regulator and/or of the European Parliament or of the 
Council of the European Union then in effect in Ireland and applicable to the Issuer and/or the Regulatory Group 
including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, any delegated or implementing acts (such as 
regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European Commission and any regulations, requirements, 
guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities 
and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments adopted by the Relevant Regulator from time to time (whether such 
regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards or policies are applied generally or specifically to the 
Issuer or to the Regulatory Group); 
“Market Exchange Rate” means the exchange rate contained in the H.10 release (or its successor) published 
by the U.S. Federal Reserve Board;

--- Page 134 ---
131 
“Maturity Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate” means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for the fixed leg 
payable with a frequency equivalent to the Fixed Leg Swap Duration specified in the applicable Final Terms 
during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the 
Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction 
in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing 
on the relevant Resettable Note Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) 
has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments 
in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent);  
“Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation” means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate;  
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” means the reference rate specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if no such reference rate is so specified:  
(i) 
where the Specified Currency is euro, EURIBOR; 
(ii) 
where the Specified Currency is U.S. dollars, SOFR; or  
(iii) 
where the Specified Currency is Sterling, SONIA; 
“Mid-Swap Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to provision “—Interest—
Interest on Resettable Notes—Fallback Provisions for Resettable Notes”:  
(i) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for swaps in the Specified 
Currency:  
(a) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and  
(b) 
commencing on the relevant Resettable Note Reset Date,  
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(ii) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. 
being rounded upwards) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency:  
(a) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(b) 
commencing on the relevant Resettable Note Reset Date,  
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11:00 a.m. in the Principal Financial Center of the Specified Currency 
on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes; 
“Principal Financial Center” means the capital city of the country issuing the Specified Currency except, that 
with respect to U.S. dollars, Canadian dollars and Swiss francs, the “Principal Financial Center” shall be New 
York City, Toronto and Zurich, respectively;

--- Page 135 ---
132 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of a Note and that is either 
specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Indenture or as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
“Rating Agency” means each of S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Moody’s Investors Service Limited or 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and each of their respective affiliates or successors; 
“Reference Banks” means (i) in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of 
four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, selected by the Issuer in consultation with the Calculation 
Agent or as specified in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) if “CMT Rate” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, five banks which are primary U.S. Treasury securities dealers or market makers in pricing corporate 
bond issues denominated in U.S. dollars in New York selected by the Issuer in consultation with the Calculation 
Agent or as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Reference Bond” means for any Reset Period, a government security or securities issued by the state 
responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is euro, shall be Germany) 
selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute as having an actual or 
interpolated maturity comparable with the relevant Reset Period that would be utilised, at the time of selection 
and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities 
denominated in the same currency as the Notes and of a comparable maturity to the relevant Reset Period; 
“Reference Bond Price” means, with respect to any Reset Determination Date, (i) the arithmetic average of 
the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such Reset Determination Date, after excluding the 
highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if the Calculation Agent obtains 
fewer than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such 
quotations. If no quotations are provided, the Reference Rate will be determined by the Calculation Agent in 
consultation with the Issuer; 
“Reference Bond Rate” means the annual yield to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant 
day count basis) of the relevant Reference Bond, assuming a price for such Reference Bond (expressed as a 
percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the relevant Reference Bond Price, as calculated by the Calculation 
Agent; 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer” means each of five banks (selected by the Issuer on the advice of an 
investment bank of international repute), or their affiliates, which are (i) primary government securities dealers, 
and their respective successors, or (ii) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each Reference Government Bond 
Dealer and the relevant Reset Determination Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the relevant Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of 
its nominal amount) at or around the Subsequent Reset Rate Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date 
quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; 
“Register” and “Registrar” have the respective meanings specified in Section 3.4 of the Indenture; 
“Regulatory Group” means the Issuer, its subsidiary undertakings, participations, participating interests and 
any subsidiary undertakings, participations or participating interests held (directly or indirectly) by any of its 
subsidiary undertakings from time to time and any other undertakings from time to time consolidated with the 
Issuer for regulatory or resolution purposes, in each case in accordance with the rules and guidance of the 
Relevant Regulator then in effect; 
“Relevant Amounts” means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with any accrued but 
unpaid interest and additional amounts and any other amounts due on or in respect of the Notes. References to

--- Page 136 ---
133 
such amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, prior to 
the exercise of any Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority; 
“Relevant Date” means the date on which payment in respect thereof first becomes due or (if any amount of 
the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount 
outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
the Section “Notices and Communications” of the Indenture, that, upon further presentation of the Note being 
made in accordance with the Indenture, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon 
such presentation; 
“Relevant Fallback Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms (or any successor or replacement page, 
section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service); 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of 
(a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
“Relevant Regulator” means the European Central Bank and/or such successor or other authority having for 
the time being primary supervisory authority and/or responsibility with regards to prudential, conduct and/or 
resolution matters in respect of the Issuer and/or the Group (being, as at the Issue Date, the Single Resolution 
Board), as may be relevant in the context and circumstances; 
“Relevant Resolution Authority” means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any Irish Statutory 
Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer (being, as at the Issue Date, the Single Resolution Board); 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information 
service as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms (or any successor or replacement page, section, 
caption, column or other part of a particular information service); 
“Reset Determination Date” means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business Day prior to the 
First Resettable Note Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second Business Day prior 
to the Second Resettable Note Reset Date and, in respect of each Reset Period thereafter, the second Business 
Day prior to the first day of each such Reset Period;  
“Reset Period” means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be;  
“Reset Rate” means (i) the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (ii) if “Reference 
Bond” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Reference Bond Rate or (iii) if “CMT Rate” is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant CMT Rate; 
“Reset United States Treasury Securities Quotation” means, in relation to a Reset Period and the Reset 
Determination Date in relation to such Reset Period, the rate quoted by a Reference Bank as being a yield-to-
maturity based on the secondary market bid price of such Reference Bank for Reset United States Treasury 
Securities at approximately 4:30 p.m. (New York City time) on such Reset Determination Date;

--- Page 137 ---
134 
“Reset United States Treasury Securities” means, on the relevant Reset Determination Date, United States 
Treasury Securities with an original maturity equal to the CMT Designated Maturity, a remaining term to 
maturity of no more than one year shorter than the CMT Designated Maturity and in a principal amount equal 
to an amount that is representative for a single transaction in such United States Treasury Securities in the New 
York City market. If two or more United States Treasury Securities have remaining terms to maturity of no 
more than one year shorter than the CMT Designated Maturity, the United States Treasury Security with the 
longer remaining term to maturity will be used and if two or more United States Treasury Securities have 
remaining terms to maturity equally close to the duration of the CMT Designated Maturity, the United States 
Treasury Security with the largest nominal amount outstanding will be used;  
“Resettable Note Reset Date” means the First Resettable Note Reset Date, the Second Resettable Note Reset 
Date and every Subsequent Resettable Note Reset Date as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Second Resettable Note Reset Date” means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
“Senior Creditors” means (i) unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer and (ii) creditors of the Issuer whose claims 
are, or are expressed to be, subordinated to the claims of other creditors of the Issuer (other than those whose 
claims are in respect of obligations which constitute, or would but for any applicable limitation on the amount 
of such capital, constitute, Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital or whose claims rank or are expressed to rank pari 
passu with, or junior to, the claims of holders in respect of the Notes); 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is 
specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated; 
“Subsequent Margin” means the margin(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the Second Resettable Note Reset Date to 
(but excluding) the next Resettable Note Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) a 
Resettable Note Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Resettable Note Reset Date;  
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and subject to 
provision “—Interest—Interest on Resettable Notes—Fallback Provisions for Resettable Notes”, the rate of 
interest being determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date corresponding to 
such Subsequent Reset Period as the sum of the relevant Reset Rate plus the applicable Subsequent Margin 
(with such sum converted (if necessary) from a basis equivalent to the Benchmark Duration to a basis equivalent 
to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset 
Period (such calculation to be made by the Calculation Agent)); 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
“Supervisory Permission” means, in relation to any action, such notice, supervisory permission (and/or, as 
appropriate, consent, approval or waiver) as is required therefor under the Applicable Regulatory Capital 
Requirements (if any); 
“TARGET Business Day” means a day on which T2 is operating; 
“Tax Event” has the meaning given in provision “—Redemption, Repurchase, Substitution and Variation—
Redemption for Tax Reasons”; 
“Tier 1 Capital” and “Tier 2 Capital” have the respective meanings given in the Applicable Regulatory Capital 
Requirements from time to time;

--- Page 138 ---
135 
“Tier 2 Compliant Notes” means, in the case of Subordinated Notes in respect of which “Substitution and 
Variation” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, securities that comply with the following 
(which compliance has been certified to the Trustee in an officer’s certificate and delivered to the Trustee prior 
to the relevant substitution or variation): 
(i) 
are issued by the Issuer or any wholly-owned direct or indirect subsidiary of the Issuer with a 
subordinated guarantee of such obligations by the Issuer;  
(ii) 
rank (or, if guaranteed by the Issuer, benefit from a guarantee that ranks) at least equally with the ranking 
of the relevant Notes; 
(iii) 
have terms not materially less favorable to Noteholders than the terms of the relevant Notes (as 
reasonably determined by the Issuer in consultation with an independent adviser of recognized standing); 
(iv) 
(without prejudice to clause (iii) above) (a) contain terms such that they comply with the Applicable 
Regulatory Capital Requirements in relation to Tier 2 Capital; (b) bear the same rate of interest from 
time to time applying to the relevant Notes and preserve the same Interest Payment Dates; (c) do not 
contain terms providing for mandatory deferral of payments of interest and/or principal; (d) preserve the 
obligations (including the obligations arising from the exercise of any right) of the Issuer as to 
redemption of the relevant Notes, including (without limitation) as to timing of, and amounts payable 
upon, such redemption; (e) do not contain terms providing for loss absorption through principal write-
down or conversion to ordinary shares (but without prejudice to any acknowledgement of statutory 
resolution powers substantially similar to that contained in provision “Agreement with Respect to the 
Exercise of Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers”); and (f) preserve any existing rights to any accrued 
and unpaid interest and any other amounts payable under the relevant Notes which has accrued to 
Noteholders and not been paid; 
(v) 
are listed on the same stock exchange or market as the relevant Notes or the regulated market of the 
London Stock Exchange or an EEA regulated market selected by the Issuer; and 
(vi) 
where the relevant Notes which have been substituted or varied had a published rating solicited by the 
Issuer from one or more Rating Agencies immediately prior to their substitution or variation, benefit 
from (or will, as announced by each such Rating Agency, benefit from) an equal or higher published 
rating from each such Rating Agency as that which applied to the relevant Notes; and 
“T2” means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or any successor thereto; 
“United States Treasury Securities” means securities that are direct obligations of the United States Treasury, 
issued other than on a discount rate basis;  
“Winding-Up” means: 
(i) 
an order is made, or an effective resolution is passed, for the winding-up of the Issuer (except, in any 
such case, a winding-up solely for the purpose of, and followed by, a reconstruction, amalgamation, 
reorganization, merger or consolidation, the terms of which do not provide that the Notes thereby become 
redeemable or repayable in accordance with the Indenture); or  
(ii) 
liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer or any procedure similar to that described in paragraph (i) above. 
Form, Transfer, Exchange and Denomination  
Notes of a series will initially be represented by a global note or global notes in fully registered form (“Global 
Notes”). Notes offered in the United States to qualified institutional buyers in reliance on Rule 144A will be 
represented by one or more U.S. global notes (“U.S. Global Notes”). Notes offered outside the United States

--- Page 139 ---
136 
to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S will be represented by one or more international global notes 
(“International Global Notes”). 
Notes will bear a legend setting forth transfer restrictions and may not be transferred except in compliance with 
these transfer restrictions and subject to certification requirements. In no event will notes in bearer form be 
issued. 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms relating to a particular series of notes, the Global Note or Global 
Notes representing a series of notes will be issued to and deposited with, or on behalf of, DTC in New York 
City and registered in the name of Cede & Co. (“Cede”), as DTC’s nominee. Interests in a Global Note or 
Global Notes representing notes of a series will be shown in, and transfers thereof will be effected only through, 
records maintained by DTC and its participants until such time, if any, as physical registered certificates 
(“Definitive Notes”) in respect of such notes are issued, as set forth in the section entitled “Book-Entry System”.  
The Global Note or Global Notes representing a series of notes may be transferred only to a successor of DTC 
or another nominee of DTC. For additional information, see the section entitled “Book-Entry System”.  
Under the following circumstances, Global Notes of a series may be exchanged for certificated registered notes 
of such series:  
 
if at any time the depositary for the Notes is DTC and it notifies the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable 
to continue as depositary for the Global Notes of such series and the Issuer does not appoint a successor 
depositary within 90 days after such notification; 
 
if the depositary is a common depositary for Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and the Issuer has 
been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced 
an intention to permanently cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is 
available; and 
 
if the Issuer determines in the Issuer’s sole discretion that the Notes of any series should no longer be 
represented by such Global Note or notes.  
Definitive Notes representing a series of notes, if any, will be exchangeable for other Definitive Notes 
representing notes of such series of any authorized denominations and of a like aggregate principal amount and 
tenor. Definitive Notes will be serially numbered.  
Definitive Notes may be presented to the Trustee for registration of transfer of exchange at its office in New 
York, which, at the date hereof, is located at 101 Barclay Street, New York, New York 10286. Definitive Notes 
may be presented for exchange and transfer in the manner, at the places and subject to the restrictions set forth 
in the Indenture and the Notes. The Issuer has not registered the Notes under the Securities Act or with any 
securities regulatory authority of any jurisdiction, and accordingly, transfers of the Notes will be subject to the 
restrictions set forth in the sections entitled “Transfer Restrictions”.  
Definitive Notes and interests in the U.S. Global Notes may be transferred to a person who takes delivery in 
the form of interests in an International Global Note only upon receipt by the Trustee of written certifications, 
in the form provided in the Indenture, to the effect that the transfer is being made in accordance with Regulation 
S or Rule 144 under the Securities Act and that, if this transfer occurs prior to 40 days after the commencement 
of the offering of such notes, the interest transferred will be held immediately thereafter through Euroclear 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, each of which is a participant in DTC.  
Until 40 days after the closing date for the offering of a series of notes, interests in an International Global Note 
may be held only through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, which are participants in DTC. Definitive

--- Page 140 ---
137 
Notes and interests in International Global Notes may be transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form 
of interests in a U.S. Global Note only upon receipt by the Trustee of written certifications, in the form provided 
in the Indenture, to the effect that such transfer is being made in accordance with Rule 144A to a person whom 
the transferor reasonably believes is purchasing for its own account or for an account as to which it exercises 
sole investment discretion and that such person and such account or accounts are “qualified institutional buyers” 
within the meaning of Rule 144A and agree to comply with the restrictions on transfer set forth in the sections 
entitled “Transfer Restrictions”.  
In the event of any redemption of notes, the Registrar will not be required to (i) register the transfer of or 
exchange the Notes during a period of 15 calendar days immediately preceding the date of redemption; 
(ii) register the transfer of or exchange the Notes, or any portion thereof called for redemption, except the 
unredeemed portion of any of the Notes being redeemed in part; or (iii) with respect to notes represented by a 
Global Note or Global Notes, exchange any such note or notes called for redemption, except to exchange such 
note or notes for another Global Note or Global Notes of that series and like tenor representing the aggregate 
principal amount of notes of that series that have not been redeemed.  
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms relating to a particular series of notes, The Bank of New York 
Mellon, London Branch is the paying agent (the “Paying Agent”) for the Notes pursuant to the Indenture. The 
Issuer may at any time designate additional paying agents or rescind the designation of any paying agent 
provided that if and for so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange which requires the appointment 
of a paying agent in any particular place, the Issuer shall maintain a paying agent with an office in the place 
required by such stock exchange or relevant authority.  
The Issuer will issue the Notes in minimum denominations of U.S.$200,000, and in integral multiples of 
U.S.$1,000 in excess thereof, in the case of notes denominated in U.S. dollars. The Issuer will issue notes 
denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars in minimum denominations that are the equivalent 
of these amounts in any other Specified Currency, and in any other denominations in excess of the minimum 
denominations as specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Notes will be issued in integral multiples of 1,000 
units of any such Specified Currency in excess of their minimum denominations. If the principal, premium, if 
any, and interest, if any, on any of the Notes not denominated in U.S. dollars, euro or sterling are to be payable 
at the Issuer’s or the holder’s option in U.S. dollars, such payment will be made on the basis of the Market 
Exchange Rate, computed by the Currency Determination Agent in respect of the relevant series of notes and 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, on the second Business Day prior to such payment or, if such Market 
Exchange Rate is not then available, on the basis of the most recently available Market Exchange Rate. 
Payment of Principal, Premium, if any, and Interest, if any  
Payments of principal, premium, if any, and interest, if any, to owners of beneficial interests in the Global Notes 
are expected to be made in accordance with those procedures of DTC and its participants in effect from time to 
time as described in the section entitled “Book-Entry System” and, in the case of any note denominated in a 
Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars, as provided below.  
Except as described below, with respect to any Definitive Note, payments of interest, if any, will be made by 
wire transfer or by mailing a check to the Noteholder at the address of such Noteholder appearing on the register 
for the Notes on the Regular Record Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at the option of the Issuer, all 
payments of interest on the Notes may be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account 
at a bank located within the United States or in Ireland as designated by each holder not less than 15 calendar 
days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. A holder of U.S.$10,000,000 (or, if the Specified Currency is 
other than U.S. dollars, the equivalent thereof in that Specified Currency) or more in aggregate principal amount 
of notes of like tenor and terms with the same Interest Payment Date may demand payment by wire transfer of 
immediately available funds to an account maintained by such holder at a bank located in the United States or

--- Page 141 ---
138 
Ireland as may have been appropriately designated by such holder in writing and such instructions received by 
the Paying Agent with respect to such Notes not less than 15 calendar days prior to the Interest Payment Date. 
In the event that payment is so made in accordance with instructions of the Noteholder, such wire transfer shall 
be deemed to constitute full and complete payment of such principal, premium and/or interest on the Notes. 
Payment of the principal, premium, if any, and interest, if any, due with respect to any Definitive Note at 
Maturity will be made in immediately available funds upon surrender of such note at the principal office of any 
paying agent appointed by the Issuer with respect to that Note and accompanied by wire transfer instructions, 
provided that the Definitive Note is presented to such paying agent in time for such paying agent to make such 
payments in such funds in accordance with its normal procedures.  
Payments of principal, premium, if any, and interest, if any, with respect to any Note to be made in a Specified 
Currency other than U.S. dollars will be made by check sent to the address of the person entitled thereto as its 
address appears in the register for the Notes or by wire transfer to such account with a bank located in a 
jurisdiction acceptable to the Issuer and the Trustee as shall have been designated at least 15 calendar days prior 
to the Interest Payment Date or Maturity, as the case may be, by the holder of such Note on the relevant Regular 
Record Date or at Maturity, provided that, in the case of payment of principal of, and premium, if any, and 
interest, if any, due at Maturity, the Note is presented to any paying agent appointed by the Issuer with respect 
to such Note in time for such paying agent to make such payments in such funds in accordance with its normal 
procedures. Such designation shall be made by filing the appropriate information with the Trustee at its 
Corporate Trust Office, and, unless revoked, any such designation made with respect to any Note by a holder 
will remain in effect with respect to any further payments with respect to such Note payable to such holder. If 
a payment with respect to any such Note cannot be made by wire transfer because the required designation has 
not been received by the Trustee on or before the requisite date or for any other reason, a notice will be sent to 
the Noteholder at its registered address requesting a designation pursuant to which such wire transfer can be 
made and, upon such Trustee’s receipt of such a designation, such payment will be made within 15 calendar 
days of such receipt. The Issuer will pay any administrative costs imposed by financial institutions in connection 
with making payments by wire transfer, but any tax, assessment or governmental charge imposed upon 
payments will be borne by the Noteholders of such notes in respect of which such payments are made.  
Except as provided below, payments of principal, premium, if any, and interest, if any, with respect to any Note 
represented by Global Notes that is denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars will be made 
in U.S. dollars, as set forth below. If the holder of such Note on the relevant Record Date or at Maturity, as the 
case may be, requests payments in a currency other than U.S. dollars, the Noteholder shall transmit a written 
request for such payment to any paying agent appointed by the Issuer with respect to such Note at its principal 
office on or prior to such Record Date or the date 15 calendar days prior to Maturity, as the case may be. Such 
request may be delivered by mail, by hand, by cable or any other form of facsimile or electronic transmission. 
Any such request made with respect to any Note by a holder will remain in effect with respect to any further 
payments of principal, and premium, if any, and interest, if any, with respect to such Note payable to such 
holder, unless such request is revoked by written notice received by such paying agent on or prior to the relevant 
Record Date or the date 15 calendar days prior to Maturity, as the case may be; provided, that (x) in relation to 
Senior Notes with respect to payments made on any such Senior Note if an Event of Default has occurred with 
respect thereto, or (y) in relation to any Note of any series, upon the giving of a notice of redemption, no such 
revocation may be made. Holders of Notes denominated in a currency other than U.S. dollars whose notes are 
registered in the name of a broker or nominee should contact such broker or nominee to determine whether and 
how an election to receive payments in a currency other than U.S. dollars may be made.  
The U.S. dollar amount to be received by a holder of a note denominated in currency other than U.S. dollars 
shall be based on the highest indicated bid quotation for the purchase of U.S. dollars in exchange for the 
Specified Currency obtained by the Currency Determination Agent at approximately 11:00 a.m., New York City 
time, on the second Business Day immediately preceding the applicable payment date from the bank composite

--- Page 142 ---
139 
or multicontributor pages of the Quoting Source for three (or two if three are not available) recognized foreign 
exchange dealers in New York City, selected by the Currency Determination Agent and approved by the Issuer. 
The first three (or two) such foreign exchange dealers which are offering quotes on the Quoting Source will be 
used. If fewer than two such bid quotations are available at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second 
Business Day immediately preceding the applicable payment date, such payment will be based on the Market 
Exchange Rate as of the second Business Day immediately preceding the applicable payment date. If the Market 
Exchange Rate for such date is not then available, such payment will be made in the Specified Currency. As 
used herein, the “Quoting Source” means Reuters Monitor Foreign Exchange Service, or if the Currency 
Determination Agent determines that such service is not available, such comparable display or other comparable 
manner of obtaining quotations as shall be determined by the Issuer. All currency exchange costs associated 
with any payment in U.S. dollars on any such notes will be borne by the holder thereof by deductions from such 
payment.  
If the Specified Currency for a note denominated in a currency other than U.S. dollars is not available for the 
required payment of principal, premium, if any, and/or interest, if any, in respect thereof due to the imposition 
of exchange controls or other circumstances beyond the Issuer’s control, the Issuer will be entitled to satisfy its 
obligations to the holder of such note by making such payment in U.S. dollars on the basis of the Market 
Exchange Rate, computed by the Currency Determination Agent, on the second Business Day prior to such 
payment or, if such Market Exchange Rate is not then available, on the basis of the most recently available 
Market Exchange Rate, or as otherwise established pursuant to the Final Terms with respect to such Notes. Any 
payment made in U.S. dollars under such circumstances where the required payment was to be in a Specified 
Currency other than U.S. dollars will not constitute an Event of Default under the Indenture with respect to the 
Notes. 
All determinations referred to above made by the Currency Determination Agent shall be at its sole discretion 
and in accordance with its normal operating procedures and shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive 
for all purposes and binding on all holders and beneficial owners of notes.  
Interest 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date 
at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with 
the provision “—Calculations and Rounding” below. 
Interest on Resettable Notes 
Each Resettable Note bears interest on its outstanding amount:  
(i) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date up to (but excluding) the First Resettable Note 
Reset Date at the Initial Rate of Interest;  
(ii) 
from (and including) the First Resettable Note Reset Date to (but excluding) the Second Resettable Note 
Reset Date or, if no such Second Resettable Note Reset Date is so specified, the Maturity Date, at the 
First Reset Rate of Interest; and  
(iii) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest. 
Interest will be payable in arrear on each Resettable Note Interest Payment Date and on the Maturity Date.

--- Page 143 ---
140 
Fallback Provisions for Resettable Notes 
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap Rate or CMT 
Rate (as applicable) does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Calculation Agent shall (i) if “Mid-Swap 
Rate” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, request each of the relevant Reference Banks to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately 11:00 a.m. in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the Specified Currency (or, in respect of euro as the Specified Currency, Brussels time) on 
the Reset Determination Date in question and (ii) if “CMT Rate” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
request each of the relevant Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its Reset United States 
Treasury Securities Quotation as at approximately 4:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the Reset Determination 
Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap 
Rate Quotations or Reset United States Treasury Securities Quotations (as applicable), the First Reset Rate of 
Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum 
of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded 
upwards) of the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations or Reset United States Treasury Securities 
Quotations (as applicable) and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) with such sum converted 
as set out in the definition of First Reset Rate of Interest or Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable), 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent 
with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation or Reset United States Treasury Securities Quotation (as applicable) 
as provided in the foregoing provisions of this provision, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) shall be determined to be the Rate of Interest as at the last preceding 
Resettable Note Reset Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest 
shall be the Initial Rate of Interest (though substituting in each case, the Subsequent Margin or First Margin, as 
appropriate, if different for each Reset Period). 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement 
Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable 
in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with 
provision “—Calculations and Rounding”. Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified as Specified Interest 
Payment Dates in the applicable Final Terms or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are so specified, 
Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other period shown as the 
Interest Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Period shall be determined in the manner 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, and the provisions below relating to any of ISDA Determination, Screen 
Rate Determination or Linear Interpolation shall apply, depending upon which is so specified.  
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as, subject to 
provision “—Margin, Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest”, a rate equal to the relevant ISDA 
Rate. For the purposes of this provision, “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the

--- Page 144 ---
141 
Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as so specified; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period so specified; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Period unless otherwise so specified. 
If the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, Compounding is specified 
to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms and: 
(A) 
if Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding Method in the applicable Final 
Terms then (a) Compounding with Lookback is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method and 
(b) Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided that the number of Applicable Business Days, if no such number is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, shall be five; 
(B) 
if Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Compounding Method in the 
applicable Final Terms then (a) Compounding with Observation Period Shift is the Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period 
Shift Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days, if no such number is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, shall be five and (c) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if applicable, are 
the days specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(C) 
if Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding Method in the applicable Final 
Terms then (a) Compounding with Lockout is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, (b) 
Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided that the number of Lockout Period Business Days, if no such number is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, shall be five and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are the 
days specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
If the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, Averaging is specified to be 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms and: 
(A) 
if Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging Method in the applicable Final Terms 
then (a) Averaging with Lookback is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method and (b) Lookback is 
the number of Applicable Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that 
the number of Applicable Business Days, if no such number is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, shall be five;  
(B) 
if Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Averaging Method in the applicable 
Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Observation Period Shift is the Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that the number of Observation Period Shift 
Business Days, if no such number is specified in the applicable Final Terms, shall be five and (c) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(C) 
if Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method in the applicable Final Terms 
then (a) Averaging with Lockout is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method, (b) Lockout is the 
number of Lockout Period Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that 
the number of Lockout Period Business Days, if no such number is specified in the applicable

--- Page 145 ---
142 
Final Terms, shall be five and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; and  
If the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option and Index Provisions are specified 
to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift shall be applicable and, (a) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift 
Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that the number of Observation Period 
Shift Business Days, if no such number is specified in the applicable Final Terms, shall be five and (b) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (i), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, “Floating Rate Option”, 
“Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date”, “Swap Transaction” and other terms used herein but not otherwise 
defined have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes – Term Rates 
(A) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to 
be determined, and unless the Reference Rate in respect of the relevant series of Floating Rate 
Notes is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being “SONIA” or “SOFR”, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below and subject to the provision “—
Benchmark Discontinuation”, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the specified rate (the “Reference Rate”) which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels 
time in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant 
Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes is specified as being 
other than EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of such Notes will be determined as provided 
in the applicable Final Terms for any particular series. 
(B) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if clause (A)(1) above applies and no such offered 
quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or if clause (A)(2) above applies and fewer than 
three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in each case at the time 
specified above, subject as provided below, the Calculation Agent shall request, if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks, to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) 
on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide 
the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall, subject to provision “—Margin, Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest”, be the 
arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 146 ---
143 
(C) 
If clause (B) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than two Reference 
Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall, 
subject to provision “—Margin, Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest”, be the arithmetic 
mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request 
of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such 
banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels 
time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market or, if fewer than two of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency 
for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion 
of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading 
banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, provided that, if 
the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, subject to provision “—Benchmark Discontinuation”, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to 
the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating 
to that last preceding Interest Period). 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded SONIA 
(A) 
SONIA Compounded Index Rate 
Where (i) Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined; (ii) the Reference Rate is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being SONIA; and (iii) SONIA Compounded Index Rate is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will, subject to provisions “—Margin, Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest” and “—
Benchmark Discontinuation”, be the SONIA Compounded Index Rate determined as follows: 
“SONIA Compounded Index Rate” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment during the SONIA Observation Period relating to such 
Interest Period (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, as follows: 
൬𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥ாே஽
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥ௌ்஺ோ்
−1൰× ൬365
𝑑൰ 
provided, however, that and subject to provision “—Benchmark Discontinuation” if the SONIA 
Compounded Index Value is not available in relation to any Interest Period on the Relevant 
Screen 
Page 
or 
on 
the 
Bank 
of 
England’s 
website 
at 
www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such other page or website as may replace 
such page for the purposes of publishing the SONIA Compounded Index) for the determination

--- Page 147 ---
144 
of either or both of SONIA Compounded IndexSTART and/or SONIA Compounded IndexEND, the 
Rate of Interest shall be calculated for such Interest Period on the basis of the SONIA 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate as set out in (iii)(B) below as if SONIA Compounded Daily 
Reference Rate with Observation Shift had been specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable and the “Relevant Screen Page” shall be deemed to be the “Relevant Fallback Screen 
Page” as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
“London Business Day”, means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London;  
“p” means, for any Interest Period, the whole number specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(or, if no such number is so specified, five) representing a number of London Business Days; 
“SONIA Compounded Index” means the index known as the SONIA Compounded Index 
administered by the Bank of England (or any successor administrator thereof); 
“SONIA Compounded Index Value” means, in relation to any London Business Day, the value 
of the SONIA Compounded Index as published by authorised distributors on the Relevant 
Screen Page on such London Business Day or, if the value of the SONIA Compounded Index 
cannot be obtained from the Relevant Screen Page, as published on the Bank of England’s 
website at www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such other page or website as may 
replace such page for the purposes of publishing the SONIA Compounded Index) in respect of 
such London Business Day; 
“SONIA Compounded IndexEND” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the SONIA 
Compounded Index Value on the last day of the relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
“SONIA Compounded IndexSTART” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the SONIA 
Compounded Index Value on the first day of the relevant SONIA Observation Period; and 
“SONIA Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from (and 
including) the date falling “p” London Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Period (and the first SONIA Observation Period shall begin on (and include) the date which is 
“p” London Business Days prior to the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on (but 
excluding) the date which is “p” London Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period (or the date falling “p” London Business Days prior to such earlier date, if 
any, on which the Notes become due and payable). 
(B) 
SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate 
Where (i) Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined; (ii) the Reference Rate is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being SONIA; and (iii) SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject to provisions “—Margin, Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of 
Interest” and “—Benchmark Discontinuation”, be the SONIA Compounded Daily Reference 
Rate determined as follows: 
“SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling overnight reference

--- Page 148 ---
145 
rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows: 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴௜× 𝑛௜
365
൰−1
ௗ೚
௜ୀଵ
቏× 365
𝑑 
where: 
“London Business Day”, “p” and “SONIA Observation Period” have the respective meanings 
set out in (iii)(A) above; 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant: 
(i) 
SONIA Observation Period, where Observation Shift is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being applicable; or 
(ii) 
Interest Period, where Lag is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable; 
“do” is the number of London Business Days in the relevant: 
(i) 
SONIA Observation Period, where Observation Shift is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being applicable; or 
(ii) 
Interest Period, where Lag is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant London Business 
Day in chronological order from (and including) the first London Business Day in the relevant: 
(i) 
SONIA Observation Period, where Observation Shift is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being applicable, to (and including) the last London Business Day in 
the relevant SONIA Observation Period; or 
(ii) 
Interest Period, where Lag is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, to (and including) the last London Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Period; 
“ni”, for any London Business Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from (and including) 
such London Business Day “i” up to (but excluding) the next following London Business Day; 
“SONIAi” means, in relation to any London Business Day, the SONIA reference rate in respect 
of: 
(i) 
that London Business Day “i”, where Observation Shift is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being applicable; or 
(ii) 
the London Business Day (being a London Business Day falling in the relevant SONIA 
Observation Period) falling “p” London Business Days prior to the relevant London 
Business Day “i”, where Lag is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable; and 
the “SONIA reference rate”, in respect of any London Business Day, is a reference rate equal 
to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for such London Business Day 
as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on 
the Relevant Screen Page on the next following London Business Day or, if the Relevant Screen

--- Page 149 ---
146 
Page is unavailable, as published by authorised distributors on such next following London 
Business Day or, if SONIA cannot be obtained from the Relevant Screen Page, as published on 
the Bank of England’s website at www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such other 
page or website as may replace such page for the purposes of publishing the SONIA reference 
rate). 
(C) 
Subject to provision “—Benchmark Discontinuation”, where SONIA is specified as the 
Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms and either (i) SONIA Compounded Daily 
Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable or (ii) the SONIA 
Compounded Index Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable and 
(iii)(B) above applies, if, in respect of any London Business Day, the SONIA reference rate is 
not available on the Relevant Screen Page or the Relevant Fallback Screen Page as applicable 
(or as otherwise provided in the relevant definition thereof) or as published on the Bank of 
England’s website at www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such other page or 
website as may replace such page for the purposes of publishing the SONIA reference rate), 
such Reference Rate shall be: 
(i) 
(1) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at close of business 
on the relevant London Business Day; plus (2) the mean of the spread of the SONIA 
reference rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which the SONIA 
reference rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than 
one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is 
more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate, or 
(ii) 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA reference rate published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or as otherwise provided in the relevant definition thereof) or (if later) as 
published 
on 
the 
Bank 
of 
England’s 
website 
at 
www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such other page or website as may 
replace such page for the purposes of publishing the SONIA reference rate) for the first 
preceding London Business Day on which the SONIA reference rate was published on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or as otherwise provided in the relevant definition thereof) 
or 
(if 
later) 
as 
published 
on 
the 
Bank 
of 
England’s 
website 
at 
www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such other page or website as may 
replace such page for the purposes of publishing the SONIA reference rate), and 
in each case, SONIAi shall be interpreted accordingly. 
(D) 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with provisions “—Non-Restricted Events 
of Default”, “Restricted Events of Default” and/or “—Enforcement”, as applicable, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due and 
payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Note remains 
outstanding, be that determined on such date and as if (solely for the purpose of such interest 
determination) the relevant Interest Period had been shortened accordingly. 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded SOFR 
(A) 
SOFR Compounded Index Rate 
Where (i) Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined; (ii) the Reference Rate is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being SOFR; and (iii) SOFR Compounded Index Rate is specified in

--- Page 150 ---
147 
the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject to the provision “—Margin, Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest”, and as 
provided below, be the SOFR Compounded Index Rate determined as follows. 
“SOFR Compounded Index Rate” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment during the SOFR Observation Period relating to such 
Interest Period (with the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as reference rate for the calculation 
of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, as follows: 
൬𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥ாே஽
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥ௌ்஺ோ்
−1൰× ൬360
𝑑൰ 
provided, however, that, and subject as provided below, if the SOFR Compounded Index Value 
is not available in relation to any Interest Period on the SOFR Administrator’s Website for the 
determination of either or both of SOFR Compounded IndexSTART and/or SOFR Compounded 
IndexEND and a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
not occurred with respect to such SOFR Compounded Index Value, the Rate of Interest shall be 
calculated for such Interest Period on the basis of the SOFR Compounded Daily Reference Rate 
as set out in (iv)(B) below as if SOFR Compounded Daily Reference Rate with Observation 
Shift had been specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant SOFR Observation Period;  
“p” means, for any Interest Period, the whole number specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(or, if no such number is so specified, two) representing a number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days; 
“SOFR” means the daily secured overnight financing rate as provided by the SOFR 
Administrator on the SOFR Administrator’s Website; 
“SOFR Administrator” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of SOFR); 
“SOFR Administrator’s Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, or any successor source; 
“SOFR Compounded Index” means the index known as SOFR Index administered by the 
SOFR Administrator; 
“SOFR Compounded Index Value” means, in relation to any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, the value of the SOFR Compounded Index as published by the SOFR 
Administrator on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
“SOFR Compounded IndexEND” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the SOFR 
Compounded Index Value on the last day of the relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
“SOFR Compounded IndexSTART” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the SOFR 
Compounded Index Value on the first day of the relevant SOFR Observation Period;  
“SOFR Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from (and 
including) the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day

--- Page 151 ---
148 
of such Interest Period (and the first SOFR Observation Period shall begin on (and include) the 
date which is “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on (but excluding) the date which is “p” U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date 
falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Notes become due and payable); and 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, a Sunday 
or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that 
the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading 
in U.S. government securities. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, if both a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to determining the SOFR 
Compounded Index Rate, the benchmark replacement provisions set forth in (iv)(D) below shall 
apply for the purposes of all determinations of the Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes. 
(B) 
SOFR Compounded Daily Reference Rate 
Where (i) Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined; (ii) the Reference Rate is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being SOFR; and (iii) SOFR Compounded Daily Reference Rate is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will, subject to provision “—Margin, Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest”, and 
as provided below, be the SOFR Compounded Daily Reference Rate determined as follows: 
“SOFR Compounded Daily Reference Rate” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows: 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅௜× 𝑛௜
360
൰−1
ௗ೚
௜ୀଵ
቏× 360
𝑑 
where: 
“p”, “SOFR Administrator”, “SOFR Administrator’s Website”, “SOFR Observation 
Period” and “U.S. Government Securities Business Day” have the respective meanings set 
out in (iv)(A) above; 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant: 
(i) 
SOFR Observation Period, where Observation Shift is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being applicable; or 
(ii) 
Interest Period, where Lag is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable; 
“do” is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant: 
(i) 
SOFR Observation Period, where Observation Shift is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being applicable; or

--- Page 152 ---
149 
(ii) 
Interest Period, where Lag is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in chronological order from (and including) the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant: 
(i) 
SOFR Observation Period, where Observation Shift is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being applicable, to (and including) the last U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in the relevant SOFR Observation Period; or 
(ii) 
Interest Period, where Lag is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, to (and including) the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Period; 
“ni”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”, means the number of calendar days 
from (and including) such U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” up to (but excluding) 
the next following U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
“SOFRi” means, in relation to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the SOFR 
reference rate in respect of: 
(i) 
that U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”, where Observation Shift is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable; or 
(ii) 
the U.S. Government Securities Business Day (being a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day falling in the relevant SOFR Observation Period) falling “p” U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day “i”, where Lag is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable; and 
the “SOFR reference rate” means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, 
a rate determined in accordance with the following provisions: 
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day that appears on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at or about 3.00 p.m. 
(New York City time) on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately 
following such U.S. Government Securities Business Day; and 
(ii) 
if the rate specified in paragraph (i) above does not so appear, unless both a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, then the 
Calculation Agent shall use the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published on the 
SOFR Administrator’s Website for the first preceding U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day on which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on the 
SOFR Administrator’s Website. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, if both a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to determining the SOFR 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate, the benchmark replacement provisions set forth in (iv)(D) 
below shall apply for the purposes of all determinations of the Rate of Interest in respect of the 
Notes. 
(C) 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with provisions “—Non-Restricted Events 
of Default”, “—Restricted Events of Default” and/or “—Enforcement”, as applicable, the final

--- Page 153 ---
150 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due and 
payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Note remains 
outstanding, be that determined on such date and as if (solely for the purpose of such interest 
determination) the relevant Interest Period had been shortened accordingly. 
(D) 
Notwithstanding any other provisions, if:  
(i) 
the Benchmark is SOFR; and 
(ii) 
any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by 
reference to the Benchmark, 
then the following provisions shall apply. 
(I) 
Benchmark Replacement 
If the Issuer or its designee determines prior to the Reference Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current 
Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for 
all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and all 
determinations on all subsequent dates (subject to any subsequent application of this 
provision with respect to such Benchmark Replacement). 
(II) 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer or its 
designee will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
from time to time. 
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee of an officer’s certificate 
pursuant to paragraph (IV) below and subject as provided below, the Trustee shall (at the 
expense of the Issuer), without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes (including, inter alia, by the execution of a 
supplemental indenture to or amending the Indenture), provided that the Trustee shall 
not be obliged so to concur if in the opinion of the Trustee doing so would impose more 
onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or 
liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Trustee in the 
Indenture (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental indenture) in any 
way. 
The Calculation Agent or any Paying Agent is not obliged to concur with the Issuer in 
effecting any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes which, in the sole opinion 
of the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, would impose 
more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or 
liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent 
or the relevant Paying Agent (as applicable) in the Indenture. 
None of the Trustee, the Calculation Agent or any Paying Agent shall have any liability 
for any determination made by or on behalf of the Issuer or its designee in connection 
with a Benchmark Transition Event or a Benchmark Replacement. For the avoidance of

--- Page 154 ---
151 
doubt, unless otherwise agreed upon in writing, the Trustee, the Calculation Agent or any 
Paying Agent shall in no event be the Issuer’s designee. 
(III) 
Decisions and Determinations 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer or its designee 
pursuant to this provision, including (without limitation) any determination with respect 
to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, 
circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any 
selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, may be made in the 
Issuer’s or its designee’s sole discretion (as applicable), and, notwithstanding anything 
to the contrary in these provisions or the Indenture, shall become effective without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders or any other party. 
In connection with any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes in accordance 
with this provision, the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on 
which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
Notwithstanding any other provision, no Benchmark Replacement will be adopted, nor 
will the applicable Benchmark Replacement Adjustment be applied, nor will any 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes be made, if and to the extent that, in the 
determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the then 
current or future qualification of the Notes as Tier 2 Capital. 
(IV) 
Notice and Certification 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the specific 
terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes determined under this 
provision will be notified at least 10 business days prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date by the Issuer to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agents and, promptly thereafter, in accordance with the Section “Notices and 
Communications” of the Indenture, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, if 
any. 
No later than notifying the Noteholders of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee 
an officer’s certificate:  
(A) 
confirming (a) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (b) the 
Benchmark Replacement, (c) the applicable Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment and (d) the specific terms of the Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes (if any), in each case as determined in accordance with the 
provisions of this provision; and 
(B) 
certifying that the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (if any) are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Benchmark Replacement and 
the applicable Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without liability to any person) 
as sufficient evidence thereof. The Benchmark Replacement, the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment and the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (if any) 
specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the 
determination of the Benchmark Replacement, the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment

--- Page 155 ---
152 
and the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (if any) and without prejudice to 
the Trustee’s ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
(V) 
Definitions 
In this provision:  
“Benchmark” means, initially, SOFR (provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event 
and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR (or 
the published daily SOFR used in the calculation thereof) or any Benchmark which has 
replaced it in accordance with this provision, then the term “Benchmark” means the 
applicable Benchmark Replacement); 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set out in the order below that 
can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as at the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(A) 
the sum of: (1) the alternative rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark and (2) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(B) 
the sum of: (1) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (2) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or 
(C) 
the sum of: (1) the alternative rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer 
or its designee as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar denominated floating rate notes at such 
time and (2) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set out in the order 
below that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as at the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(A) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), or 
method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(B) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(C) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that 
has been selected by the Issuer or its designee giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with 
the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar denominated 
floating rate notes at such time; 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including changes to the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of 
determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding amounts or tenors, and 
other administrative matters) that the Issuer or its designee decides may be appropriate

--- Page 156 ---
153 
to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially 
consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer or its designee decides that adoption of 
any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer or its 
designee determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement 
exists, in such other manner as the Issuer or its designee determines is reasonably 
necessary); 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component 
used in the calculation thereof): 
(A) 
in the case of paragraph (A) or (B) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition 
Event”, the later of (1) the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein and (2) the date on which the administrator of the 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or 
(B) 
in the case of paragraph (C) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event”, 
the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date 
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred 
prior to the Reference Time for such determination; 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof): 
(A) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
(B) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the 
currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark 
(or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), which 
states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or 
will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or 
(C) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative;

--- Page 157 ---
154 
“designee” means an affiliate or any other agent of the Issuer;  
“ISDA Definitions” has the meaning given to it in “—Certain Definitions”;  
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive 
or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the 
ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with 
respect to the Benchmark;  
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index 
cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the 
applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment;  
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (A) if the 
Benchmark is SOFR, 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) or such other time as is reasonably 
agreed between the Issuer or its designee and the Calculation Agent and (B) if the 
Benchmark is not SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer or its designee in accordance 
with the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes;  
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the 
Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor 
thereto; and 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(v) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of an 
Interest Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where 
Screen Rate Determination is so specified as applicable) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where 
ISDA Determination is so specified as applicable), one of which shall be determined as if the Applicable 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, provided 
however, that if there is no such rate available for the period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, 
next longer, then the Issuer shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it 
determines appropriate. 
Margin, Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Margin (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more Interest 
Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the 
specified Interest Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with provision “—Interest” above by 
adding (if a positive number) or subtracting (if a negative number) the absolute value of such Margin specified 
on the Notes, subject always to the next paragraph. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall in no event be less than such Minimum Rate of Interest and/or if it specifies 
a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall in 
no event be greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest.

--- Page 158 ---
155 
The interest rate on Floating Rate Notes will in no event be higher than the maximum rate permitted by New 
York law, as the same may be modified, or other applicable law. 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this subsection, whether by the Paying Agent 
or the Calculation Agent or the Trustee, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Trustee, any other paying agents and all 
holders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer or the Noteholders shall attach to the Paying 
Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Trustee in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by them of their 
powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions.  
Calculations and Rounding 
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any Interest Period shall be 
equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, and 
the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Period, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is 
applicable to such Interest Period, in which case the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in 
respect of such Note for such Interest Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance 
with such formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Periods, the amount of interest 
payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts 
payable in respect of each of those Interest Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest is required 
to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for 
which interest is required to be calculated.  
For the purposes of any required calculations in the terms and conditions of the Notes, (unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms), (i) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 of a percentage point 
being rounded up); (ii) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (provided that if the eighth 
significant figure is a five or greater, the seventh significant figure shall be rounded up); and (iii) all currency 
amounts which fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with half a unit being 
rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these purposes, “unit” 
means the lowest amount of such currency which is available as legal tender in the countries of such currency.  
Determination and Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on each Interest Determination Date, or (if applicable) Reset 
Determination Date or such other time on such date as it may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain 
any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts 
for the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period, calculate the final redemption amount, early redemption amount, 
optional redemption amount or Clean-up Call Option Amount, obtain such quotation or make such 
determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for 
each Interest Period or Reset Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and/or Resettable Note Interest 
Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the final redemption amount, early redemption amount, optional 
redemption amount or Clean-up Call Option Amount to be notified to the Issuer, the Trustee, each of the Paying 
Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further 
calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of 
such exchange or other relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant authority as soon as 
possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period 
or Reset Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where

--- Page 159 ---
156 
any date is subject to adjustment pursuant to “—Business Day Convention”, the Interest Amounts and the 
Interest Payment Date or Resettable Note Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended 
(or appropriate alternative arrangements made with the consent of the Trustee by way of adjustment) without 
notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period or Reset Period.  
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with provisions “—Non-Restricted Events of Default”, “—
Restricted Events of Default” and/or “—Enforcement”, as applicable, the accrued interest and the Rate of 
Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall, subject in the case of each of the SONIA Compounded Index 
Rate, the SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate, the SOFR Compounded Index Rate, and the SOFR 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate to “—Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing 
Compounded SONIA” or “—Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded 
SOFR”, as applicable, nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with provision “—
Interest” and the Indenture, but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need 
be made, unless the Trustee otherwise requires. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each 
quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence 
of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
Business Day Convention 
If any Interest Payment Date which is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with a business day convention would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if 
the business day convention specified in the applicable Final Terms is:  
(i) 
the “Floating Rate Business Day Convention”, such date shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date 
shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been subject 
to adjustment;  
(ii) 
the “Following Business Day Convention”, such date shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day;  
(iii) 
the “Modified Following Business Day Convention”, such date shall be postponed to the next day which 
is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or  
(iv) 
the “Preceding Business Day Convention”, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Note, the Interest Basis of which is specified to be zero coupon (a “Zero Coupon Note”), is repayable 
prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date 
shall be the early redemption amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any 
overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortization 
Yield (as described in “—Early Redemption Amounts – Zero Coupon Notes”. 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon due presentation, 
payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (both before and 
after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in provision “—Interest” to the Relevant Date.

--- Page 160 ---
157 
Calculation Agents 
If for any reason the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails 
duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or Reset Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, 
early redemption amount, final redemption amount, optional redemption amount or Clean-up Call Option 
Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirements, the Issuer will appoint a leading bank 
or financial institution engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter 
index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the 
Calculation Agent (acting through its principal New York office or any other office actively involved in such 
market) to act as such in its place.  
Benchmark Discontinuation 
If (i) the Original Reference Rate is not SOFR and (ii) a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Original 
Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by 
reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply (with effect from 30 days 
prior to the first date when such determination is necessary). 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, to consult with the Issuer in determining a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in 
accordance with “—Successor Rate or Alternative Rate”) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread and any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with “—Benchmark Amendments”). 
In making such determination, the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this provision and the Issuer shall 
act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Issuer and 
the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the 
Paying Agents or the Noteholders, as applicable, for any determination made by the Issuer and/or for any advice 
given to the Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this provision. 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Issuer fails to determine a Successor 
Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this provision prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall (subject as 
provided below) be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the 
immediately preceding Interest Period. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest 
shall be the Initial Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate 
of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the 
relevant next succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this provision “—Independent Adviser”. 
For the purposes of this provision “—Benchmark Discontinuation” only, in respect of any Resettable Notes, 
references to (i) Interest Determination Date shall be read as references to Reset Determination Date, (ii) Interest 
Period shall be read as references to Reset Period and (iii) Interest Payment Date shall be read as references to 
Resettable Note Reset Date.  
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines that:

--- Page 161 ---
158 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation 
of this provision; or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate and the 
applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest 
on the Notes (subject to the operation of this provision). 
Adjustment Spread 
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment Spread) shall be applied 
to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread is determined 
in accordance with this provision and the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines (i) that amendments to the terms and 
conditions of the Notes and/or the Indenture are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the 
“Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject 
to giving notice thereof in accordance with provision “—Notices, etc.” without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of Noteholders, vary the terms and conditions of the Notes and/or of the Indenture to give effect to 
such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice.  
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee of an officer’s certificate pursuant to provision 
“—Notices, etc.”, the Trustee shall (at the expense of the Issuer), without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the Noteholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Amendments 
(including, inter alia, by the execution of a supplemental indenture to or amending the Indenture), provided that 
the Trustee shall not be obliged so to concur if in the opinion of the Trustee doing so would impose more 
onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend 
the protective provisions afforded to the Trustee in the Indenture (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
supplemental indenture) in any way. 
The Calculation Agent or any Paying Agent is not obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark 
Amendments which, in the sole opinion of the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may 
be, would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or 
liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying 
Agent (as applicable). 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this provision “—Benchmark Discontinuation”, the 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading. 
Notwithstanding any other provision, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate will be adopted, nor will the 
applicable Adjustment Spread be applied, nor will any Benchmark Amendments be made, if and to the extent 
that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the then current or 
future qualification of the Notes as (i) own funds and eligible liabilities or loss absorbing capacity instruments 
for the purposes of the Relevant Regulator or by the Loss Absorption Regulations, in the case of Senior Notes 
that are Loss Absorption Notes, or further, in the case of Senior Notes that are Loss Absorption Notes, could 
reasonably be expected to result in the Relevant Regulator treating the next Interest Payment Date or Reset Date

--- Page 162 ---
159 
as the effective maturity date of the relevant Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date, and (ii) Tier 2 Capital, 
in the case of Subordinated Notes. 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments determined under this provision will be notified at least 10 business days prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date by the Issuer to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, promptly 
thereafter in accordance with the Section “Notices and Communications” of the Indenture, the Noteholders. 
Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
No later than notifying the Noteholders of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee an officer’s certificate: 
(i) 
confirming (a) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (b) the Successor Rate or, as the case may be, the 
Alternative Rate, (c) the applicable Adjustment Spread and (d) the specific terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any), in each case as determined in accordance with this provision; and 
(ii) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence 
thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments 
(if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of 
the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) 
and without prejudice to the Trustee’s ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, 
the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
Survival of Original Reference Rate  
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under the provisions of this section “—Benchmark 
Discontinuation”, the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in “Interest—Interest 
on Resettable Notes” and “—Interest—Interest on Floating Rate Notes”, as applicable, will continue to apply 
unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
Additional Notes  
The Issuer may issue additional notes of a series having identical terms to that of a prior series of notes of the 
same series but for the Original Issue Date, the first interest payment date, initial interest accrual date and the 
offering price (“Additional Notes”). For issuances of additional Notes that will be consolidated and form one 
series with the Notes of previous issuance, such issuances need not the consent of any Noteholder (however, in 
the case of Subordinated Notes, such reopening may subject to Supervisory Permission, if required). The Final 
Terms relating to any Additional Notes will set forth matters related to such issuance, including identifying the 
prior series of notes, their Original Issue Date and the aggregate principal amount of notes then comprising such 
series. 
Payment of Additional Amounts  
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes by the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and 
without deduction or withholding for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by Ireland or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, unless such deduction or withholding is required by law. In such event, the Issuer shall (i) in the 
case of Subordinated Notes or Loss Absorption Notes, in respect of payments of interest (but not principal or 
any other amount) or (ii) in the case of Senior Notes other than Loss Absorption Notes, in respect of all payments 
of principal and interest, pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders of such

--- Page 163 ---
160 
amounts as would have been received by them had no such deduction or withholding been required, except that 
no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note: 
(i) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder or beneficial owner of such Note who is liable to such 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note by reason of his having some 
connection with Ireland, other than the mere holding of such Note or the receipt of the relevant payment 
in respect thereof; or 
(ii) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date, except to the extent that the holder 
thereof would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting the same for payment on such 
30th day; or 
(iii) 
presented by, or by a third party on behalf of, a holder or beneficial owner of such Note who could 
lawfully avoid (but has not so avoided) such deduction or withholding by complying or procuring that 
any third party complies with any statutory requirements or by making or procuring that any third party 
makes a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption to any tax authority in the 
place where the relevant Note is presented for payment. 
References in this provision to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the 
Notes, all final redemption amounts, early redemption amounts, optional redemption amounts, Clean-up Call 
Option Amounts, amortized face amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to 
provision “—Redemption, Repurchase, Substitution and Variation” or any amendment or supplement to it, 
(ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to “—
Interest” or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be deemed to include 
any additional amounts which may be payable under this provision or any undertaking given in addition to or 
in substitution for it under the Indenture. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any amounts to be paid on the Notes will be subject in all cases to any withholding 
or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any regulations thereunder or official interpretations 
thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement between the United States and Ireland facilitating the 
implementation thereof (or any law implementing such an intergovernmental agreement). Any such amounts 
withheld or deducted will be treated as paid for all purposes under the Notes, and no additional amounts will 
be paid on the Notes with respect to any such withholding or deduction. 
Redemption, Repurchase, Substitution and Variation 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled or (as provided below) substituted, each Note will be 
redeemed at its final redemption amount (which, unless otherwise provided, is its nominal amount) in the 
relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date.  
Redemption for Tax Reasons 
If, as a result of any amendment to, or change in, the laws or regulations of Ireland or any political subdivision 
thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax or in the officially published 
application or interpretation or administration of any such laws or regulations which becomes effective on or 
after the Issue Date,  
(i) 
the Issuer would, on the occasion of the next payment date in respect of the Notes, be required to pay 
additional amounts as provided in provision “—Payment of Additional Amounts”; or

--- Page 164 ---
161 
(ii) 
in respect of Subordinated Notes only, any relief from tax in respect of interest paid on the Notes would 
be withdrawn by Ireland; or  
(iii) 
in respect of Subordinated Notes only, any payment of interest would be treated as a distribution by 
Ireland  
(each, a “Tax Event”),  
the Issuer may, at its sole discretion, on any Interest Payment Date (if the Note is a Floating Rate Note) or at 
any time (if the Note is not a Floating Rate Note) on giving not more than 45 nor less than 30 days’ notice to 
the Noteholders in accordance with the notice requirements contained in the Indenture (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) and subject to “—Preconditions to Redemption and Purchase of Subordinated Notes” or “—
Preconditions to Redemption, Purchase, Substitution or Variation of Loss Absorption Notes”, as applicable, 
redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their early redemption amount as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption.  
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this provision, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Trustee an officer’s certificate stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a 
statement of the facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred. 
The Trustee shall be entitled to accept such certificate without further inquiry as sufficient evidence of the 
satisfaction of the conditions precedent referred to above, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on 
the Trustee and the Noteholders. 
Redemption at Issuer’s Option 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes of a series will be redeemable at the Issuer’s option (but 
subject, in the case of Subordinated Notes, to compliance with “—Preconditions to Redemption and Purchase 
of Subordinated Notes” or, in the case of Loss Absorption Notes, to compliance with “—Preconditions to 
Redemption, Purchase, Substitution or Variation of Loss Absorption Notes”) prior to the Maturity Date.  
If so specified, and subject to the terms set forth in the applicable Final Terms and the provisions stated in the 
paragraph above relating to Subordinated Notes and Loss Absorption Notes, the Issuer may, at its sole 
discretion, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such 
other notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) redeem all (or, if so provided, some) of 
the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their optional redemption amount together with interest accrued to 
the date fixed for redemption. Any such redemption must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to 
the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the applicable Final Terms and no greater than 
the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed so specified.  
All Notes in respect of which any such notice of early redemption is given shall be redeemed on the date of 
early redemption specified in such notice in accordance with this provision “—Redemption, Repurchase, 
Substitution and Variation”. 
Clean-up Call Option 
If (i) Clean-up Call Option is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and (ii) the Clean-up 
Call Minimum Percentage (or more) of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes originally issued has been 
redeemed or repurchased and subsequently cancelled, the Issuer may, at its sole discretion, from (and including) 
the Clean-up Call Effective Date (but subject, in the case of Subordinated Notes, to compliance with “—
Preconditions to Redemption and Purchase of Subordinated Notes” or, in the case of Loss Absorption Notes, to 
compliance with “—Preconditions to Redemption, Purchase, Substitution or Variation of Loss Absorption 
Notes”), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other

--- Page 165 ---
162 
notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes 
then outstanding at the Clean-up Call Option Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms together with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant date fixed for redemption.  
For the purposes of this provision, any additional notes issued pursuant to “—Additional Notes” so as to be 
consolidated and form a single series with the Notes outstanding at that time will be deemed to have been 
originally issued. 
For the purposes of this provision, “Clean-up Call Effective Date” means (i) in the case of Senior Notes, the 
Issue Date of the first tranche of the Notes and (ii) in the case of Subordinated Notes, the date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or such earlier date as may be permitted under the Applicable Regulatory Capital 
Requirements from time to time. 
Capital Disqualification Event Redemption of Subordinated Notes 
This provision “—Capital Disqualification Event Redemption of Subordinated Notes” applies only to 
Subordinated Notes. 
Subject to compliance with “—Preconditions to Redemption and Purchase of Subordinated Notes”, the Issuer 
may, in its sole discretion, if a Capital Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing with respect to a 
series of Subordinated Notes, having given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with the Section “Notices 
and Communications” of the Indenture; and 
(ii) 
prior notice to the Trustee before the giving of the notice referred to in (i),  
(which notices shall be irrevocable) redeem at any time (if such Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any 
Interest Payment Date (if such Note is a Floating Rate Note) all (but not some only) of the Notes then 
outstanding at any time at their early redemption amount specified in the applicable Final Terms together with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant date fixed for redemption. 
Loss Absorption Disqualification Event Redemption of Loss Absorption Notes 
This provision “—Loss Absorption Disqualification Event Redemption of Loss Absorption Notes” applies only 
to Notes where “Loss Absorption Disqualification Event” is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Subject to compliance with “—Preconditions to Redemption, Purchase, Substitution or Variation of Loss 
Absorption Notes”, if the Issuer determines that a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event has occurred and is 
continuing with respect to a relevant series of Notes, the Issuer may, in its sole discretion, redeem all (but not 
some only) of the Notes of such series at any time (if such Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest 
Payment Date (if such Note is a Floating Rate Note) at their early redemption amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant date fixed for redemption, on giving 
not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice in accordance with the notice requirements contained in the 
Indenture (which notice shall be irrevocable). 
Prior to the publication of any notice of early redemption pursuant to this provision, the Issuer shall deliver to 
the Trustee an officer’s certificate stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a 
statement of the facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred. 
The Trustee shall be entitled to accept such certificate without further inquiry as sufficient evidence of the 
satisfaction of the relevant conditions precedent, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Trustee 
and the Noteholders.

--- Page 166 ---
163 
Repayment at the Option of the Noteholders 
This provision “—Repayment at the Option of the Noteholders” does not apply to Subordinated Notes. 
If “Put Option” is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of 
any Noteholder, upon such holder of such Note giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the 
Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) redeem such Note on the 
optional redemption date at its optional redemption amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption. Any repayment in part will be by increments of the minimum denomination for such Notes as 
specified Final Terms (provided that any remaining principal amount thereof shall be at least to such minimum 
denomination). Unless otherwise specified pursuant in the Final Terms, the repayment price for any Note to be 
repaid means an amount equal to the sum of the unpaid principal amount thereof for the portion thereof, plus 
accrued interest to the date of repayment. 
Except as otherwise specified in the final terms, exercise of the repayment option pursuant to this section is 
irrevocable.  
Early Redemption Amounts – Zero Coupon Notes 
The early redemption amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, upon redemption of such Note 
pursuant to provisions “—Redemption for Tax Reasons”, “—Capital Disqualification Event Redemption of 
Subordinated Notes” or “—Loss Absorption Disqualification Event Redemption of Notes”, as applicable, or 
upon it becoming due and payable as a result of the occurrence of any Event of Default shall be the “Amortized 
Face Amount” (calculated as provided below) of such Note unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Subject to the provisions in the paragraph below, the Amortized Face Amount of any such Note shall be the 
scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortization Yield (which, if none is shown in the Indenture, the 
applicable Final Terms for any particular series or in the Notes of any particular series, shall be such rate as 
would produce an Amortized Face Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were discounted back 
to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually. 
If the early redemption amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption pursuant to provisions 
“—Redemption for Tax Reasons”, “—Capital Disqualification Event Redemption of Subordinated Notes” or 
“—Loss Absorption Disqualification Event Redemption of Notes”, as applicable, or upon it becoming due and 
payable as a result of the occurrence of any Event of Default is not paid when due, the early redemption amount 
due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortized Face Amount of such Note as described in the 
paragraph above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the Note becomes 
due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortized Face Amount in accordance with 
this provision shall continue to be made (both before and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the 
Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the 
scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest that may 
accrue in accordance with provision “—Interest—Zero Coupon Notes”. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on the basis of the Day 
Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Early Redemption Amounts – Other Notes 
The early redemption amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes described in provision “—Early 
Redemption Amounts – Zero Coupon Notes”), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to provisions “—
Redemption for Tax Reasons”, “—Capital Disqualification Event Redemption of Subordinated Notes” or “—
Loss Absorption Disqualification Event Redemption of Notes” or upon it becoming due and payable as a result

--- Page 167 ---
164 
of the occurrence of any Event of Default, shall be the final redemption amount unless otherwise specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Selection of Notes for Partial Redemption 
If less than all the Notes of any series are to be redeemed, the Trustee will select Notes for redemption in 
compliance with the requirements of the principal securities exchange, if any, on which that series of Notes is 
listed and in compliance with the requirements of the depositary for such Notes, or if such Notes are not so 
listed or such exchange prescribes no method of selection and the depositary for such Notes prescribes no 
method of selection, on a pro rata basis (which may include the use of a pool factor, subject to the minimum 
denomination requirements applicable to such Notes), and the Trustee will not be liable for any selections made 
by it in accordance with this provision. 
Repurchase 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may (subject, in the case of Subordinated Notes, to compliance with “—
Preconditions to Redemption and Purchase of Subordinated Notes” and Applicable Regulatory Capital 
Requirements or, in the case of Loss Absorption Notes, to compliance with “—Preconditions to Redemption, 
Purchase, Substitution or Variation of Loss Absorption Notes” and applicable Loss Absorption Regulations) 
purchase (or otherwise acquire), or procure others to purchase (or otherwise acquire) beneficially for its account, 
Notes in any manner and at any price.  
Preconditions to Redemption and Purchase of Subordinated Notes 
Any redemption or purchase of Subordinated Notes in accordance with any applicable subsection of this section 
“—Redemption, Repurchase, Substitution and Variation” is subject to: 
(i) 
the Issuer obtaining prior Supervisory Permission for such redemption or purchase (as the case may be); 
(ii) 
in the case of any redemption or purchase, save as specified in (v)(a) below, either: (a) the Issuer having 
replaced the Subordinated Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are 
sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer; or (b) the Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction 
of the Relevant Regulator that the own funds and eligible liabilities of the Issuer would, following such 
redemption or purchase, exceed its minimum applicable capital requirements (including any applicable 
buffer requirements) by a margin (calculated in accordance with prevailing Applicable Regulatory 
Capital Requirements) that the Relevant Regulator considers necessary at such time; and 
(iii) 
in the case of any redemption prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date, upon the occurrence of a 
Tax Event, the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that the change in 
tax treatment is material and was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date; 
(iv) 
in the case of any redemption prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date upon the occurrence of a 
Capital Disqualification Event, the Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant 
Regulator that the relevant change in the regulatory classification of the Notes was not reasonably 
foreseeable as at the Issue Date; and  
(v) 
in the case of any purchase prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date pursuant to “—Repurchase”, 
either (a) the Issuer having, before or at the same time as such purchase, replaced the Notes with own 
funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the 
Issuer, and the Relevant Regulator having permitted such action on the basis of the determination that it 
would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by exceptional circumstances or (b) 
the relevant Notes are being purchased for market-making purposes in accordance with the Applicable 
Regulatory Capital Requirements.

--- Page 168 ---
165 
Any refusal by the Relevant Regulator to give its Supervisory Permission as contemplated above shall not 
constitute a default for any purpose. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, at the time of any redemption or purchase, the Applicable Regulatory Capital 
Requirements permit a repayment or purchase only after compliance with one or more additional or alternative 
preconditions to those set out above in this provision, the Issuer shall comply with such additional and/or, as 
appropriate, alternative precondition(s). 
In addition, in the case of a redemption occurring in respect of a Tax Event pursuant to provision “—Redemption 
for Tax Reasons”, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a copy of an opinion of an independent nationally 
recognized law firm or other tax advisor in Ireland experienced in such matters that a Tax Event has occurred 
and is continuing. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of early redemption pursuant to this provision (other than redemption 
pursuant to provision “—Redemption at Issuer’s Option”), the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee an officer’s 
certificate stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of the facts 
showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and the Trustee shall 
be entitled to accept such certificate without further inquiry as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the 
conditions precedent referred to above, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Trustee and the 
Noteholders. 
Preconditions to Redemption, Purchase, Substitution or Variation of Loss Absorption Notes 
Any redemption, purchase, substitution or variation of Loss Absorption Notes in accordance with any applicable 
subsection of this section “—Redemption, Repurchase, Substitution and Variation” is subject to (in each case 
to the extent, and in the manner, required by the Relevant Regulator and the Loss Absorption Regulations):  
(i) 
the Issuer giving notice to the Relevant Regulator and the Relevant Regulator granting permission to 
redeem, purchase or modify the relevant Loss Absorption Notes; and/or  
(ii) 
the Issuer, before or at the same time as any redemption or purchase, replaces the relevant Loss 
Absorption Notes with own funds or eligible liabilities instruments of equal or higher quality at terms 
that are sustainable for the income capacity of the institution; and/or 
(iii) 
the Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that the own funds and 
eligible liabilities of the Issuer would, following any such redemption or purchase of the Loss Absorption 
Notes, exceed the requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities laid down in the Loss Absorption 
Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Regulator considers necessary; and/or 
(iv) 
the Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that the partial or full 
replacement of the Notes is necessary to ensure compliance with the own funds requirements laid down 
in the Loss Absorption Regulations for continuing authorisation; and/or  
(v) 
compliance with any alternative or additional pre-conditions to such redemption, purchase or 
modification as may be required by the Relevant Regulator or the Loss Absorption Regulations at such 
time. 
Substitution and Variation  
This provision “—Substitution and Variation” applies only to series of Notes if “Substitution and Variation” is 
specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
If:

--- Page 169 ---
166 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where “Loss Absorption Disqualification Event” is specified as being applicable in 
applicable Final Terms, a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event or  
(ii) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, a Capital Disqualification Event or a Tax Event  
has occurred and is continuing, the Issuer (in its sole discretion but subject to this provision), having given (A) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with the notice requirements 
contained in the Indenture and (B) prior notice to the Trustee before the giving of the notice referred to in (A) 
and having delivered to the Trustee the certificate referred to in the definition of “Loss Absorption Compliant 
Notes” or “Tier 2 Compliant Notes”, as the case may be (which notices shall be irrevocable), may, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, either substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes 
for, or vary the terms of the Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Loss Absorption Compliant 
Notes, in the case of Loss Absorption Notes, or Tier 2 Compliant Notes, in the case of Subordinated Notes. 
Upon the expiry of the notice referred to in (A) above, the Issuer shall either vary the terms of or, as the case 
may be, substitute the Notes in accordance with this provision and, subject as set out in this provision, the 
Trustee shall agree to such substitution or variation.  
In connection with any substitution or variation in accordance with this provision, the Issuer shall comply with 
the rules of any stock exchange on which such Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
Any substitution or variation in accordance with this provision is subject to the following conditions: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall have obtained (A) in the case of Senior Notes, the permission from the Relevant 
Regulator (if then required by the Relevant Regulator or by the Loss Absorption Regulations at such 
time) or (B) in the case of Subordinated Notes, the prior Supervisory Permission therefor from the 
Relevant Regulator (if then required by the Relevant Regulator or by the Applicable Regulatory Capital 
Requirements); 
(ii) 
such substitution or variation must be permitted by, and conducted in accordance with, any other 
applicable requirement of the Relevant Regulator or under the Loss Absorption Regulations at such time, 
in the case of the Loss Absorption Notes, or the Applicable Regulatory Capital Requirements, in the case 
of Subordinated Notes; 
(iii) 
such substitution or variation shall not result in any event or circumstance which at or around that time 
gives the Issuer a redemption right in respect of the Notes; and 
(iv) 
prior to the publication of any notice of substitution or variation pursuant to this provision, the Issuer 
shall have delivered to the Trustee an officer’s certificate stating that the Loss Absorption 
Disqualification Event, the Capital Disqualification Event or Tax Event, as applicable, giving rise to the 
right to substitute or vary the Notes has occurred and is continuing as at the date of the certificate, that 
all conditions set out above in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) have been satisfied and the Trustee shall be entitled 
to accept such certificate without any further inquiry as sufficient evidence thereof, in which event it 
shall be conclusive and binding on the Trustee and the Noteholders. 
The Trustee shall, subject to the Issuer’s compliance with the foregoing conditions and the provision of the 
certificates signed by two Authorized Signatories of the Issuer and at the expense and cost of the Issuer, use its 
reasonable endeavours to assist the Issuer in any substitution or variation of Notes pursuant to this provision, 
except that the Trustee shall not be obliged to assist in any such substitution or variation if either such 
substitution or variation itself or the terms of the proposed Loss Absorption Compliant Notes or Tier 2 
Compliant Notes would impose, in the Trustee’s opinion, more onerous obligations upon it or require the 
Trustee to incur any liability for which it is not indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction.

--- Page 170 ---
167 
Agreement with Respect to the Exercise of Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
Notwithstanding, and to the exclusion of, any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, arrangements 
or understanding between the Issuer and the Trustee or any Noteholder, the Trustee and, by its acquisition of 
any Note, each Noteholder (which for the purposes of this provision, includes each holder of a beneficial interest 
in the Notes) acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising under the Notes may be subject to the exercise 
of Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority and acknowledges, accepts, 
consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(i) 
the effect of the exercise of any Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, which exercise (without limitation) may include and result in any of the following, or a 
combination thereof: 
a. 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; 
b. the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes into shares, 
other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, and the issue to or conferral on 
the holder of such shares, securities or obligations, including by means of an amendment, 
modification or variation of the terms of the Notes; 
c. 
the cancellation of the Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect thereof; and 
d. the amendment or alteration of the Maturity Date of the Notes or amendment of the amount of 
interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which interest becomes payable, including by 
suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(ii) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes as deemed necessary by the Relevant Resolution Authority, to 
give effect to the exercise of any Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority. 
No repayment or payment of Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes will become due and payable or be paid 
after the exercise of any Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority if and to 
the extent such amounts have been reduced, converted, cancelled, amended or altered as a result of such 
exercise. 
Neither a reduction or cancellation, in part or in full, of the Relevant Amounts, the conversion thereof into 
another security or obligation of the Issuer or another person, as a result of the exercise of the Irish Statutory 
Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer, nor the exercise of the 
Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes will be 
an event of default. 
Upon the exercise of the Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority with 
respect to the Notes, the Issuer will (i) provide a written notice to the Noteholder in accordance with the notice 
requirements contained in the Indenture as soon as practicable regarding such exercise of the Irish Statutory 
Loss Absorption Powers; and (ii) deliver a copy of such notice to the Trustee for information purposes; 
provided, however, any failure by the Issuer to give such notice will not affect the effectiveness of, or otherwise 
invalidate, any exercise of the Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority 
pursuant to this provision or give Noteholders any rights as a result of either such failure.  
For a discussion of certain risk factors relating to the Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers, see “Risk 
Factors—Risks Related to the Issuance of the Notes”.

--- Page 171 ---
168 
Non-Restricted Events of Default 
This provision “—Non-Restricted Events of Default” shall apply to each series of Senior Notes unless 
“Restricted Events of Default” is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms (in which case the 
provision below “—Restricted Events of Default” shall apply). This provision “—Non-Restricted Events of 
Default” is not applicable to Subordinated Notes or Loss Absorption Notes (which are instead subject to the 
provision “—Restricted Events of Default”). 
If any of the following events (“Non-Restricted Events of Default”) occurs and is continuing, the Trustee, at 
its discretion may, and if so requested by Noteholders of not less than 20% in principal amount of the 
Outstanding Notes of that series shall (subject, in each case, to being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-
funded to its satisfaction), give written notice to the Issuer that the Notes are, and they shall immediately 
become, due and repayable at their early redemption amount together (if applicable) with accrued interest as 
provided in the Indenture:  
(i) 
Non-Payment: default is made for more than 7 days (in the case of principal) or 15 days (in the case of 
any other amount in respect of the Notes) after the due date for payment of interest or principal in respect 
of any of the Notes, provided that it shall not be an Event of Default if the non-payment is due solely to 
administrative error (whether by the Issuer or a bank involved in transferring funds to the Paying Agent) 
and payment is made within 3 business days after notice of that non-payment has been given to the Issuer 
by the Trustee; or 
(ii) 
Breach of Other Obligations: the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its other 
obligations in the Notes or the Indenture (other than a covenant or warranty a default in whose 
performance or whose breach is elsewhere in this provision “—Non-Restricted Events of Default” dealt 
with), which default is not remedied within 60 days after notice of such default has been given to the 
Issuer by the Trustee or to the Issuer and the Trustee by Noteholders of not less than 20% in principal 
amount of the Outstanding Notes of such series, provided however that the Trustee shall be protected in 
withholding such notice if and so long as it determines in good faith that the withholding of such notice 
is in the interest of the Noteholders, and provided further that no such notice to Noteholders shall be 
given until at least 60 days after the occurrence thereof; or 
(iii) 
Insolvency: the Issuer is (or is, or could be, deemed by law or a court to be) insolvent or is unable or 
deemed to be unable to pay its debts (within the meaning of section 570 of the Companies Act 2014 of 
Ireland or Section 28 of the Central Bank Act 1971 of Ireland (as amended)), as the same may be 
amended, modified or re-enacted, or admits in writing its inability to pay its debts as they mature; or 
(iv) 
Winding-up: an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the winding-up of the Issuer, or the 
Issuer ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or substantially all of its business or operations, except 
for the purpose of, and followed by, a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganization, merger or 
consolidation on terms approved in writing by the Trustee or the Noteholders.  
Restricted Events of Default 
The following shall constitute “Restricted Events of Default” with respect to each series of Subordinated 
Notes or each series of Senior Notes which specify “Restricted Events of Default” as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The Trustee shall be bound to take action as referred to in this provision if (i) the Noteholders of not less than 
20% in principal amount of the Outstanding Notes of that series shall have made written request to the Trustee 
to take such action and (ii) it shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. 
(i) 
Non-Payment: If the Issuer does not make payment in respect of the Notes (in the case of any payment 
of principal and/or premium) for a period of 7 days or more after the due date for the same or (in the

--- Page 172 ---
169 
case of any payment of interest) for a period of 15 days or more after a date upon which the payment of 
interest is due (provided that it shall not be a Restricted Event of Default if such non-payment is due 
solely to administrative error (whether by the Issuer or a bank involved in transferring funds to the 
Paying Agent) and payment is made within 3 Business Days after notice of non-payment has been given 
to the Issuer by the Trustee), the Trustee may, subject as provided in provision “—Enforcement”, at its 
discretion, institute proceedings in Ireland (but not elsewhere) for the winding-up of the Issuer but (save 
as provided in clause (ii) below) may take no further action in respect of such default. 
(ii) 
Winding-Up: In the event of a Winding-Up, whether or not instituted by the Trustee pursuant to clause 
(i) above, the Trustee may, subject as provided in provision “—Enforcement”, at its discretion, give 
written notice to the Issuer that the Notes are, and they shall accordingly thereby forthwith become, 
immediately due and repayable at their early redemption amount, plus accrued interest as provided in 
the Indenture. 
(iii) 
Enforcement of Obligations: Without prejudice to clauses (i) and (ii) above, the Trustee may, subject as 
provided in provision “—Enforcement”, at its discretion and without further notice, institute such 
proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce any obligation, condition or provision binding 
on the Issuer under the Notes or the Indenture (other than any obligation for the payment of any principal, 
premium or interest in respect of the Notes), provided that the Issuer shall not as a consequence of such 
proceedings be obliged to pay any sum or sums representing or measured by reference to principal or 
interest in respect of the Notes sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it or any 
damages. 
Enforcement 
This provision “—Enforcement” applies only in respect of Senior Notes for which “Restricted Events of 
Default” is applicable in the applicable Final Terms and Subordinated Notes. 
No Noteholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless the Trustee, having become bound 
so to proceed, fails or is unable to do so within a reasonable period and such failure or inability shall be 
continuing, in which case the Noteholder shall have only such rights against the Issuer as those which the 
Trustee is entitled to exercise pursuant to this provision.  
No Noteholder shall be entitled to institute proceedings for the winding-up of the Issuer, or to prove in any 
Winding-Up of the Issuer, except that if the Trustee, having become bound to proceed against the Issuer as 
aforesaid, fails to do so within a reasonable period and the failure shall be continuing or, being able to prove in 
any Winding-Up of the Issuer, fails to do so, then any such holder may, on giving an indemnity satisfactory to 
the Trustee, institute proceedings for the winding-up in Ireland (but not elsewhere) of the Issuer and/or prove 
in any Winding-Up of the Issuer to the same extent (but not further or otherwise) that the Trustee would have 
been entitled so to do in respect of his Notes.  
No remedy against the Issuer, other than as referred to in this provision, shall be available to the Trustee or the 
Noteholders whether for the recovery of amounts owing in respect of the Notes or under the Indenture or in 
respect of any breach by the Issuer of any of its obligations under the Indenture or the Notes (other than for 
recovery of the Trustee’s remuneration or expenses). 
Collection of Indebtedness and Suits for Enforcement by the Trustee 
This provision “Collection of Indebtedness and Suits for Enforcement by the Trustee” applies only in respect of 
Senior Notes for which “Restricted Events of Default” is not applicable. 
The Issuer covenants that if a non-payment default is made pursuant to provision “—Non-Restricted Events of 
Default—Non-Payment”, the Issuer will, upon demand of the Trustee, pay to it, for the benefit of the such

--- Page 173 ---
170 
Noteholders, the early redemption amount and interest, if any, and interest on any overdue principal (and 
premium, if any) and, to the extent that payment of such interest shall be legally enforceable, interest on any 
overdue interest, at the rate or rates prescribed therefor in such Notes; and additional amounts, if any, and, in 
addition thereto, such further amount as shall be sufficient to cover the costs and expenses of collection, 
including the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and 
counsel.  
If the Issuer fails to pay such amounts forthwith upon such demand, the Trustee, in its own name and as trustee 
of an express trust, may institute a judicial proceeding for the collection of the sums so due and unpaid, may 
prosecute such proceeding to judgment or final decree and may enforce the same against such Issuer and or any 
other obligor upon such Notes and collect the moneys adjudged or decreed to be payable in the manner provided 
by law out of the property of the Issuer or any other obligor upon such Notes, wherever situated. 
If a Non-Restricted Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Trustee may in its discretion proceed to 
protect and enforce its rights and the rights of such Noteholders by such appropriate judicial proceedings as the 
Trustee shall deem most effectual to protect and enforce any such rights, whether for the specific enforcement 
of any covenant or agreement in the Indenture or in aid of the exercise of any power granted herein, or to enforce 
any other legal or equitable right vested in the Trustee by the Indenture or by law.  
Judgment Currency 
If, for the purposes of obtaining a judgment in any court with respect to any obligation of the Issuer under the 
Indenture or under any Note, it shall become necessary to convert into any other currency any amount in the 
currency due hereunder or under such Note, then such conversion shall be made at the Market Exchange Rate 
prevailing on the date of entry of the judgment. 
The Issuer will indemnify any Noteholder and/or the Trustee, as applicable, as a result of any judgment or order 
requiring payment in a currency (the “Judgment Currency”) other than the Specified Currency, and as a result 
of any variation between (i) the rate of exchange at which the Specified Currency amount is converted into the 
Judgment Currency for the purposes of the judgment or order, and (ii) the rate of exchange at which such 
Noteholder, on the date of payment of such judgment or order, is able to purchase the Specified Currency with 
the amount of the Judgment Currency actually receivable by such Noteholder, as the case may be.  
Satisfaction and Discharge 
The satisfaction and discharge provisions described below do not apply to any series of notes unless the Issuer 
has notified the Relevant Regulator or the Relevant Resolution Authority, as the case may be, and, if necessary, 
obtained Relevant Supervisory Permission therefor.  
The Indenture provides that the Issuer will be discharged from its obligations under the Notes of any series 
(with certain exceptions) at any time prior to the stated Maturity Date, or redemption of such notes when 
(1) either (i) all Notes of such series have been delivered to the Trustee for cancellation or (ii) the Issuer has 
deposited with or to the order of the Trustee, in trust, (a) sufficient funds in the currency, currencies, currency 
unit or units in which such notes are payable (without consideration of any reinvestment thereof) to pay the 
principal of (and premium, if any, on) and interest, if any, on such notes to the stated Maturity Date (or 
Redemption Date), or (b) such amount of U.S. Government Obligations (as defined below) as will, together 
with the predetermined and certain income to accrue thereon (without consideration of any reinvestment 
thereof), be sufficient to pay when due the principal of (and premium, if any, on) and interest, if any, to the 
stated Maturity Date (or Redemption Date), on such notes, or, (c) such amount equal to the amount referred to 
in clause (i) or (ii) of this provision “—Satisfaction and Discharge” in any combination of currency or currency 
unit of U.S. Government Obligations; (2) the Issuer has paid all other sums payable with respect to such notes; 
(iii) the Issuer delivered to the Trustee an opinion of counsel to the effect that since the date of the Indenture

--- Page 174 ---
171 
there has been a change in applicable U.S. federal income tax law to the effect that, and based upon which such 
opinion of counsel shall confirm that, such Noteholders or beneficial owners will not recognize income, gain 
or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result of such discharge and will be subject to U.S. federal 
income tax on the same amount and in the same manner and at the same time as would have been the case if 
such discharge had not occurred; and (iv) certain other conditions are met. Upon such discharge, the 
Noteholders of such a series shall no longer be entitled to the benefits of the terms and conditions of the 
Indenture and notes, except for certain provisions including registration of transfer and exchange of such notes 
and replacement of mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen notes of such series, and shall look for payment only to 
such deposited funds or obligations. 
For purposes of this provision “—Satisfaction and Discharge”, “U.S. Government Obligations” means non-
callable (i) direct obligations of the United States for which its full faith and credit are pledged; and/or (ii) 
obligations of a Person controlled or supervised by and acting as an agency or instrumentality of the United 
States, the timely payment of which is unconditionally guaranteed as a full faith and credit obligation of the 
United States in each case with a maturity date of 183 calendar days or less from the date of original issue of 
such U.S. Government Obligations; 
Modification; Supplemental Indentures 
The Indenture contains provisions permitting the Issuer and the Trustee (i) without the consent of the 
Noteholders of any notes issued under the Indenture, to execute supplemental indentures for certain enumerated 
purposes, such as to cure any ambiguity or inconsistency, to make any change that does not have a materially 
adverse effect on the rights of any holder of such notes or to make Benchmark Amendments as provided in the 
provision “—Benchmark Amendments”, and (ii) with the consent of the Noteholders of not less than a majority 
in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Notes of each series of notes issued under the Indenture and 
affected thereby, to execute supplemental indentures for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing in 
any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of the Indenture or of modifying in any manner the rights of 
holders of any such note under the Indenture; provided, that no such supplemental indenture may, without the 
consent of the holder of each such Outstanding Note affected thereby (a) change the stated Maturity Date or the 
principal of or interest on any such note, or reduce the principal amount of any such note or the rate of interest 
thereon, if any, or any premium or principal payable upon redemption thereof, or change any obligation of the 
Issuer’s to pay additional amounts(except as permitted by the Indenture regarding changes without the consent 
of Noteholders) or reduce the amount of the principal of a Note that would be due and payable upon a 
declaration of acceleration of the Maturity thereof, or change any Place of Payment where, or change the 
currency in which, any such note or the interest, if any, thereon is payable, or impair the remedies available to 
Noteholders to enforce the terms of such note; or (b) reduce the percentage in aggregate principal amount of 
the Outstanding Notes of any particular series, the consent of whose holders is required for any such 
supplemental indenture, or the consent of whose holders is required for any waiver (of compliance with certain 
provisions of the Indenture or certain defaults thereunder and their consequences) provided for in the Indenture; 
or (c) change any obligation of the Issuer to maintain an office or agency in the places and for the purposes 
specified in the Indenture; or (d) modify certain of the provisions of the Indenture pertaining to the waiver by 
holders of such notes of past defaults, supplemental indentures with the consent of holders of such notes and 
the waiver by holders of such notes of certain covenants, except to increase any specified percentage in 
aggregate principal amount required for any actions by the Noteholders or to provide that certain other 
provisions of the Indenture cannot be modified or waived without the consent of the holder of each such note 
affected thereby; or (e) in the case of any Subordinated Notes, change, in any manner adverse to the interests 
of the Noteholders of such Outstanding Notes the subordination or ranking provisions of such notes. 
In addition, variations in the terms and conditions of the Subordinated Notes or Loss Absorption Notes of any 
series, or of provisions in the Indenture in respect of any such notes shall only be made following receipt by the

--- Page 175 ---
172 
Issuer of the relevant Supervisory Permission (if any), which may then be required for such variation under the 
Regulatory Capital or Loss Absorption Regulations. 
Waivers 
The Noteholders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Notes of a series 
of notes affected thereby, may on behalf of all the Noteholders of such series waive compliance by the Issuer 
with certain restrictive provisions of the Indenture as pertain to the maintenance of certain agencies by the 
Issuer.  
The Noteholders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Notes of a series of notes may 
waive on behalf of all Noteholders of such series, any past default and its consequences under the Indenture, 
except a default in the payment of the principal of (or premium, if any, on) or interest, if any, on any such note 
of that series or a default.  
In addition to the Issuer’s and the Trustee’s rights to modify and amend the Indenture as described above, 
variations to the terms of the Indenture or the Notes may be made by the Issuer and the Trustee, without the 
further consent of the Noteholders, as required in the circumstances described in provision “—Substitution and 
Variation” in connection with the variation of the notes and to which the Trustee has agreed pursuant to the 
relevant portions of such provision. 
Notices 
Notices to Noteholders will be given by mail to addresses of such holders as they appear in the Notes’ Register 
and in accordance with the notice requirements contained in the Indenture. 
Governing Law 
The Indenture and the Notes shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of 
New York; except that (i) Section 10.1(b) of the Indenture (“Ranking of Subordinated Notes—Status and 
Subordination of Subordinated Notes—Subordination”) (which contains the subordination provisions in respect 
of the Subordinated Notes) and the corresponding subordination and ranking provisions of each series of such 
Subordinated Notes pursuant to the applicable Final Terms and in the terms of such Subordinated Notes; 
(ii) Section 10.1(c) of the Indenture (“Ranking of Subordinated Notes—Status and Subordination of 
Subordinated Notes—No Set-off”) and Section 11.1(b) of the Indenture (“Ranking of Senior Notes—Status of 
Senior Notes—No Set-off”) (which contain waiver of set-off provisions); and (iii) Article XII of the Indenture 
(“Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers”) shall, in each case, be governed by and construed in accordance 
with the laws of Ireland. 
Consent to Service 
The Issuer has designated and appointed Allied Irish Bank plc, New York Branch at 1345 Avenue of the 
Americas, 10th Floor, New York, NY 10105 as its authorized agent upon which process may be served in any 
suit or proceeding arising out of or relating to the Notes or the Indenture which may be instituted in any State 
or Federal court located in the Borough of Manhattan, City of New York, State of New York, and have submitted 
(for the purposes of any such suit or proceeding) to the jurisdiction of any such court in which any such suit or 
proceeding is so instituted. The Issuer has agreed, to the fullest extent that it lawfully may do so, that final 
judgment in any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such a court shall be conclusive and binding upon 
the Issuer and may be enforced in the courts of Ireland (or any other courts to the jurisdiction of which it is 
subject).  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, any actions arising out of or relating to the Notes or the Indenture may be 
instituted by the Issuer, the Trustee or the holder of any note in any competent court in Ireland or such other 
competent jurisdiction, as the case may be.

--- Page 176 ---
173 
Furthermore, in the event that any legal action, suit or proceedings with respect to the waiver of set-off 
provisions described in “—Waiver of set-off” of this Base Prospectus (Section 10.1(c) and Section 11.1(b) of 
the Indenture) and the Irish Statutory Loss Absorption provisions described in “Agreement with Respect to the 
Exercise of Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers” of this Base Prospectus (Article XII of the Indenture) are 
commenced in the courts of Ireland, each Noteholder irrevocably accepts the non-exclusive jurisdiction of such 
courts and waives any objection to the courts of Ireland on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or 
inappropriate forum to settle any such dispute. 
Concerning the Trustee 
The Indenture provides that, except during the continuance of an Event of Default for a series of notes, the 
Trustee will have no obligations other than the performance of such duties and only such duties as are 
specifically set forth in the Indenture and no implied covenants or obligations shall be read into the Indenture 
against the Trustee. If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Trustee shall exercise such of the 
rights and powers vested in it by the Indenture, and use the same degree of care and skill in their exercise as a 
prudent person would exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct of such person’s own affairs.

--- Page 177 ---
174 
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES IN GLOBAL FORM 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms for a particular series of Notes, DTC will act as securities 
depository for the Notes. The following discussion relates solely to DTC and Notes for which it is the securities 
depository. 
Global Notes 
So long as DTC or its nominee is the holder of the Global Notes, any owner of a beneficial interest in the notes 
of a series must rely upon the procedures of DTC and institutions having accounts with DTC to exercise or be 
entitled to any rights of a holder of such Global Notes. See the subsection entitled “—Book-Entry System” for 
a further description of DTC’s procedures. 
Book-Entry System 
The Global Notes will be issued as fully-registered securities registered in the name of Cede (DTC’s partnership 
nominee), unless otherwise specified. No Global Note may be transferred except by DTC to a nominee of DTC 
or by a nominee of DTC to DTC or another nominee of DTC or any successor thereof. 
We have been advised by DTC that upon the deposit of a Global Note with DTC, DTC will immediately credit, 
on its book-entry registration and transfer system, the respective principal amounts of such beneficial interests 
in that Global Note to the accounts of the DTC Participants. The accounts to be credited shall be designated by 
the soliciting Placement Agent or, to the extent that the notes are offered and sold directly, by us. 
We understand that DTC is a limited-purpose trust company organized under the laws of the State of New York, 
a “Banking Organization” within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a member of the Federal Reserve 
System, a “clearing corporation” within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code, and a 
“clearing agency” registered pursuant to the provisions of Section 17A of the Exchange Act. DTC holds 
securities that its participants (“Participants”) deposit with DTC. DTC also facilitates the clearance and 
settlement among Participants of transactions in such securities through electronic book-entry changes in 
Participants’ accounts, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of securities certificates. Direct 
participants (“Direct Participants”) include securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing 
corporations, and certain other organizations. DTC is owned by a number of its Direct Participants and by the 
New York Stock Exchange, Inc., the American Stock Exchange, Inc., and the National Association of Securities 
Dealers, Inc. Access to DTC’s system is also available to others such as securities brokers and dealers, banks 
and trust companies that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Direct Participant, either 
directly or indirectly (“Indirect Participants”). The rules applicable to DTC and its Participants are on file with 
the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Ownership of beneficial interests in a Global Note in respect of a series of notes will be limited to DTC 
Participants, including Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, or persons who hold interests through DTC 
Participants. In addition, ownership of beneficial interests will be evidenced only by, and the transfer of that 
ownership interest will be effected only through, records maintained by DTC or its nominee and DTC 
Participants until such time, if any, as Definitive Notes are issued, as set forth under “Description of the Notes—
Form, Transfer, Exchange and Denomination”. The laws of some states require that certain purchasers of notes 
take physical delivery of such notes in certificated form. Such laws may impair the ability to transfer beneficial 
interests in a Global Note. 
Interests held through Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear will be recorded on DTC’s books as being held 
by the U.S. depositary for each of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, which U.S. depositaries will in turn 
hold interests on behalf of their participants’ customers’ securities accounts.

--- Page 178 ---
175 
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all Global Notes deposited with DTC are registered in the name of DTC’s 
partnership nominee, Cede. DTC has no knowledge of the actual owners of beneficial interests in the Global 
Notes; DTC’s records reflect only the identity of the Direct Participants to whose accounts such beneficial 
interests in Global Notes are credited, which may or may not be the beneficial owners. The Participants will 
remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their customers. 
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to 
Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to beneficial owners will be governed 
by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time 
to time. 
Redemption notices shall be sent to Cede and any subsequent nominee of DTC. If less than all of the notes 
within a series are being redeemed, DTC’s current practice is to determine pro rata or by lot the amount of the 
beneficial interest of each Direct Participant in such issue to be redeemed. 
Principal and interest payments on the Global Notes will be made to DTC as the registered holder of the Global 
Notes. DTC’s practice is to credit Direct Participants’ accounts on the payable date in accordance with their 
respective holdings shown on DTC’s records unless DTC has reason to believe that it will not receive payment 
on the payable date. Payments by Participants to beneficial owners will be governed by standing instructions 
and customary practices, as in the case of securities held for the accounts of customers in bearer form or 
registered in “street name,” and will be the responsibility of such Participant and not of DTC, or us, subject to 
any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. Payment of principal and interest 
to DTC is our responsibility, disbursement of such payments to Direct Participants shall be the responsibility 
of DTC, and disbursement of such payments to the beneficial owners shall be the responsibility of Direct 
Participants and Indirect Participants. 
A beneficial owner shall give notice to elect to have its beneficial interests in the Global Notes purchased or 
tendered, through its Participant, to the Trustee for a series of notes, and shall effect delivery of such beneficial 
interests in the Global Notes by causing the Direct Participant to transfer the Participant’s beneficial interest in 
the Global Notes, on DTC’s records, to the Trustee. 
DTC may discontinue providing its services as securities depositary with respect to the Global Notes at any 
time by giving reasonable notice to us and the Placement Agents. Under such circumstances, in the event that 
a successor securities depositary is not obtained, Definitive Notes in registered form will be printed and 
delivered in exchange for beneficial interests in the Global Notes as described under “Description of the Notes—
Form, Transfer, Exchange and Denomination ”. 
We may decide to discontinue use of the system of book-entry transfers through DTC (or a successor securities 
depositary). In that event, Definitive Notes in registered form will be printed and delivered in exchange for 
beneficial interests in the Global Notes as described under “Description of the Notes—Form, Transfer, 
Exchange and Denomination”. 
The information in this section concerning DTC and DTC’s book-entry system has been obtained from sources 
that we believe to be reliable, but we take no responsibility for the accuracy thereof. 
In no event will Definitive Notes in bearer form representing any series of notes be issued. 
None of us, any Trustee, any paying agent, any registrar for the notes or any Placement Agent will have any 
responsibility or liability for any aspect of DTC’s records or any DTC Participant’s records relating to or 
payments made on account of beneficial ownership interests in a Global Note or for maintaining, supervising 
or reviewing any of DTC’s records or any DTC Participant’s records relating to such beneficial ownership 
interests.

--- Page 179 ---
176 
The Indenture and the notes require that payments in respect of the notes be made in immediately available 
funds. Interests in the notes are expected to trade in DTC’s Same-Day Funds Settlement System, and any 
permitted secondary market trading activity in the notes will be required to be settled in immediately available 
funds. We do not know the effect, if any, of such settlement arrangements on trading activity in the notes or 
interests in the notes. 
Issuance of Definitive Notes 
If (i) DTC notifies us and the Trustee that it is unwilling or unable to continue as holder of the Global Notes or 
if at any time it ceases to be a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act and, in either case, a successor 
holder is not appointed by us within 90 days of such notification or of our becoming aware of such ineligibility, 
(ii) an Event of Default occurs with respect to one or more series of notes, or (iii) we determine in our sole 
discretion (subject to DTC’s procedures) that Definitive Notes of such series will be issued in registered form, 
then in any such case, upon the written request of the holder of the Global Note, the Trustee will issue 
certificated registered notes in the names and in the amounts as specified by the holder of the Global Note. The 
request for Definitive Notes may be made by the holder in the circumstances and subject to the conditions 
described under “Description of the Notes—Form, Transfer, Exchange and Denomination”. 
The exchange of interests in the Global Note for Definitive Notes of a particular series shall be made free of 
any fees of the Trustee to the holder, provided, however, that such person receiving notes in certificated form 
will be obligated to pay or otherwise bear the cost of any tax or other governmental charge as required by the 
Indenture and any cost of insurance, postage, transportation and the like. 
Repayment 
If a note becomes repayable at the option of the holder on a date or dates specified prior to its maturity date, if 
any, and the Trustee is so notified, the Trustee will promptly notify the holder of the Global Note that such note 
has become repayable. In order for the repayment option on any note to be exercised, the owners of beneficial 
interests in the Global Note must instruct the broker or other DTC Participant through which it holds an interest 
in the Global Note to notify the Trustee of its desire to exercise that right to repayment. Different firms have 
different cut-off times for accepting instructions from their customers and, accordingly, each beneficial owner 
should consult the broker or other DTC Participant through which it holds its beneficial interest in a Global 
Note in order to ascertain the cut-off time by which such an instruction must be given in order for timely notice 
to be delivered to the depositary. 
Record Date 
Unless we otherwise instruct the Trustee in writing and subject to the provisions in “Description of the Notes—
Payment of Principal, Premium, if any, and Interest, if any”, for so long as the Global Notes remain in book-
entry only form, the relevant Regular Record Date for each Interest Payment Date will be the close of business 
on the Business Day before the applicable Interest Payment Date. If the Notes are not in book-entry only form, 
the relevant Record Date for each Interest Payment Date will be the close of business on the fifteenth calendar 
day (whether or not a Business Day) before the applicable Interest Payment Date. 
Reports 
The Trustee will send promptly to the applicable holders of the Global Notes any notices, reports and other 
communications from us that are received by the custodian as holder of the Global Notes and that we make 
generally available to holders of the notes.

--- Page 180 ---
177 
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 
The Dealers have in a Dealer Agreement dated 16 September 2022 (the “Dealer Agreement”) agreed with AIB 
a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement 
for any particular purchase will extend to those matters stated under “Description of the Notes” above. 
In the Dealer Agreement, AIB has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with 
the offer and sale of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement may be terminated in relation to all the Dealers or any 
of them by AIB or, in relation to itself, by any Dealer, at any time on giving not less than 15 days’ written notice. 
The Dealers are entitled in certain circumstances to be released and discharged from their obligations under a 
subscription agreement prior to the closing of the issue of the relevant Notes. 
A Dealer may sell Notes it has purchased from the Issuer as principal to certain other dealers less a concession 
equal to all or any portion of the discount received in connection with such purchase. The Dealer may allow, 
and such dealers may re-allow, a discount to certain other dealers. After the initial offering of Notes, the offering 
price (in the case of Notes to be resold at a fixed offering price), the concession and the reallowance may be 
changed. The Notes may also be sold at variable prices. Certain of the Dealers may make a market in the Notes 
after completion of an offering. However, they are under no obligation to do so, and the ability of such Dealers 
to make a market in the Notes may be impacted by changes in any regulatory requirements applicable to the 
marketing, holding and trading of, and issuing quotations with respect to, the Notes. 
The Dealers and their respective affiliates are full service financial institutions engaged in various activities, 
which may include sales and trading, commercial and investment banking, advisory, investment management, 
investment research, principal investment, hedging, market making, brokerage and other financial and non-
financial activities and services. Certain of the Dealers and their respective affiliates have provided, and may in 
the future provide, a variety of these services to the Issuer and to persons and entities with relationships with 
the Issuer, for which they received or will receive customary fees and expenses. Certain of the Dealers may also 
have positions, deals or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and 
reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and 
its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or 
other trading activities. They have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions for 
these transactions. 
In the ordinary course of their various business activities, the Dealers and their respective affiliates, officers, 
directors and employees may purchase, sell or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade securities, 
derivatives, loans, commodities, currencies, credit default swaps and other financial instruments for their own 
account and for the accounts of their customers, and such investment and trading activities may involve or relate 
to assets, securities and/or instruments of the Issuer and its affiliates (directly, as collateral securing other 
obligations or otherwise) and/or persons and entities with relationships with the Issuer and its affiliates. The 
Dealers and/or their affiliates may receive allocations of the Notes (subject to customary closing conditions), 
which could affect future trading of the Notes. If any of the Dealers or their respective affiliates have a lending 
relationship with us, certain of those Dealers or their affiliates routinely hedge, and certain other of those Dealers 
or their respective affiliates may hedge, their credit exposure to us consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, these Dealers and their respective affiliates would hedge such exposure by 
entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short 
positions in our securities, including potentially the Notes offered hereby. Any such credit default swaps or 
short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of the Notes offered hereby. The Dealers and their 
respective affiliates may also communicate independent investment recommendations, market colour or trading 
ideas and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such assets, securities or instruments

--- Page 181 ---
178 
and may at any time hold, or recommend to clients that they should acquire, long and/or short positions in such 
assets, securities and instruments. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meaning given 
to them by Regulation S. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that, 
except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes of any identifiable 
tranche, (i) as part of their distribution at any time, or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of an identifiable tranche of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each Dealer to which it sells any Notes (other than 
resales pursuant to Rule 144A) during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting 
out the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States by the Dealers directly or through their respective 
non-U.S. affiliates or selling agents to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S. The Dealer Agreement 
provides that the Dealers may directly or through their respective U.S. broker-dealer affiliates arrange for the 
offer and resale of Notes within the United States only to QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable tranche of Notes, an offer 
or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer that is not participating in the offering of such Notes 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in 
accordance with Rule 144A.  
It is expected that delivery of the Notes will be made against payment therefor on or about the settlement date, 
which could be more than two business days following the date of pricing of the Notes. Pursuant to Rule 15c6-
1 under the Exchange Act, trades in the secondary market generally are required to settle in two business days, 
unless the parties to any such trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, in an offering of Notes with a 
settlement date that is more than two business days, purchasers who wish to trade Notes prior to three business 
days before settlement will be required to specify an alternate settlement cycle at the time of any such trade to 
prevent a failed settlement. Purchasers of Notes who wish to trade Notes prior to three business days before 
settlement should consult their own advisor. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes 
of this provision, the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.

--- Page 182 ---
179 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes 
of this provision, the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of the UK MiFIR. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within 
the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer and, it has complied and will 
comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes 
in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Ireland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that, it has not offered, sold, placed or underwritten and will not offer, sell, place 
or underwrite the Notes, or do anything in Ireland in respect of the Notes, otherwise than in conformity with 
the provisions of: 
(a) 
the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as amended) and any codes 
or rules of conduct applicable thereunder, Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 (as amended) and any delegated 
or implementing acts adopted thereunder and the provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 1998 (as 
amended); 
(b) 
the Irish Central Bank Acts 1942 – 2018 (as amended) and any codes of practice made under Section 
117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 (as amended);  
(c) 
the Prospectus Regulation, the European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 and any rules and 
guidance issued under Section 1363 of the Companies Act 2014 (as amended), by the Central Bank;  
(d) 
the Market Abuse Regulation (EU 596/2014) (as amended), the European Union (Market Abuse) 
Regulations 2016 (as amended) and any rules and guidance issued under Section 1370 of the Companies 
Act 2014 by the Central Bank; and 
(e) 
the Companies Act 2014 (as amended). 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or

--- Page 183 ---
180 
delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to any Notes be distributed 
in Italy, except, in accordance with any Italian securities, tax and other applicable laws and regulations. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, any 
Notes or distribute any copy of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic 
of Italy (“Italy”) except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended 
(the “Financial Services Act”) and Article 34-ter, paragraph 1, letter (b) of CONSOB regulation No. 
11971 of 14 May 1999 (the “CONSOB Regulation”), all as amended from time to time; or 
(b) 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 
of the of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of the CONSOB Regulation and applicable Italian 
laws, each as amended from time to time. 
In any event, any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any 
other document relating to the Notes in Italy under (a) and (b) above must be: 
(i) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in Italy 
in accordance with the Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the 
“Banking Act”) and CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, all as amended from time to 
time; 
(ii) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended from time to time, and the implementing 
guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may 
request post-offering information on the issue or the offer of securities in Italy; and 
(iii) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations, including any requirement or limitation 
which may be imposed from time to time by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or any other competent 
authority. 
See also “Transfer Restrictions in Italy” below. 
Transfer Restrictions in Italy 
Investors should note that, in accordance with Article 100-bis of the Financial Services Act, where no exemption 
from the rules on public offerings applies under paragraphs (a) and (b) above, the subsequent distribution of the 
Notes on the secondary market in Italy must be made in compliance with the public offer and the prospectus 
requirement rules provided under the Financial Services Act and the CONSOB Regulation. Furthermore, where 
no exemption from the rules on public offerings applies, the Notes which are initially offered and placed in Italy 
or abroad to professional investors only but in the following year are “systematically” distributed on the 
secondary market in Italy become subject to the public offer and the prospectus requirement rules provided 
under the Financial Services Act and CONSOB Regulation. Failure to comply with such rules may result in the 
sale of such Notes being declared null and void and in the liability of the intermediary transferring the financial 
instruments for any damages suffered by purchasers of Notes who are acting outside of the course of their 
business or profession. 
This Base Prospectus and the information contained herein are intended only for the use of its recipient and are 
not to be distributed to any third-party resident or located in Italy for any reason. No person resident or located 
in Italy other than the original recipients of this document may rely on it or its contents.

--- Page 184 ---
181 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No, 25 of 1948, as amended the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). Accordingly, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell 
any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any 
person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to 
others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the 
Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
Canada  
Each Dealer has acknowledged no prospectus has been filed with any securities commission or similar 
regulatory authority in Canada in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes, the Notes have not been, and 
will not be, qualified for sale under the securities laws of Canada or any province or territory thereof and no 
securities commission or similar regulatory authority in Canada has reviewed or in any way passed upon this 
Base Prospectus or the merits of any Notes and any representation to the contrary is an offence. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or distributed and will not offer, sell or 
distribute any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Canada or to any person subject to the securities laws of any 
province or territory of Canada, other than in compliance with applicable securities laws and, without limiting 
the generality of the foregoing,  
(a) 
any offer, sale or distribution of the Notes in Canada will be made only to only to purchasers that are 
“accredited investors” (as such term is defined in section 1.1 of National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus 
Exemptions (“NI 45-106”) or, in Ontario, as such term is defined in section 73.3(1) of the Securities Act 
(Ontario)), that are also “permitted clients” (as such term is defined in section 1.1 of National Instrument 
31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations), that are 
purchasing as principal, or are deemed to be purchasing as principal in accordance with applicable 
Canadian securities laws, and that are not a person created or used solely to purchase or hold the Notes 
as an “accredited investor” as described in paragraph (m) of the definition of “accredited investor” in 
section 1.1 of NI 45-106; 
(b) 
either (I) it is appropriately registered under applicable Canadian securities laws in each relevant 
province or territory to sell and deliver the Notes, (II) such sale and delivery will be made through an 
affiliate of it that is so registered if the affiliate is registered in a category that permits such sale and has 
agreed to make such sale and delivery in compliance with the representations and agreements set out 
herein, or (III) it is relying on an exemption from the dealer registration requirements under applicable 
Canadian securities laws and has complied with the requirements of that exemption; and  
(c) 
it has not and will not distribute or deliver this Base Prospectus, or any other offering material in 
connection with any offering of the Notes, in Canada or to any person subject to the securities laws of 
any province or territory of Canada, other than in compliance with applicable Canadian securities laws. 
Singapore 
 Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been, and will not be, registered as a prospectus in Singapore

--- Page 185 ---
182 
with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or 
sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will 
not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, 
and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other 
document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the 
Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as 
defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time 
to time (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) 
of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and 
in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in 
accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six (6) months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise specified before an offer of 
Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the 
SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and 
Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Hong Kong 
The Notes may not be offered or sold in Hong Kong by means of any document other than (i) in circumstances 
which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the Companies (Winding Up and 
Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Chapter 32 of the laws of Hong Kong) (the “Companies (Winding Up 
and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance”) or which do not constitute an invitation to the public within the 
meaning of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the laws of Hong Kong) (the “Securities and

--- Page 186 ---
183 
Futures Ordinance”), or (ii) to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance and 
any rules made thereunder, or (iii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a 
“prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance, and no 
advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes may be issued or may be in the possession of any 
person for the purpose of issue (in each case whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere), which is directed at, or the 
contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so 
under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be 
disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” in Hong Kong as defined in 
the Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules made thereunder. 
Switzerland 
No Notes may be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss 
Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) and no application has or will be made to admit any Notes to trading on any 
trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
other offering or marketing material relating to any Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to any Notes may be publicly 
distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of AIB and the relevant Dealer(s) following a 
change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Notes, or 
possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any 
country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will (to the best of its knowledge) comply with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or 
distributes this Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms.

--- Page 187 ---
184 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
Rule 144A Notes 
Each purchaser of Restricted Notes within the United States pursuant to Rule 144A, by accepting delivery of 
this Base Prospectus, will be deemed to have represented, agreed and acknowledged that: 
1. 
It is (a) a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A, (b) acquiring such Restricted Notes for its own account, 
or for the account of a QIB and (c) aware, and each beneficial owner of the Restricted Notes has been 
advised, that the sale of the Restricted Notes to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A. 
2. 
It understands that such Restricted Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities 
Act and may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred except (a) in accordance with Rule 
144A to a person that it, and any person acting on its behalf, reasonably believes is a QIB purchasing for 
its own account or for the account of a QIB, (b) in an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 
or Rule 904 of Regulation S or (c) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act 
provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available), in each case in accordance with any applicable securities 
laws of any State of the United States. 
3. 
It understands that such Restricted Notes, unless otherwise agreed between AIB and the Trustee in 
accordance with applicable law, will bear a legend (the “Rule 144A Legend”) to the following effect: 
THIS NOTE IN RESPECT HEREOF HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER 
THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 (THE “SECURITIES ACT”) OR WITH ANY SECURITIES 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED 
STATES AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED 
EXCEPT (1) IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (“RULE 
144A”) TO A PERSON THAT THE HOLDER AND ANY PERSON ACTING ON ITS BEHALF 
REASONABLY BELIEVE IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING 
OF RULE 144A PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A 
QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER, (2) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT OR (3) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144 THEREUNDER (IF AVAILABLE), IN EACH CASE 
IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE 
UNITED STATES. NO REPRESENTATION CAN BE MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF THE 
EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT FOR RESALES OF THIS 
NOTE. 
4. 
AIB, the Registrar, the relevant Dealer(s) and their affiliates, and others will rely upon the truth and 
accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements. If it is acquiring any 
Notes for the account of one or more QIBs, it represents that it has sole investment discretion with 
respect to each of those accounts and that it has full power to make the foregoing acknowledgements, 
representations and agreements on behalf of each such account. 
5. 
It understands that the Restricted Notes offered in reliance on Rule 144A will be represented by the 
Restricted Global Note. Before any interest in the Restricted Global Note may be offered, sold, pledged 
or otherwise transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of an interest in the Unrestricted 
Global Note, it will be required to provide a Transfer Agent with a written certification (in the form 
provided in the Indenture) as to compliance with applicable securities laws.

--- Page 188 ---
185 
Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that sellers of the Notes may be relying on the exemption 
from the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. 
Regulation S Notes 
Each purchaser of Notes outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S and each subsequent purchaser of 
such Notes in resales prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period, by accepting delivery of this 
Base Prospectus and the Notes, will be deemed to have represented, agreed and acknowledged that:  
(1) 
It is, or at the time Notes are purchased will be, the beneficial owner of such Notes and (a) it is not a 
U.S. person and it is located outside the United States (within the meaning of Regulation S), and (b) it 
is not an affiliate of AIB or a person acting on behalf of such an affiliate.  
(2) 
It understands that such Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and that, 
prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period, it will not offer, sell, pledge or otherwise 
transfer such Notes except (a) in accordance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act to a person that it 
and any person acting on its behalf reasonably believe is a QIB purchasing for its own account or the 
account of a QIB, or (b) in an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation 
S, in each case in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States.  
(3) 
AIB, the Registrar, the Managers and their affiliates, and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of 
the foregoing acknowledgments, representations and agreements.  
(4) 
It understands that the Notes offered in reliance on Regulation S will be represented by the Unrestricted 
Global Note. Prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period, before any interest in the 
Unrestricted Global Note may be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred to a person who takes 
delivery in the form of an interest in the Restricted Global Note, it will be required to provide a Transfer 
Agent with a written certification (in the form provided in the Indenture) as to compliance with 
applicable securities laws.

--- Page 189 ---
186 
LEGAL MATTERS 
Certain legal matters in connection with the offering of the Notes have been passed upon for AIB by Linklaters 
LLP, its United States counsel, with respect to matters of U.S. federal law and New York law, and A&L 
Goodbody LLP, with respect to matters of Irish law.  
Certain legal matters in connection with the offering of the Notes have been passed upon for the Dealers by 
Allen & Overy LLP, with respect to matters of U.S. federal law and New York law, and Matheson LLP, with 
respect to matters of Irish law.

--- Page 190 ---
187 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 
The 2023 Half-Yearly Financial Statements, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, have been 
reviewed by PwC, as stated in their report incorporated by reference herein. 
The 2022 Financial Statements and the 2021 Financial Statements, incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus, have been audited by Deloitte Ireland LLP, independent auditors, as stated in their reports 
incorporated by reference herein.

--- Page 191 ---
188 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
Final Terms dated [●] 
AIB Group plc 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 635400AKJBGNS5WNQL34 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the U.S.$10,000,000,000 
Global Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES (ECPS) ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each 
as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes 
is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (the “UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target 
market.] Any [person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”)][distributor] 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended 
“MiFID II”)][MiFID II]; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]

--- Page 192 ---
189 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”)][EUWA]; or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement [Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”)][the Insurance Distribution Directive], where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of [Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK MiFIR”)][the UK MiFIR]. Consequently, no key information 
document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 
2001 of Singapore (as amended, the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies 
all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are [prescribed capital markets 
products][capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products] (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and are [Excluded][Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products.]1 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such in the “Description of the Notes” in the Base Prospectus 
dated 1 September 2023 [and Supplement[s] dated [●]] [which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”)][the Prospectus Regulation]. This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented].]2 Full information 
on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms 
and the Base Prospectus[, as so supplemented]. The Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [and the 
Supplement[s]] are available for inspection at the London office of the Agent and the office of the Issuer and in 
electronic form on the website of the Issuer www.aibgroup.com (access through the “Investor Relations” link)[, 
the website of the Central Bank, www.centralbank.ie (for so long as the Central Bank decides to provide a 
service of publishing such documents on its website) and on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin/bonds/list]. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus (or equivalent) with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such in the “Description of the Notes” in the Base Prospectus 
dated [original date] [and the Supplement[s] dated [●]]. [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”)][the 
Prospectus Regulation] and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 1 September 2023 [and 
the Supplement[s] dated [●]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation, save in respect of the section “Description of the Notes” in the Base Prospectus dated [original 
 
1 
For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to Section 309B 
of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer. 
2 
Delete this statement and any other references to the Prospectus Regulation in these Final Terms in the case of an issuance of unlisted Notes 
and an issuance of Notes which will not be admitted to trading on a regulated market.

--- Page 193 ---
190 
date] [and the Supplement[s] dated [●]]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the [Base Prospectus dated [●]]/[Base 
Prospectuses dated [●] and [●]] [and the Supplement[s] dated [●] and [●]]. The [Base Prospectus dated 
[●]]/[Base Prospectuses dated [●]] [and the Supplement[s] are available for inspection at the London office of 
the Agent and the office of the Issuer.] 
 
1. 
 
Issuer: 
AIB Group plc 
2. 
[(i)] 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
[(ii)] 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
[(iii)] 
Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, form 
a single series and be interchangeable for trading 
purposes with the [insert description of the Series] on 
[insert date/the Issue Date].] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes: 
[●] 
 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[●] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of 
fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
6. 
(i) 
 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] [and integral multiples of [●] in excess thereof up to 
and including [●]. No Notes in definitive form will be 
issued with a denomination above [●]] 
 
(ii)  
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor. Note: 
There must be a common factor in the case of two or 
more Specified Denominations.) 
7. 
(i) 
 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii)  
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[specify/Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest 
[specify month and year]]3 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[●] per cent. Resettable Notes] 
[[SONIA/SOFR/EURIBOR] +/– [●] per cent. Floating 
Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
3 
Minimum maturity is 12 months.

--- Page 194 ---
191 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal amount 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Put (further particulars specified at item 21 below)] 
[Call (further particulars specified at item 19 below)] 
[Clean-up Call (further particulars specified at item 20 
below)] 
13. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior/Subordinated] 
 
[(ii) 
Loss Absorption Note:4 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[(iii) 
Waiver of Set-off:5 
[Applicable – “No Set-off” applies]/[Not Applicable – 
“No Set-off” does not apply]]  
 
[(iv) 
Restricted Events of Default:6 
[Applicable – Restricted Events of Default 
applies]/[Not Applicable – Restricted Events of 
Default does not apply]] 
 
 
[(v)] 
[Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[●] [and [●], respectively]] 
14. 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] on each Interest 
Payment Date 
 
(ii)  
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
 
(iii)  
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv)  
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
 
(v)  
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360/360/360 / Bond Basis] 
[30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
 
(vi)  
Determination Date(s): 
[[●] in each year/Not Applicable] 
 
4 
Senior Notes only. 
5 
Senior Notes only. 
6 
Senior Notes only.

--- Page 195 ---
192 
16. 
Resettable Note provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable annually/semi-
annually/ quarterly/ monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii)  
First Margin: 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(iii)  
Subsequent Margin: 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(iv)  
Resettable Note Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[●] in each year commencing on [●] and ending on [●] 
 
(v)  
First Resettable Note Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(vi)  
Second Resettable Note Reset 
Date: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vii)  
Subsequent Resettable Note 
Reset Date: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(viii)  
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/ Following Business Day 
Convention/ Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(ix)  
Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(x)  
Reset Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate]/[Mean Mid-Swap 
Rate]/[Reference Bond]/[CMT Rate] 
 
(xi)  
CMT Designated Maturity: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xii)  
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(xiii)  
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[●] 
 
(xiv)  
Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xv)  
Fixed Leg Swap Duration: 
[●] 
 
(xvi)  
Benchmark Duration:  
[Fixed Leg Swap Duration/[●]] 
 
(xvii)
Subsequent Reset Rate Time:  
[●] 
 
(xviii)
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA] [Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis] 
[30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
17. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] in each year, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (v) below 
 
(ii)  
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[●] in each year, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (v) below 
 
(iii)  
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●]

--- Page 196 ---
193 
 
(iv)  
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/ Following Business Day 
Convention/ Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(v)  
Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(vi)  
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(vii)  
Calculation Agent: 
[●] 
 
(viii)  
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
[Applicable – Term Rate][Applicable – 
SONIA][Applicable – SOFR] 
 
 
– Reference Rate: 
[SONIA 
Compounded 
Index 
Rate 
/ 
SONIA 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate [with Observation 
Shift] / [with Lag] where “p” is: [specify number] 
London Business Days [being no less than 5 London 
Business Days]] 
[SOFR Compounded Index Rate / SOFR Compounded 
Daily Reference Rate [with Observation Shift] / [with 
Lag] where “p” is: [specify number] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days [being no less than 2 U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days]] 
[EURIBOR] 
[Insert other applicable reference rates included in 
terms and conditions] 
 
 
– Interest Determination Date(s): 
[The date which is [“p”] [London][U.S. Government 
Securities] Business Days prior to each Interest 
Payment Date] 
 
 
– Relevant Screen Page: 
[[Bloomberg Screen Page: SONCINDX] / see pages of 
authorised distributors for SONIA Compounded Index 
Rate] or [Bloomberg Screen Page: SONIO/N Index] / 
SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate as 
applicable][●] 
 
 
– Relevant Fallback Screen Page: 
[[Bloomberg Screen Page: SONIO/N Index] / see 
pages of authorised distributors for SONIA 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate as applicable][●]] 
 
(ix)  
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
 
– Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
 
– Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
 
– Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
 
– Compounding:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining items of this subparagraph) 
 
 
– Compounding Method: 
 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days]

--- Page 197 ---
194 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[[•] / Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [[•]/Applicable 
Business 
Days]] 
(The number of applicable business days for each 
compounding method if not specified shall be five, 
unless otherwise agreed with the calculation agent.) 
 
 
 
– Averaging: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining items of this subparagraph) 
 
 
 
– Averaging Method: 
 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[[•] / Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [[•]/Applicable 
Business Days]] 
(The number of applicable business days for each 
averaging method if not specified shall be five, unless 
otherwise agreed with the calculation agent.) 
 
 
 
– Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining items of this subparagraph)

--- Page 198 ---
195 
 
 
– Index Method: 
[Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[[•] / Not Applicable]] 
(The number of applicable business days for each 
index method if not specified shall be five, unless 
otherwise agreed with the calculation agent.) 
 
 
 
– ISDA Definitions: 
[●] 
 
(x)  
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period)] 
 
(xi)  
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii)  
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii)  
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv)  
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis] 
[30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
18. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
 
Amortisation Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii)  
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis] 
[30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
19. 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●]

--- Page 199 ---
196 
 
(ii)  
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii)  
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(b) Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv)  
Notice period: 
[●] 
20. 
Clean-up Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Clean-up Call Effective Date: 
[Issue Date of the first tranche of the Notes]/[●] 
 
(ii) 
Clean-up Call Minimum 
Percentage: 
[75 per cent.]/[●] 
 
(iii) 
Clean-up Call Option Amount: 
[●] per Specified Denomination 
 
[(iv)] 
[Notice period: 
[●] days] 
21. 
Put Option:7 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii)  
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii)  
Notice period: 
[●] 
[22. 
Capital Disqualification Event for 
partial exclusion:8 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[23. 
Loss Absorption Disqualification 
Event:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraph 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
– Loss Absorption 
Disqualification Event for partial 
exclusion:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
24. 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
25. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
 
 
 
– Early Redemption Amount(s) 
per Calculation Amount payable 
on redemption for taxation 
reasons or on event of default [or 
on redemption for regulatory 
reasons9][or on redemption 
following a Loss Absorption 
Disqualification Event]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
7 
Senior Notes only. 
8 
Subordinated Notes only. 
9 
Subordinated Notes only.

--- Page 200 ---
197 
26. 
Substitution and Variation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
27. 
Form of Notes: 
[Restricted Global Note (U.S.$[●] nominal amount) 
registered in the name of a nominee for DTC] 
[Unrestricted Global Note (U.S.$[●] nominal amount) 
registered in the name of a nominee for a common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg] 
28. 
Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details. [Note that this paragraph 
relates to the date [and place] of payment, and not the 
end date of the interest period for the purposes of 
calculating the amount of interest, to which sub-
paragraph 17(v) relates]] 
[USE OF PROCEEDS 
Give details if different from the “Use of Proceeds” section in the Base Prospectus.] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant third party 
information) has been extracted from (specify source).  
The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is 
able to ascertain from information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 201 ---
198 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
Listing 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Euronext Dublin/None] 
 
(ii) Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted to the 
Official List and to be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin with effect from [●]. No assurance 
can be given that such listing will be obtained and/or maintained/ 
Not Applicable]. 
 
[(iii) [Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[●] 
2. 
Ratings 
 
Ratings: 
[The following ratings reflect the ratings allocated to Notes of 
this type issued under the Programme generally:] 
 
 
The Notes are expected to be rated [●] by [●][on or shortly after 
the Issue Date]. 
 
 
No assurance can be given that such rating will be obtained 
and/or retained. 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes 
of the type being issued under the Programme generally or, 
where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
(Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this 
has previously been published by the rating provider.) 
 
 
Insert one (or more) of the following options, as applicable: 
 
 
Option 1: CRA is (i) established in the EU and (ii) registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation: 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EU and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the “EU CRA Regulation”). 
[Include details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established and registered in the UK or certified under 
the UK CRA Regulation] 
 
 
Option 2: CRA is (i) established in the EU, (ii) not registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation but (iii) has applied for 
registration: 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EU and has applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the “EU CRA 
Regulation”) although notification of the registration decision 
has not yet been provided. 
[Include details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established and registered in the UK or certified under 
the UK CRA Regulation]

--- Page 202 ---
199 
 
 
Option 3: CRA is (i) established in the EU and (ii) has not 
applied for registration and is not registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation: 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EU and is neither 
registered nor has it applied for registration under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 (the “EU CRA Regulation”). 
[Include details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established and registered in the UK or certified under 
the UK CRA Regulation] 
 
 
Option 4: CRA is established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA: 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
“UK CRA Regulation”). 
[Include details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established and registered in the EEA or certified under 
the EU CRA Regulation] 
 
 
Option 5: CRA is not established in the EU or the UK but the 
relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA which is established and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and/or the UK CRA 
Regulation: 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EU or the UK but the 
rating it has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name 
of credit rating agency], which is established in the EU and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the “EU CRA 
Regulation”).] [and] [UK and registered under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”)]. 
 
 
Option 6: CRA is not established in the EU or the UK and the 
relevant rating is not endorsed under the EU CRA Regulation 
and/or the UK CRA Regulation, but the CRA is certified under 
the EU CRA Regulation and/or the UK CRA Regulation: 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EU or the UK but is 
certified under [Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the “EU CRA 
Regulation”)] [and] [Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”)]. 
 
 
Option 7: CRA is neither established in the EU or the UK nor 
certified under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA

--- Page 203 ---
200 
Regulation and the relevant rating is not endorsed under the 
EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation: 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EU or the UK and is 
not certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the “EU 
CRA Regulation”) or the Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”) and the 
rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
3. 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue: 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in 
the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates 
have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course 
of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)] 
4. 
Estimated Net Proceeds 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – Yield: 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue 
Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
6. 
[Floating Rate Notes only – 
Historic Interest Rates: 
 
 
Details of historic [EURIBOR] rates can be obtained from [Reuters].] 
7. 
Operational Information: 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
CFI: 
[Not Applicable][●] [As set out on the website of the Association 
of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively, 
sourced from the responsible Nation Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN]  
 
FISN: 
[Not Applicable][●] [As set out on the website of the Association 
of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively, 
sourced from the responsible Nation Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or available, 
it/they should be specified to be “Not Applicable”) 
 
CUSIP: 
 
 
[CINS: 
 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)[and address(es)]]

--- Page 204 ---
201 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. and The 
Depository Trust Company and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Name and address of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
 
Name and address of Registrars: 
 
8. 
Distribution: 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) If syndicated: 
 
 
 
(A) Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
(B) Stabilisation Manager(s) 
(if any): 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(iv) U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2], [Rule 144A]

--- Page 205 ---
202 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1 
It is expected that approval of the Programme in respect of the Notes will be granted on or before 1 September 
2023 subject only to the issue of a temporary Global Note or Global Certificate (as applicable) in respect of 
each Tranche. Transactions will normally be effected for delivery on the third working day after the day of the 
transaction. However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed on any stock 
exchange. The Listing Agent is not seeking admission to listing of the Notes on Euronext Dublin for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation on its own behalf, but as agent on behalf of AIB. 
2 
The update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme have been authorised by a resolution 
of the Board of Directors of AIB passed on 29 June 2023. 
3 
There are no, and there have not been any, governmental, legal or arbitration actions, suits or proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which AIB is aware) involving AIB or any 
of its subsidiaries during the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus, which may have, or have 
had in recent past significant effects on the financial position or profitability of AIB and/or the Group taken as 
a whole. 
4 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Group since 30 June 2023 and there 
has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2022. 
5 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined before filing of the relevant Final Terms 
of each Tranche, based on then prevailing market conditions. AIB does not intend to provide any post- issuance 
information in relation to any issues of Notes. 
6 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes shall be prescribed and become void unless made 
within six years from the date on which payment in respect of the principal or interest to which the claim relates 
was due. 
7 
The Notes have may be accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records). In addition, the Issuer may make an application for any Restricted 
Notes to be accepted for trading in book-entry form by DTC. Acceptance by DTC of such Notes will be 
confirmed in the relevant Final Terms. The Common Code and ISIN, the Committee on the Uniform Security 
Identification Procedure (“CUSIP”) number, (and any other relevant identification number for any alternative 
clearing system) for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. The address of Euroclear 
is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium, the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 
Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, and the address of DTC is 55 Water Street, New York, New York 
10041. 
8 
The legal entity identifier of AIB is 635400AKJBGNS5WNQL34. 
9 
Copies of the following documents (in physical form) will be available at the Issuer’s registered office from the 
date hereof for so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes remain outstanding at the London 
office of the Agent and the office of AIB specified at the end of this Base Prospectus and on the Issuer’s website 
at https://aib.ie/investorrelations/debt-investor/unsecured-funding: 
(i) 
the Memorandum and Articles of Association of AIB; 
(ii) 
the Indenture; 
(iii) 
the annual financial report of AIB for the year ended 31 December 2022; 
(iv) 
the annual financial report of AIB for the year ended 31 December 2021; 
(v) 
each Final Terms for Notes which are listed on Euronext Dublin or any other stock exchange;

--- Page 206 ---
203 
(vi) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further Base 
Prospectus; and 
(vii) 
all reports, letters and other documents, balance sheets, valuations and statements by any expert any part 
of which is extracted or referred to in any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further Base Prospectus. 
10 
Deloitte Ireland LLP of Deloitte & Touche House, Earlsfort Terrace, Dublin 2 (a member of the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants in Ireland) have audited, without qualifications, the 2022 Financial Statements and the 
2021 Financial Statements, in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (Ireland) and company law. 
11 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, One Spencer Dock, North Wall Quay, Dublin 1 (a member of the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants in Ireland) who were appointed as auditor to AIB on 4 May 2023 have reviewed, without 
qualification the financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2023 pursuant to ISRE (Ireland) 2410. 
12 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking, 
commercial banking, hedging, monetary policy and or financing transactions with, and may perform services 
for the Issuer and/or the Issuer’s affiliates and for clients in transactions which involve the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the 
Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity 
securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own 
account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve 
securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that 
have a lending relationship with the Issuer and/or the Issuer’s affiliates routinely hedge their credit exposure to 
the Issuer and/or the Issuer’s affiliates consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, 
such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either 
the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the 
Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes 
issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations 
and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and 
may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments. 
13 
The website of the Issuer is https://aib.ie/investorrelations. The information on the Issuer’s website does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus. 
14 
This Base Prospectus is drawn up in the English language. In case there is any discrepancy between the English 
text and the French text, the English text stands approved for the purposes of approval under the Prospectus 
Regulation.

--- Page 207 ---
204 
DEFINITIONS 
The following definitions apply throughout this Base Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
2004 Central Bank Act 
Central Bank and Financial Services Authority of Ireland Act 
2004 
2012 Relationship Framework 
the relationship framework specified by the Minister for Finance 
in relation to the Issuer on 29 March 2012 
2013 Central Bank Act 
Central Bank (Supervision and Enforcement) Act 2013 
AIB 
the Issuer together with its consolidated subsidiaries and 
subsidiary undertakings from time to time 
AIB Bank 
Allied Irish Banks, p.l.c. 
AIB Group Irish Pension Scheme 
the AIB Group Irish Pension Scheme, a defined benefit pension 
scheme operated by AIB in respect of its staff employed in 
Ireland 
AIB UK 
AIB Group (UK) p.l.c. 
AIB Group UK Pension Scheme 
the AIB Group UK Pension Scheme, a defined benefit pension 
scheme operated by AIB in respect of its staff employed in the 
United Kingdom 
ALCo 
Asset and Liability Committee 
AML 
anti-money laundering  
Articles 
the articles of association of the Issuer, as contained in the 
Constitution, as amended from time to time 
UK Authorities 
HM Treasury, the Bank of England and the PRA 
Bank of Ireland 
The Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland 
Bank Resolution Act 
Central Bank and Credit Institutions (Resolution) Act 2011 
Bank Secrecy Act 
U.S. Bank Secrecy Act of 1970 (31 USC 5311 et seq) 
Base Prospectus 
this document 
Board or Board of Directors 
the board of directors of the Issuer 
BRRD 
Directive 2014/59 establishing a framework for the recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as 
amended by Directive 2019/879 
Business Day  
a day (excluding Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays) on 
which banks are generally open for business in Dublin and 
London 
CCPC 
Competition and Consumer Protection Commission of Ireland 
Central Bank or Central Bank of 
Ireland 
Central Bank of Ireland 
Central Bank Acts 
Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 
Companies Act 
Companies Act 2014  
Constitution 
the constitution of AIB, incorporating the Memorandum of 
Association and the Articles

--- Page 208 ---
205 
CPC 
Consumer Protection Code 2012 
CRD 
Directive 2013/36 on access to the activity of credit institutions 
and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and 
investment firms: Capital adequacy legislation adopted by the 
EU and implemented by Member States which is designed to 
ensure the financial soundness of credit institutions and certain 
investment firms, as amended by Directive (EU) No. 2019/878 
CRD IV 
CRD and CRR 
CRO 
Chief Risk Officer 
CRR 
Regulation 575/2013 on prudential requirements for credit 
institutions and investment firms as amended by Regulation 
(EU) No. 2019/876 and Regulation (EU) 2020/873 
CRR Amendment Regulation 
Regulation (EU) No. 2020/873 as regards certain adjustments to 
Regulation (EU) No. 2019/876 in response to the COVID-19 
pandemic 
CRR II 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 
Dáil Éireann 
the lower house of the Oireachtas (the Irish legislature) 
Deloitte 
Deloitte Ireland LLP of Deloitte & Touche House, Earlsfort 
Terrace, Dublin 2 
DGSD 
Directive 2014/49/EU on deposit guarantee schemes 
Directors 
the Executive Directors and Non-Executive Directors of the 
Issuer 
Dodd-Frank 
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 
2010 
EAD 
Exposure at Default 
EBA 
the European Banking Authority 
EBS 
EBS d.a.c. (formerly EBS Limited and prior to that EBS 
Building Society), a company incorporated under the laws of 
Ireland (registered number 500748) and a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of the Issuer 
ECB 
the European Central Bank  
ECB banking authorisation 
means: 
(a) in the case of a licence granted under section 9 of the 
Central Bank Act 1971 prior to 4 November 2014 
(including that issued to and held by AIB), such a licence 
which is deemed in accordance with the SSM Regulation 
to be an authorisation granted by the ECB under the SSM 
Regulation; or 
(b) in any other case, an authorisation granted under the SSM 
Regulation on the application therefor under section 9 of 
the Central Bank Act 1971;

--- Page 209 ---
206 
EC 
the Commission of the EU (provided for under the provision of 
Title III of the Treaty on European Union), which operates as the 
executive body of the EU 
EEA 
European Economic Area, which consists of the Member States, 
Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway 
EL 
Expected Loss 
EU 
the European Union 
EU Prospectus Regulation 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
euro or € 
the official currency of the Eurozone 
Euroclear 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
Euronext Dublin 
Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin 
Eurozone 
the eurozone consists of the following 19 EU countries that have 
adopted the euro as their common currency: Austria, Belgium, 
Cyprus, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Ireland, 
Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, 
Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia and Spain. 
Exchange Act 
U.S. Exchange Act of 1934 
Executive Committee 
the most senior executive committee of AIB, comprising twelve 
members, and is responsible for the day-to-day management of 
the Group’s operations  
Executive Directors 
the executive directors of the Issuer 
FCA 
the UK Financial Conduct Authority 
FSPO/Financial Services and Pensions 
Ombudsman 
Financial Services Ombudsman established under the Financial 
Services and Pensions Ombudsman Act 2017 
Fitch 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
FRB 
Federal Reserve Board 
FSG 
Financial Solutions Group 
FSMA 
the UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
GDP 
gross domestic product 
GDPR 
Regulation 2016/679 on the protection of natural persons with 
regard to the processing of personal data and on the free 
movement of such data 
General Bail-In Tool 
the power, provided by the BRRD to resolution authorities in 
circumstances where the credit institution is failing or likely to 
fail, to write down the claims of unsecured creditors of an 
institution and convert debt to equity or other instruments of 
ownership, with, in broad terms, the first losses being taken by 
shareholders and thereafter by subordinated creditors and then 
senior creditors, with the objective of recapitalising an institution 
Government or Irish Government 
the Government of Ireland

--- Page 210 ---
207 
Group 
AIB Group plc and its subsidiaries (including Allied Irish Banks, 
p.l.c.) 
Haven 
Haven Mortgages Limited 
HBFI 
Home Building Finance Ireland, set up by the Government to 
fund the delivery of new homes 
High Court 
the High Court of Ireland 
IBA 
U.S. International Banking Act of 1978 
iBB 
iBusiness Banking, an online service optimised for AIB’s 
business and corporate customers 
IFRS 
the International Financial Reporting Standards, as adopted by 
the EU 
IRB 
Internal Ratings Based – the Basel II method of calculating 
regulatory capital 
Ireland  
the Republic of Ireland, and the word “Irish” shall be construed 
accordingly 
Irish Life & Permanent 
former name of permanent tsb 
Irish Stock Exchange or ISE 
the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin  
ISIF 
the Ireland Strategic Investment Fund, a statutory fund owned by 
the Minister for Finance and managed and controlled, pursuant 
to directions in writing given to the NTMA by the Minister for 
Finance from time to time, by the NTMA, which was established 
under the NTMA 2014 Act and has a mandate to support 
economic activity and employment in Ireland 
ISIN 
international securities identification number 
IT 
information technology 
LCR 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio – the ratio of the stock of high quality 
liquid assets to expected net cash outflows over the next 30 days 
under a stress scenario. CRD IV requires that this ratio exceed 
60 per cent. on 1 January 2015 and 100 per cent. on 1 January 
2018. 
LGD 
Loss given Default 
London Stock Exchange  
London Stock Exchange plc 
MAR 
Market Abuse Regulation (Regulation (EU) No 596/2014) 
Member States 
member states of the EU 
Memorandum of Association 
the memorandum of association of the Issuer, as amended from 
time to time 
MiFID II  
Directive 2014/65 on markets in financial instruments 
Minister for Finance or Minister 
the Minister for Finance of Ireland 
Moody’s 
Moody’s Investor Service Limited 
Non-Executive Directors 
the non-executive directors of the Issuer 
NTMA 
the National Treasury Management Agency

--- Page 211 ---
208 
NTMA 2014 Act 
the National Treasury Management Agency (Amendment) Act 
2014  
OECD 
the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development 
OFAC 
Office of Foreign Assets Control 
Oireachtas (the Irish legislature) 
means the national parliament of Ireland, consisting of the 
President of Ireland, Dáil Éireann and Seanad Éireann 
O-SII 
Other Systemically Important Institutions 
PD 
Probability of Default 
permanent tsb 
Permanent TSB p.l.c., formerly Irish Life & Permanent 
Personal Insolvency Act 
Personal Insolvency Act 2012, as amended 
PRA 
UK Prudential Regulation Authority 
PRIIPs Regulation 
Regulation 1286/2014 on key information documents for 
packaged retail and insurance-based investment products 
(PRIIPs)  
PwC 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
QIBs 
persons who are “qualified institutional buyers” as defined in 
Rule 144A  
Regulation S 
Regulation S under the Securities Act 
regulated financial services provider 
has the meaning given by section 2(1) of the Central Bank Act 
1942 (a) a financial services provider whose business is subject 
to regulation by the Bank under this Act or under a designated 
enactment or a designated statutory instrument, or (b) a financial 
service provider whose business is subject to regulation by an 
authority that performs functions in an EEA country that are 
comparable to the functions performed by the Bank under this 
Act or under a designated enactment or designated statutory 
instrument, or (bb) a financial service provider whose business 
is subject to supervision by the ECB under a designated 
enactment 
Relationship Framework 
the relationship framework specified by the Minister for Finance 
in relation to the Issuer on 12 June 2017 amending and restating 
the 2012 Relationship Framework 
Relevant Banking Regulator 
is a reference to: 
(a) subject to paragraph (b) below, the Central Bank; and 
(b) the ECB, but only to the extent that the reference is in 
respect of functions conferred on the ECB by the SSM 
Regulation and the SSM Framework Regulation 
Resolution Tools 
the power, provided by the BRRD to resolution authorities in 
circumstances where the credit institution is failing or likely to 
fail, to (i) transfer to an investor, shares, other instruments of 
ownership and/or all specified assets, rights or liabilities of the 
failing institution; (ii) transfer all or specified assets, rights or 
liabilities of the failing institution to a bridge institution which is

--- Page 212 ---
209 
wholly or partially owned by public authorities; (iii) transfer 
assets, rights or liabilities to a legal entity which is wholly owned 
by public authorities for the purpose of sale or otherwise 
ensuring that the business is wound down in an orderly manner, 
to be applied in conjunction with another resolution tool; or (iv) 
write down the claims of unsecured creditors of an institution 
and convert debt to equity or other instruments of ownership, 
with, in broad terms, the first losses being taken by shareholders 
and thereafter by subordinated creditors and then senior 
creditors, with the objective of recapitalising an institution 
Revenue Commissioners 
the office of the Revenue Commissioners of Ireland 
Rule 144A 
Rule 144A under the Securities Act 
SBCI 
Strategic Business Corporation of Ireland 
Seanad Éireann 
the upper house of the Oireachtas (the Irish legislature) 
Securities Act 
U.S. Securities Act of 1933 
Senior Executives 
senior managers within the meaning of paragraph 14.1(d) of 
Annex I of the EU Prospectus Regulation 
SME 
small- and medium-sized enterprises  
SRB 
a single resolution board under the SRM 
SREP 
Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process 
SRM 
Single Resolution Mechanism – a framework for the orderly 
resolution of failing banks with minimal costs for tax payers. The 
SRM applies to banks covered by the SSM 
SRM Regulation 
Regulation 806/2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform 
procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain 
investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution 
Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund as amended by 
Regulation (EU) No. 2019/677 
SSM 
Single Supervisory Mechanism – a system of financial 
supervision comprising the ECB and the national competent 
authorities of participating EU countries which in Ireland is the 
Central Bank. The main aims of the SSM are to ensure the safety 
and soundness of the European banking system and to increase 
financial integration and stability in Europe 
SSM Framework Regulation 
Regulation 468/2014 of the European Central Bank establishing 
the framework for cooperation within the SSM between the 
European Central Bank and national competent authorities and 
with national designated authorities 
SSM Regulation 
Council Regulation 1024/2013 conferring specific tasks on the 
European Central Bank concerning policies relating to the 
prudential supervision of credit institutions 
State  
the Republic of Ireland 
S&P 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited

--- Page 213 ---
210 
SVR 
Standard Variable Interest Rate 
TLAC 
total loss-absorbing capacity 
Tracker Mortgage Examination 
the Central Bank’s examination of tracker mortgage related 
issues across Irish lenders (including AIB and Irish subsidiaries 
of AIB), the commencement of which was announced by the 
Central Bank in October 2015 
UK Government 
the Government of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and 
Northern Ireland 
United Kingdom or UK 
the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland 
United States or U.S. 
the United States of America, its territories and possessions, any 
State of the United States of America, and the District of 
Columbia 
VAT 
Value added tax – within the EU, such taxation as may be levied 
in accordance with Directive 2006/112 on the common system 
of value added tax and, outside the EU, any similar taxation 
levied by reference to added value or sales 
Volcker Rule 
final rules implementing Section 619 of Dodd-Frank 
Write-Down Tool 
in relation to the BRRD and the SRM Regulation, a statutory 
write-down and conversion power which gives the resolution 
authority the power to write down or to convert into equity the 
Issuer’s capital instruments if certain conditions are met 
 
A reference to (i) any enactment, statute, act, statutory instrument, regulation, order, decree, regulatory notice, 
code of conduct, directions or other legislative measure under the laws of Ireland or the laws of any other 
jurisdiction, (ii) an EU directive, EU regulation or any other legislative measure made under EU law or applying 
in respect of the EEA, (iii) any treaty, international agreement or other international legal act whether between 
Member States of the EU; the EEA or otherwise, or (iv) a provision of any of the foregoing measures referred 
to at or contemplated by (i) to (iii) above (in this paragraph, a (“Legal Measure”) is to that Legal Measure as 
extended, amended or replaced as of the date of this Base Prospectus or to any other date indicated and includes 
any other Legal Measure that is to be read as one therewith.

--- Page 214 ---
211 
GLOSSARY OF TECHNICAL TERMS 
The following explanations are not intended as technical definitions but, rather, are intended to assist the reader 
in understanding terms used in this Base Prospectus: 
ALCo  
Asset and Liability Committee 
Arrears 
arrears relates to any interest or principal on a loan which was 
due for payment, but where payment has not been received. 
Customers are said to be in arrears when they are behind in 
fulfilling their obligations with the result that an outstanding loan 
is unpaid or overdue 
Banking book 
a regulatory classification to support the regulatory capital 
treatment that applies to all exposures which are not in the 
trading book. Banking book positions tend to be structural in 
nature and, typically, arise as a consequence of the size and 
composition of a bank’s balance sheet. Examples include the 
need to manage the interest rate risk on fixed rate mortgages or 
rate insensitive current account balances. The banking book 
portfolio will also include all transactions/positions which are 
accounted for on an interest accruals basis or, in the case of 
financial instruments, on an available for sale or hold to maturity 
basis 
Basel Accords 
The three series of banking regulations (Basel I, Basel II and 
Basel III) set by the Basel Committee on Bank Supervision 
(BCBS), which provides recommendations on banking 
regulations in regards to capital risk, market risk and operational 
risk 
Basel II 
the second of the Basel Accords; an international business 
standard that requires financial institutions to maintain enough 
cash reserves to cover risks incurred by operations 
Basel III 
the third of the Basel Accords; an international business standard 
that requires financial institutions to maintain enough cash 
reserves to cover risks incurred by operations 
basis point 
0.01 per cent., so 100 basis points is 1 per cent. Used in quoting 
movements in interest rates or yields on securities 
basis risk 
a type of market risk that refers to the possibility that the change 
in the price of an instrument (e.g., asset, liability, derivative, etc.) 
may not match the change in price of the associated hedge, 
resulting in losses arising in the Group’s portfolio of financial 
instruments 
Buy-to-Let 
a residential mortgage loan approved for the purpose of 
purchasing a residential investment property to rent out 
CET1 
common equity tier 1 for the purposes of the CRD 
CET1 ratio 
a measurement of a bank’s core equity capital compared with its 
total risk-weighted assets

--- Page 215 ---
212 
 
Core Tier 1 Capital 
called-up share capital, share premium and eligible reserves plus 
equity non-controlling interests, less goodwill, intangible assets 
and supervisory deductions as specified by the Central Bank (this 
concept has been replaced by CET1 under CRD IV) 
Credit risk 
the risk that one party to a financial instrument will cause a 
financial loss to the other party by failing to discharge an 
obligation 
Criticised loans 
loans requiring additional management attention over and above 
that normally required for the loan type 
Customer accounts 
a liability of the Group where the counterparty to the financial 
contract is typically a personal customer, a corporation (other 
than a financial institution) or the government. This caption 
includes various types of deposits and credit current accounts, all 
of which are unsecured 
Debt securities 
assets on the Group’s balance sheet representing certificates of 
indebtedness of credit institutions, public bodies and other 
undertakings 
Debt securities in issue 
liabilities of the Group which are represented by transferable 
certificates of indebtedness of the Group to the bearer of the 
certificates 
Default 
when a customer breaches a term and/or condition of a loan 
agreement, a loan is deemed to be in default for case 
management purposes. Depending on the materiality of the 
default, if left unmanaged, it can lead to loan impairment. default 
is also used in a Basel II context when a loan is either 91+ days 
past due or impaired, and may require additional capital to be set 
aside 
Deposit Guarantee Scheme 
a statutory deposit protection scheme, established in 2016, 
requiring credit institutions to pay an annual contribution 
calculated based on their covered deposits and degree of risk 
Economic capital 
the amount of capital which the Group needs to protect against 
extreme losses from a material risk it is running (e.g., Credit risk, 
market risk). It is based on internally developed calculation 
methodologies and estimates, as opposed to regulatory capital, 
which uses a methodology determined by the Basel Accords and 
imposed by the Relevant Banking Regulator 
EL 
expected loss – the loss that can be incurred as a result of lending 
to a borrower that may default. It is the average expected loss in 
value over a specified period 
Exposure at default or EAD 
exposure at default is the expected or actual amount of exposure 
to the borrower at the time of default 
FinTech 
Technologies used to support or enable banking and financial 
services

--- Page 216 ---
213 
 
Forbearance  
forbearance is the term that is used when repayment terms of a 
loan contract have been renegotiated in order to make repayment 
terms more manageable for borrowers. Forbearance techniques 
have the common characteristic of rescheduling principal or 
interest repayments, rather than reducing them. Standard 
forbearance techniques employed by the Group include: 
(i) interest only, (ii) a reduction in the payment amount, (iii) a 
temporary deferral of payment (a moratorium), (iv) extending 
the term of the mortgage and (v) capitalising Arrears amounts 
and related interest 
Guarantee 
an undertaking by the Group/other party to pay a creditor should 
a debtor fail to do so 
IRBA 
the Internal Ratings Based Approach allows banks, subject to 
regulatory approval, to use their own estimates of certain risk 
components to derive regulatory capital requirements for Credit 
risk across different asset classes. The relevant risk components 
are: (i) PD (ii) LGD and (iii) EAD 
IRS 
Internal Revenue Service of the United States 
ISDA  
International Swaps and Derivatives Association 
Leverage ratio 
to prevent an excessive build-up of leverage on institutions’ 
balance sheets, Basel III introduces a non-risk-based leverage 
ratio to supplement the risk-based capital framework of Basel II. 
It is defined as the ratio of Tier 1 capital to total exposures. Total 
exposures include on-balance sheet items, off-balance sheet 
items and derivatives, and should generally follow the 
accounting measure of exposure 
LGD 
the expected or actual loss in the event of default, expressed as a 
percentage of “Exposure at default” 
Liquidity risk 
the risk that the Group does not have sufficient financial 
resources to meet its obligations as they fall due, or will have to 
do so at an excessive cost. This risk arises from mismatches in 
the timing of cash flows 
Loan to deposit ratio 
this is the ratio of loans and receivables compared to Customer 
accounts as presented in the statement of financial position 
LTI 
Loan-to-income ratio, calculated as the total loans to income 
LTV 
Loan-to-value, an arithmetic calculation that expresses the 
amount of the loan as a percentage of the value of 
security/collateral. A high LTV indicates that there is less of a 
cushion to protect the lender against collateral price decreases or 
increases in the loan-carrying amount if repayments are not made 
and interest is capitalised onto the outstanding loan balance 
MREL 
minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities. 
Net interest income 
the amount of interest received or receivable on assets net of 
interest paid or payable on liabilities

--- Page 217 ---
214 
 
Net interest margin or NIM 
net interest margin is a measure of the difference between the 
interest income generated on average interest-earning financial 
assets (lendings) and the amount of interest paid on average 
interest-bearing financial liabilities (borrowings) relative to the 
amount of interest-earning assets 
Operational Risk 
the risk arising from inadequate or failed internal processes, 
people and systems, or from external events. This includes legal 
risk – the potential for loss arising from the uncertainty of legal 
proceedings and potential legal proceedings, but excludes 
strategic and reputational risk 
PD 
probability of Default, the likelihood that a borrower will Default 
on an obligation to repay. 
PDH 
principal dwelling homes 
Relevant Territory 
a territory that has signed a double taxation agreement with 
Ireland 
Repo 
repurchase agreement – a short-term funding agreement that 
allows a borrower to create a collateralised loan by selling a 
financial asset to a lender. As part of the agreement, the borrower 
commits to repurchase the security at a date in the future 
repaying the proceeds of the loan. For the counterparty to the 
transaction, it is termed a reverse repurchase agreement or a 
reverse repo 
Securitisation 
securitisation is the process of aggregation and repackaging of 
non-tradable financial instruments such as loans and receivables, 
or company cash flow, into securities that can be issued and 
traded in the capital markets 
SEPA 
Single European Payments Area, the EU payments integration 
initiative’s single payment market 
Single Resolution Fund 
The Single Resolution Fund is established by the SRM 
Regulation, and is composed of contributions from credit 
institutions and certain investment firms in the 19 participating 
Member States within the Banking Union. Where necessary, the 
SRF may be used to ensure the efficient application of resolution 
tools and the exercise of the resolution powers conferred to the 
SRB by the SRM Regulation 
SLO 
Subordinated liabilities order on 14 April 2011, following an 
application by the Minister for Finance under Section 29 of the 
Credit Institutions (Stabilisation) Act 2010, the High Court 
issued a SLO in relation to all outstanding subordinated 
liabilities and other capital instruments, with the consent of AIB. 
The High Court declared the SLO effective as of 22 April 2011. 
The effect of the SLO was to amend the terms of certain 
subordinated liabilities and other capital instruments 
Tier 1 capital 
a measure of a bank’s financial strength defined by the Basel 
Accords. It captures Core Tier 1 Capital plus other tier 1

--- Page 218 ---
215 
 
securities in issue, but is subject to deductions relating to the 
excess of EL on the IRBA portfolios over the IFRS provision on 
the IRBA portfolios, Securitisation positions and material 
holdings in financial companies 
Tier 2 capital 
broadly includes qualifying subordinated debt and other tier 2 
securities in issue, eligible collective impairment provisions, 
unrealised available for sale equity gains and revaluation 
reserves. It is subject to deductions relating to the excess of EL 
on the IRBA portfolios over the accounting impairment 
provisions on the IRBA portfolios, Securitisation positions and 
material holdings in financial companies 
Tracker mortgage 
a mortgage with a variable interest rate which tracks the ECB 
rate, at an agreed margin above the ECB rate and will increase 
or decrease within five days of an ECB rate movement

--- Page 219 ---
DEALERS  
Barclays Capital Inc. 
745 7th Avenue 
New York, NY 10019 
United States 
BNP Paribas Securities Corp. 
787 7th Avenue 
New York, NY 10019  
United States 
BofA Securities, Inc. 
One Bryant Park 
New York, NY 10036 
United States 
Citigroup Global Markets Inc. 
388 Greenwich Street 
New York, NY 10013 
United States 
 Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 
200 West Street, 29th Floor 
New York, NY 10282 
United States 
 Goodbody Stockbrokers UC 
Ballsbridge Park 
Ballsbridge 
Dublin 4 
Ireland 
HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. 
452 Fifth Avenue 
New York, NY 10018 
United States 
Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC 
1585 Broadway, 29th Floor 
New York, NY 10036 
United States 
TD Securities (USA) LLC 
1 Vanderbilt Avenue, 11th Floor 
New York, NY 10017 
United States 
UBS Securities LLC 
1285 Avenue of the Americas 
New York, NY 10019 
United States 
 
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 
550 South Tryon Street, 5th Floor 
Charlotte, NC 28202 
United States 
 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
J.P. Morgan Securities LLC 
383 Madison Avenue 
New York, NY 10179 
United States 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF AIB 
AIB Group plc 
10 Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
Republic of Ireland 
 
TRUSTEE 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom

--- Page 220 ---
REGISTRAR 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
2-4 Rue Eugene Ruppert 
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
Luxembourg, 2453 
Luxembourg 
 
ISSUING AND PAYING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom 
 
NEW YORK PAYING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon 
Barclay Street, 7 Floor 
New York, NY 10286 
United States 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
to AIB 
(as to U.S. law) 
Linklaters LLP 
 One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom 
(as to Irish law) 
A&L Goodbody LLP 
3 Dublin Landings  
North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Republic of Ireland 
to the Dealers 
(as to U.S. law) 
Allen & Overy LLP 
 One Bishops Square 
 London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
(as to Irish law) 
Matheson LLP 
70 Sir John Rogerson’s Quay 
Dublin 2 
Republic of Ireland 
 
AUDITORS OF AIB 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
One Spencer Dock  
North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Republic of Ireland  
Deloitte Ireland LLP 
Deloitte & Touche House 
Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Republic of Ireland 
 
LISTING AGENT 
A&L Listing Limited 
3 Dublin Landings 
North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Republic of Ireland