--- Page 1 ---
WS0101.38073570.1
Base Prospectus dated 29 July 2024 
AIR FRANCE-KLM SA
(Established as a société anonyme in the Republic of France)
EURO 4,500,000,000 EURO MEDIUM TERM NOTE PROGRAMME
Under its €4,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), Air France-KLM SA ("Air France-KLM" or the "Issuer") 
may, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, issue from time to time Euro Medium Term Notes (the "Notes"). The 
terms and conditions of the Notes (the "Conditions") are set out herein in the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes". The aggregate nominal 
amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed Euro 4,500,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date of issue of any Notes).
This base prospectus, as may be supplemented from time to time (the "Base Prospectus") constitutes, at the date hereof, a base prospectus for the 
purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation").
This Base Prospectus received the approval number 24-334 on 29 July 2024 from the Autorité des marchés financiers ("AMF") and shall be valid 
for admission to trading of Notes on a Regulated Market until 29 July 2025, provided that it is completed from time to time by any supplement, 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy 
relating to the information included (or incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of an investment in the 
Notes. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not 
apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF 
only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes which are the subject of this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.
Application may be made during the period of twelve (12) months from the date of the approval granted by the AMF on this Base Prospectus for 
Notes to be issued under the Programme to be listed and/or admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or any other regulated market as defined in 
the Directive 2014/65/EU dated 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended, appearing on the list of regulated market published 
on the European Securities and Market authority ("ESMA") and situated in a Member State of the European Economic Area (the "EEA") (each 
such market being a "Regulated Market"). The Notes issued under the Programme may also be unlisted or listed on an alternative trading platform. 
The relevant final terms in respect of the issue of any Notes (the "Final Terms"), a form of which is contained herein,  will specify whether or not 
an application has been or will be made for such Notes to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, the relevant Regulated Market(s), stock 
exchange(s) or market(s) where the Notes will be listed and/or admitted to trading.
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the Issuer's long-term debt has been rated BBB- with a stable outlook by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
(“Fitch”) and BB+ with a stable outlook by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”). Each of such credit rating agencies is established in the 
European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”) and is included in the list of registered 
credit rating agencies published on the website of the European Securities and Markets Authority (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-
agencies/cra-authorisation) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may be rated or unrated. The rating 
of Notes (if any) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject 
to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning credit rating agency without notice. 
The final terms of the Notes will be determined at the time of the offering of each Tranche and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.
This Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the Final Terms related to the Notes that are listed and/or admitted to trading on any Regulated 
Market are or will be available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and on the Issuer's website (www.airfranceklm.com).  
For so long as any Notes are outstanding, all documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus may be obtained, during normal business 
hours, free of charge from the office of Air Franc-KLM, 7 rue du Cirque, 75008 Paris, France.
Prospective investors should carefully review and consider the section headed "Risk Factors" in this Base Prospectus before deciding to invest 
in the Notes issued under the Programme.
Arranger
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking
Permanent Dealers
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking
Crédit Agricole CIB
Deutsche Bank
HSBC
Natixis
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking

--- Page 2 ---
- 2 -
WS0101.38073570.1
This Base Prospectus, together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus published from time to time, 
constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation in respect of, and 
for the purpose of giving necessary information with regard to, the Issuer and the Issuer and its 
consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole (the Group) which is material to an investor for making an 
informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the 
Issuer, the rights attaching to the Notes, the reason for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer. This Base 
Prospectus (together with all supplements thereto from time to time) may only be used for the purposes for 
which it has been published.
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any supplement thereto and with 
any other documents incorporated by reference therein in accordance with Article 19 of the Prospectus 
Regulation (see section "Documents Incorporated by Reference"), each of which shall be incorporated and 
form part of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to any Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes, should be 
read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms.
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see the section 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus 
refers (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any information on the websites which appear in the 
documents incorporated by reference) does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that information 
is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus, and has not been scrutinized or approved by the 
AMF.
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of Notes 
and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer, the Dealers or the Arranger (each defined in section "Subscription and Sale of the 
Notes"). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under 
any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer and the 
Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended 
or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer or the 
Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended 
or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of 
any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same.
The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms, any offering materials under the Programme 
and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose 
possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the Dealers and the Arranger to inform 
themselves about and to observe any such restriction. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and 
sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see section "Subscription and Sale of the Notes" 
herein.
No action has been taken by the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers which would permit a non-
exempt offer of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that 
purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this 
Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms or other offering material may be distributed or published in any 
jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations.
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States, and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
Persons (as defined in Regulations S under the Securities Act) except pursuant to an exemption from, or in 
a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act.
The Notes may include Materialised Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. 
Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered or sold or in the case of Materialised Notes in bearer

--- Page 3 ---
- 3 -
WS0101.38073570.1
form, delivered within the United States or to or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S") or, in the case of Materialised Notes in bearer form, 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "U.S. Internal Revenue Code").
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf 
of the Issuer, the Dealers or the Arranger to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes.
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. None of the Dealers or the Arranger makes any representation, express 
or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any financial statements (including any information incorporated by reference) are intended to provide 
the basis of any credit or other evaluation and nor should they be considered as a recommendation by any 
of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or of any financial 
statements (including any information incorporated by reference) should purchase the Notes. In making 
an investment decision regarding the Notes, prospective investors must rely on their own independent 
investigation and appraisal of the Issuer or the Group and the terms of the offering, including the merits 
and risks involved. For further details, see section "Risk Factors" herein. The contents of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms are not to be construed as legal, business or tax advice. Each prospective 
investor should determine for itself and/or consult its own advisers as to legal, tax, financial, credit and 
related aspects of an investment in the Notes. None of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to review 
the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Group during the life of the arrangements 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any 
information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger.
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 19 of the 
Guidelines published by the ESMA on 3 August 2023 and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to Directive 
2014/65/EU dated 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments (as amended, "MiFID II") is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II 
product governance rules under Commission Delegated Directive no. 2017/593/EU, as amended (the 
"MiFID II Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect 
of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will 
be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules.
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer's target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, 
the Issuer is not a UK MiFIR regulated entity and does not qualify as a distributor or a manufacturer 
under the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or both) of: (i)

--- Page 4 ---
- 4 -
WS0101.38073570.1
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 on insurance distribution (as amended or superseded, the "IDD"), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation 1286/2014/EU, as amended (the 
"PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or both) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the IDD, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared or will be prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include 
a legend entitled "Singapore SFA Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the 
Notes pursuant to section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as modified or 
amended from time to time, the "SFA"). If applicable, the Issuer will make a determination and provide 
the appropriate written notification to "relevant persons" in relation to each issue about the classification 
of the Notes being offered for the purposes of Section 309B(1)(a) and Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA.
Independent review and advice
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each prospective investor of Notes must determine, based on its own 
independent review and such professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its 
acquisition of the Notes is fully consistent with its financial needs, objectives and condition, complies and is fully 
consistent with all investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper and suitable 
investment for it, notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Notes.
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer or the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates in connection 
with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the other matters referred to above.
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors
Each prospective investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of an investment in the Notes in light of its 
own circumstances. In particular, each prospective investor should:
(i)
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus or any supplement thereto and the relevant Final Terms;
(ii)
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact the relevant Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio;
(iii)
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the prospective investor's currency;
(iv)
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets;

--- Page 5 ---
- 5 -
WS0101.38073570.1
(v)
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks; and
(vi)
be aware, in terms of legislation or regulatory regime applicable to such investor of the applicable 
restrictions on its ability to invest in the Notes and in any particular type of Notes.
A prospective investor should not invest in Notes unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial 
adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of 
such Notes and the impact this investment will have on the prospective investor's overall investment portfolio.
Taxation
Prospective purchasers and sellers of Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or other 
documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the Notes are 
transferred or other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court 
decisions may be available for innovative financial notes such as the Notes. Prospective investors are advised to 
ask for their own tax adviser's advice on their individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, sale and 
redemption of the Notes. Only these advisers are in a position to duly consider the specific situation of the 
prospective investor.
Credit ratings
The credit ratings of the Issuer are an assessment of its ability to pay its obligations, including those arising from 
the offered Notes. Any such ratings may not continue for any period of time or may not be reviewed, revised, 
suspended or withdrawn entirely by the relevant rating agencies as a result of changes in or unavailability of 
information or if, in the rating agencies' judgment, circumstances so warrant. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time.
Inflation Linked Notes
Inflation Linked Notes are not in any way sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the INSEE or Eurostat, as 
the case may be, and the INSEE and Eurostat make no warranty or representation whatsoever, express or implied, 
either as to the results to be obtained from the use of the Inflation Indices and/or the figure at which such indices 
stand at any particular time. The Inflation Indices are determined, composed and calculated by the INSEE and 
Eurostat, as the case may be, without regard to the Issuer or the Notes. Neither the INSEE nor Eurostat, as the 
case may be, is responsible for or has participated in the determination of the timing of, prices of, or quantities of 
the Inflation Linked Notes to be issued or in determination or calculation of the interest payable under such Notes. 
Neither the INSEE nor Eurostat has any obligation or liability in connection with the administration, marketing 
or trading of the Notes. The INSEE or Eurostat, as the case may be, has no responsibility for any calculation 
agency adjustment made for the indices. 
Neither the current nor the historical levels of any of the Inflation Indices should be taken as an indication of 
future performance of such index during the term of any Inflation Linked Notes.
None of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates makes any representation as to 
the Inflation Indices (as defined herein). Any of such persons may have acquired, or during the term of the Notes 
may acquire, non-public information with respect to any of the inflation indices that is or may be material in the 
context of Inflation Linked Notes. The issue of Inflation Linked Notes will not create any obligation on the part 
of any such persons to disclose to the holders of the Notes or any other party such information (whether or not 
confidential).
Sustainability-Linked Notes
None of the Issuer nor the Arranger nor the Dealers is responsible for any third party social, environmental and 
sustainability assessment of the Notes. The Notes may not satisfy an investor's requirements or any future legal 
or industry standards for investment in assets with sustainability characteristics. Investors should conduct their 
own assessment of the Notes from a sustainability perspective. Investors should note that the net proceeds of any 
issue of the Notes will be used for the Issuer's general corporate purposes, unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. In addition, no assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, any other member of the 
Group, the Arranger, the Dealers, the SPO Provider (as defined below) or any External Verifier (as defined below) 
as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion, report or certification of any third

--- Page 6 ---
- 6 -
WS0101.38073570.1
party in connection with the offering of any Sustainability-Linked Notes under the Programme. Noteholders have 
no recourse against the Issuer, any member of the Group, the Arranger or the Dealers for the contents of any such 
opinion, certification or verification. Any such opinion, report or certification and any other document related 
thereto is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 7 ---
- 7 -
WS0101.38073570.1
TABLE OF CONTENTS
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................8
RISK FACTORS......................................................................................................................16
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ..........................................................29
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS....................................................................35
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................36
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED BEARER 
NOTES.....................................................................................................................................89
USE OF PROCEEDS...............................................................................................................90
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP’S SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY...............................91
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER..........................................................................................95
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS .................................................................................................96
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE OF THE NOTES....................................................................97
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ...................................................................................................101
GENERAL INFORMATION................................................................................................121
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE 
PROSPECTUS.......................................................................................................................125

--- Page 8 ---
- 8 -
WS0101.38073570.1
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME
The following general description of the Programme does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety 
by the remainder of this Base Prospectus. The Notes will be issued on such terms as shall be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and will be subject to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out in this Base 
Prospectus. This chapter is subject to the other information provided in this Base Prospectus and is to be read as 
such.
This general description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) 
of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as amended. It does not, and is not 
intended to, constitute a summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or any implementing regulation thereof.
Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below shall have the same meanings in 
this General Description of the Programme.
Issuer:
Air France-KLM
LEI (Legal Entity Identifier): 
969500AQW31GYO8JZD66
Description:
Euro Medium Term Note Programme for the issue of Notes 
(the "Programme").
Use of Proceeds: 
The net proceeds of issues of Notes by the Issuer will be used for its 
general corporate purposes or as set out in the relevant Final Terms.
Arranger:
Société Générale
Dealers:
Banco Santander, S.A., Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, HSBC Continental Europe, Natixis 
and Société Générale
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any 
Dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in 
respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the whole Programme. 
References in this Base Prospectus to "Permanent Dealers" are to the 
persons listed above as Dealers and to such additional persons that are 
appointed as dealers in respect of the Programme (and, in each case, 
whose appointment has not been terminated) and references to "Dealers" 
are to all Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in 
respect of one or more Tranches.
Programme Limit:
Up to Euro 4,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies at the 
date of the issue of any Notes) aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
outstanding at any time (the "Programme Limit"). The Programme 
Limit may be increased, as provided in the dealer agreement dated 29 
July 2024 entered into between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers and 
the Arranger.
Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent:
Société Générale
Calculation Agent:
Société Générale
Put Agent:
Société Générale
Make-Whole Calculation Agent:
Aether Financial Services
Method of Issue:
The Notes may be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.

--- Page 9 ---
- 9 -
WS0101.38073570.1
The Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series"). Each Series may be 
issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") having one or more issue dates 
and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of the 
first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended to be 
interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. The specific terms of 
each Tranche will be set out in the relevant final terms in relation to such 
Tranche (the "Final Terms").
Maturities:
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
the Notes may have any maturity as agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s).
Currencies:
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
Notes may be issued in Euro, Sterling, U.S. dollars, Renminbi or in any 
other currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.
Denomination(s):
The Notes shall be issued in the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the 
relevant Final Terms, save that Notes admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation shall have a minimum specified 
denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency), or 
such higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by 
the relevant monetary or financial authority or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency.
Unless otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes 
(including Notes denominated in Sterling) which have a maturity of less 
than one (1) year and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be 
accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise 
constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 must have a minimum denomination amount of 
£100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one denomination only.
Form of Notes:
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised 
Notes") or in materialised form ("Materialised Notes").
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued in bearer 
form (au porteur) or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter 
case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder, in either fully registered 
form (au nominatif pur) or administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré). No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of 
Dematerialised Notes.
Materialised Notes will be issued in bearer form only. A Temporary 
Global Certificate will be issued initially in respect of each Tranche of 
Materialised Notes. Materialised Notes may only be issued outside 
France.
Status of the Notes:
The Notes and, where applicable, any Coupons relating to them 
constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to 
the negative pledge provisions) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and 
rank and will rank at all times pari passu and without any preference 
among themselves and (subject to such exceptions as are from time to 
time mandatory under French law) equally and rateably with any other 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations, present or future, of the 
Issuer.

--- Page 10 ---
- 10 -
WS0101.38073570.1
Negative Pledge:
There will be a negative pledge in respect of the Notes, as set out in 
Condition 5 (Negative pledge).
Events of Default
(including cross default):
There will be events of default including a cross-default in respect of the 
Notes as set out in Condition 10 (Events of Default).
Redemption Amount:
Subject to any laws and regulations applicable from time to time, the 
relevant Final Terms will specify which redemption option(s) will apply 
with respect to each particular Series of Notes and the basis for 
calculating the redemption amounts payable in each case.
Early Redemption:
Notes may be redeemed early for tax reasons at the option of the Issuer 
at the Early Redemption Amount. The Notes may also be redeemed early 
at the option of the Issuer and/or at the option of any Noteholder at the 
Optional Redemption Amount, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, or at the Make-Whole Redemption Amount, unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, or at par if the Clean-up Call 
Option or Residual Maturity Call Option is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, or at their principal amount if a Change of Control 
or a Share Transfer occurs.
Call Option:
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
at its option, redeem all or, if so provided in the relevant Final Terms, 
some of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date or Option Exercise 
Date, as the case may be. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their 
Optional Redemption Amount (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), 
together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption 
(including, where applicable, any arrears of interest), subject, if one or 
more Sustainability Trigger Event has occurred, to Condition 6.5 
(Sustainability-Linked Notes).
Make-Whole Redemption:
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
at its option, subject to the satisfaction of any refinancing conditions to 
which the redemption is subject (if any) and compliance by the Issuer 
with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and subject to having 
given not more than thirty (30) nor less than fifteen (15) calendar days' 
notice (which notice shall (i) specify the Optional Make-Whole 
Redemption Date (as defined below), (ii) specify the refinancing 
conditions to which the redemption is subject (if any) or (iii) be 
otherwise irrevocable) to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem the outstanding 
Notes, in whole or in part, at any time prior to their Relevant Redemption 
Date at their Make-Whole Redemption Amount together with any 
accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes up to, but excluding, the 
Optional Make-Whole Redemption Date.
Clean-Up Call Option:
If a Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, in the event that at least 75% of the initial 
aggregate principal amount of a particular Series of Notes have been 
purchased or redeemed by the Issuer, the Issuer may, at its option but 
subject to having given not more than forty-five (45) nor less than fifteen 
(15) calendar days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), redeem all, but not some only, of the remaining Notes in 
that Series at par together with any interest accrued to the date set for 
redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears of interest), 
provided that if Make-Whole Redemption is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms and the Issuer has partially exercised the make-
whole redemption option, the Clean-up Call Option shall not be 
exercised within a period of twelve (12) months as from any Make-
Whole Redemption Date.

--- Page 11 ---
- 11 -
WS0101.38073570.1
Residual Maturity Call Option:
If a Residual Maturity Call Option by the Issuer is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, at its option but subject to having 
given not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days' 
notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the 
Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms), redeem in whole or in part the remaining Notes 
in that Series at par together with any interest accrued to, but excluding, 
the date fixed for redemption, at any time during the period starting on 
(and including) the Residual Maturity Call Option Date (as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) and ending on (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date.
Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders following a Change 
of Control:
Each Noteholder may at its sole option require the early redemption of 
all or part of its Notes at their principal amount plus any interest accrued 
since the last Interest Payment Date (or, as the case may be, since the 
Issue Date) if a Change of Control or a Share Transfer occurs.
Put Option:
If a Put Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
each Noteholder will have the option to require the Issuer to redeem the 
relevant Notes on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at their Optional 
Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date fixed 
for redemption.
Taxation:
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of 
the Issuer in respect of the Notes or Coupons shall be made free and clear 
of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding 
or deduction is required by law.
If any French law or regulation require that any payment of principal, 
interest or other revenues in respect of any Note or Coupon be subject to 
withholding or deduction in respect of any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or 
levied by or on behalf of the Republic of France or any political 
subdivision or authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer 
will (subject to certain limited exceptions), to the fullest extent then 
permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt 
by the Noteholders or, if applicable, the Couponholders, as the case may 
be, of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such 
deduction or withholding been required.
Interest Periods and Interest 
Rates:
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable interest 
rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to time or be 
constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate, or both. The use of interest periods permits the 
Notes to bear interest at different rates in the same interest period. All 
such information (except the method of calculation) will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms.
Fixed Rate Notes:
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.
Floating Rate Notes:
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined as follows:
(i)
on the same basis as the floating rate under an interest rate swap 
transaction in the relevant specified currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating the FBF Definitions published by the 
Fédération Bancaire Française; or

--- Page 12 ---
- 12 -
WS0101.38073570.1
(ii)
on the same basis as the floating rate under an interest rate swap 
transaction in the relevant specified currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating either the 2006 ISDA Definitions or 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions, in each case as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
("ISDA"), as amended, supplemented and updated as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant 
Series as specified in the relevant Final Terms; or
(iii)
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on an agreed screen 
page of a commercial quotation service or on the basis of 
market quotations, subject to the provisions, where applicable, 
of a benchmark discontinuation. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating Rate Notes 
and specified in the relevant Final Terms.
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum 
interest rate or both, provided that in no event will the relevant interest 
amount be less than zero.
Benchmark Discontinuation:
In the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any rate of interest 
(or any component part thereof) cannot be determined by reference to 
the original benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours 
to appoint an Independent Adviser to determine a Successor Rate or an 
Alternative Rate (with consequent amendments to the terms of such 
Series of Notes and potentially, the application of an Adjustment Spread 
which could be negative or positive).
Inflation Linked Notes:
Inflation Linked Notes may be issued by the Issuer where the interest 
and/or the principal in respect of such Notes will be calculated by 
reference to an inflation index ratio derived from either (i) the consumer 
price index (excluding tobacco) for all households in metropolitan 
France, as calculated and published monthly by the Institut National de 
la Statistique et des Etudes Economiques ("INSEE"), or (ii) the 
harmonised index of consumer prices (excluding tobacco), or the 
relevant successor index, measuring the rate of inflation in the European 
Monetary Union (excluding tobacco) as calculated and published 
monthly by Eurostat ("Eurostat").
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes:
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that, on the 
Switch Date, (i) the Issuer may elect to convert from a Fixed Rate to a 
Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) will 
automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from a 
Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate, as specified in the Final Terms.
Zero Coupon Notes:
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a 
discount to it and will not pay periodic interest (other than in the case of 
late payment).
Sustainability-Linked Notes:
Step-Up Option 
Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes and Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
issued by the Issuer may be subject to a Step-Up Margin if the relevant 
Final Terms indicate that the Step-Up Option is applicable. If the Step-
Up Option is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms 
and a Step-Up Trigger Event occurs, the Rate of Interest (or the 
applicable Margin, in the case of Floating Rate Notes or Fixed/Floating

--- Page 13 ---
- 13 -
WS0101.38073570.1
Rate Notes) for each Interest Period from and including any Interest 
Step-Up Payment Date until the Maturity Date, shall be the sum of the 
Initial Rate of Interest (or the initial Margin, in the case of Floating Rate 
Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate Notes) and the applicable Step-Up Margin. 
Premium Payment Option 
Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes and Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
issued by the Issuer may be subject to a Premium Payment Amount if 
the relevant Final Terms indicate that the Premium Payment Option is 
applicable. If the Premium Payment Option is specified as being 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms and a Premium Trigger Event 
occurs, the Notes shall be redeemed on the relevant Premium Payment 
Date at their Adjusted Final Redemption Amount.
See Condition 6.5 "Sustainability-Linked Notes" for further information.
Redenomination:
Notes issued in the currency of any Member State of the EU which will 
participate in the single currency of the EU may be redenominated into 
Euro, all as more fully provided in Condition 2 (Form, denomination(s), 
title, redenomination and method of issue) below.
Consolidation:
Notes of one Series may be consolidated with Notes of another Series as 
more fully provided in Condition 14 (Further issues and consolidation).
Governing Law and Jurisdiction:
French law.
Any legal action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes, Coupons or Talons will be irrevocably submitted to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the competent courts of the Issuer’s head office.
Clearing Systems:
The Notes will be accepted for clearance through Euroclear France as 
central depositary in relation to Dematerialised Notes and Clearstream, 
Euroclear or any other clearing system that may be agreed between the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer in relation to 
Materialised Notes, as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms.
Issue Price:
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium 
to their nominal amount.
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will 
be determined by the Issuer and each relevant Dealer at the time of issue 
in accordance with prevailing market conditions.
Admission to Trading:
Application may be made for Notes to be issued under the Programme, 
for a period of twelve (12) months from the date of the approval granted 
by the AMF on this Base Prospectus, to be admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris. The Notes may also be listed or admitted to trading, as 
the case may be, on any other Regulated Market in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation or on any other trading platform, or a Series of 
Notes may be unlisted, or Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to 
trading may also be issued, in any case as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Method of Publication:
This Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus and any 
documents incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus will be 
published on the websites of (a) the Issuer (www.airfranceklm.com) and 
(b), provided they constitute documents on which the AMF has granted 
a filing or registration number, the AMF (www.amf-france.org). The 
Final Terms relating to Notes admitted on any Regulated Market in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation will be published, so long as

--- Page 14 ---
- 14 -
WS0101.38073570.1
such Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, on the websites of 
(a) the Issuer (www.airfranceklm.com) and (b) the AMF (www.amf-
france.org).
Selling Restrictions:
The Notes shall not be offered to retail investors in France or in any other 
Member State of the EEA or in the United Kingdom. There are other 
restrictions on the offer and sale of Notes and the distribution of offering 
material in various jurisdictions including the United States of America, 
United Kingdom, Hong Kong, People's Republic of China and 
Singapore. See the section headed “Subscription and Sale” of this Base 
Prospectus.
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S.
Materialised Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) or any successor regulation issued under the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as amended (the "Code") section 
4701(b) that contains rules identical to the rules that currently apply 
under Code section 163(f)(2)(B) (the "D Rules") unless (i) the relevant 
Final Terms states that such Materialised Notes are issued in compliance 
with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) or any successor regulation 
issued under Code section 4701(b) that contains rules identical to the 
rules that currently apply under Code section 163(f)(2)(B) (the "C 
Rules") or (ii) such Materialised Notes are issued other than in 
compliance with the D Rules or the C Rules but in circumstances in 
which the Notes will not constitute “registration required obligations” 
under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 
1982 ("TEFRA"), which circumstances will be referred to in the 
relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable.
Dematerialised Notes do not require compliance with TEFRA.
Rating:
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the Issuer's long-term debt has 
been rated BBB- with a stable outlook by Fitch and BB+ with a stable 
outlook by S&P.
Fitch and S&P are established in the European Union and registered 
under the CRA Regulation and are included in the list of credit rating 
agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation published 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation). 
Notes issued under the Programme may, or may not, be rated. The rating 
of Notes (if any) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The 
relevant Final Terms will specify whether or not such credit ratings are 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and 
registered under the CRA Regulation. Credit ratings are subject to 
revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the relevant rating 
organisation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating agency without notice.
Representation of Noteholders:
Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped 
automatically for the defense of their common interests in a masse (the 
"Masse") which will be governed by the provisions of Articles L.228-46 
et seq. of the French Code de commerce, with the exception of Articles 
L. 228-48, L. 228-59, L. 228-65 I 1° and 4°, L. 228-65 II, L. 228-71, 
R. 228-67, R.228-69, R.228-72 and R. 228-76 al. 1, as amended and 
supplemented by Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions, shall apply.

--- Page 15 ---
- 15 -
WS0101.38073570.1
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a 
representative (the "Representative") and in part through collective 
decisions of the Noteholders (the "Collective Decisions").

--- Page 16 ---
- 16 -
WS0101.38073570.1
RISK FACTORS
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued 
under the Programme. The risk factors may relate to the Issuer or the Group.
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the 
Programme are also described below.
The Issuer believes that the factors described below and in the documents incorporated by reference represent 
the main risks inherent in investing in Notes issued under the Programme. The Issuer does not represent that the 
statements below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. The risks described below and in the 
documents incorporated by reference are not the only risks the Issuer, the Group or any of its subsidiaries face. 
Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to the Issuer or that are currently believed to be immaterial 
could also have a material impact on its business operations. Prospective investors should also read the detailed 
information set out elsewhere or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms of the 
relevant Notes and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. In particular, investors should 
make their own assessment as to the risks associated with the Notes prior to investing in Notes issued under the 
Programme.
In each sub-category below the Issuer sets out first the most material risk, in its assessment, taking into account 
the expected magnitude of its negative impact and the probability of its occurrence. 
Terms defined herein shall have the same meaning as in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes".
1.
Risk factors relating to the Issuer 
The risk factors relating to the Issuer and its activities are set out on pages 198 to 216 of the 2023 
Universal Registration Document and on pages 19 to 20 of the 2024 Half Year Financial Report which 
which are each incorporated by reference herein (as defined in Section “Documents Incorporated by 
Reference” of this Base Prospectus). The risk factors considered to be the most significant (indicated by 
an asterisk) are presented first. These risks include:

Geopolitical and macro-economic risks;
-
International tensions: closed borders, wars, terrorist attacks, political and social unrest, health 
crises…*;
-
Economic Uncertainty*;
-
Risks relations to oil and fuel prices*;
-
Competition and trends in the aeronautics maintenance market; and
-
Changes in the competitive landscape for the air travel business;

Risks relating to the air transportation activity;
-
Risks related to airline safety*;
-
Climate-related risks*;
-
Noise management*;
-
Air pollution*; 
-
Loss of flight slots or lack of access to flight slots;
-
Carbon credit risk;
-
Reinforcement of passenger compensation rights;
-
Regulatory authorities’ inquiry into the commercial cooperation agreements between carriers; 
and

--- Page 17 ---
- 17 -
WS0101.38073570.1
-
Commitments vis-à-vis the European Commission.

Risks related to the Group's processes;
-
Operational performance and customer risks*;
-
Failure of a critical IT system, IT risks and cyber criminality;

Cyber criminality*;

Data security;

Business continuity and regulatory compliance;
-
Working conditions and human capital development; 

Social stability and employee engagement;

Key competencies and attractivity;
-
Non-compliance with regulations, including competition, data protection, trade compliance 
and export control, anti-corruption and duty of vigilance laws; 

Legal Risks;
-
Legal risks related to litigation; 

Financial market risks;
-
Balance sheet risk*;
-
Currency risks;
-
Liquidity Investment risk;
-
Foreign exchange risk on debt valuation;
-
Interest rate risk;
-
Tangible assets investment currency exposure; and
-
Counterparty risk exposure.
2.
Risk factors relating to the Notes
The following paragraphs describe the principal risk factors that the Issuer believes are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risk associated with the Notes. 
2.1
Risks related to legal issues regarding the Notes
Credit Risk
As contemplated in Condition 4, the Notes and, where applicable, the Coupons relating to these constitute 
direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 5) unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer. An investment in the Notes involves credit risk on the Issuer. The value of the 
Notes will depend on the creditworthiness of the Issuer. If the creditworthiness of the Issuer deteriorates, 
the potential impact on the Noteholder could be very high. A deterioration in creditworthiness of the 
Issuer could give rise to serious negative repercussions on the Noteholders, and notwithstanding 
Condition 10 which enables the Noteholders to request the redemption of the Notes, because: (i) the 
Issuer may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under the Notes, (ii) the market value 
of the Notes may decrease, and (iii) Noteholders may lose all or part of their investment.

--- Page 18 ---
- 18 -
WS0101.38073570.1
French insolvency law
The Issuer is a société anonyme with its corporate seat in France. In the event that the Issuer becomes 
insolvent, insolvency proceedings will be generally governed by the insolvency laws of France to the 
extent that, where applicable, the "centre of main interests" (as construed under Regulation (EU) 
2015/848, as amended) of the Issuer is located in France. 
Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and 
disqualifications, and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, 
insolvency and discharge of debt, and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 has been transposed into 
French law by Ordonnance no. 2021-1193 dated 15 September 2021. Such Ordonnance amends French 
insolvency laws notably with regard to the process of adoption of restructuring plans under insolvency 
proceedings. According to this Ordonnance, “affected parties” (including notably creditors, and therefore 
the Noteholders) shall be treated in separate classes for the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. 
Classes shall be formed in such a way that each class comprises claims or interests with rights that reflect 
a sufficient commonality of interest based on verifiable criteria. Noteholders will no longer deliberate on 
the proposed restructuring plan in a separate assembly, meaning that they will no longer benefit from a 
specific veto power on this plan. Instead, as any other affected parties, the Noteholders will be grouped 
into one or several classes (with potentially other types of creditors) and their dissenting vote may 
possibly be overridden by a cross-class cram down.
The decision of each class is taken by a two-third (2/3rd) majority of the voting rights of the participating 
members, no quorum being required.
If the restructuring plan is not approved by all classes of affected parties, it can still be ratified by the 
court at the request of the Issuer or the receiver with the Issuer's consent and be imposed on dissenting 
classes through a cross-class cram down, under certain conditions.
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions relating to the representation of Noteholders described in 
Condition 12 will not be applicable to the extent they are not in compliance with compulsory insolvency 
law provisions that apply in these circumstances.
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer would have a material adverse effect 
on the market value of Notes issued by the Issuer. As a consequence, any decision taken by a class of 
affected parties, could negatively and significantly impact the Noteholders and cause them to lose all or 
part of their investment, should they not be able to recover all or part of the amounts due to them from 
the Issuer.
Modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes
Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contains provisions for calling General Meetings 
of Noteholders or consulting them by way of consultation in writing to consider matters affecting their 
interests generally. The Terms and Conditions permit in certain cases defined majorities to bind all 
Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend (or were not represented) and vote at the relevant 
General Meeting, Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority and Noteholders who did 
not respond to, or rejected, a Written Resolution. Noteholders may through Collective Decisions 
deliberate on proposals relating to the modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes subject to 
the limitations provided by French law. If a proposal is duly adopted through such a Collective Decision 
and such modifications were to impair or limit the rights of Noteholders, this could have a negative 
impact on the market value of the Notes.
By exception to the above provisions, Condition 12.9 (Exclusion of certain provisions of the French 
Code de commerce) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide that (i) the provisions of Article 
L.228-65 I. 1° and 4° of the French Code de commerce (respectively providing for a prior approval of 
the General Meeting of the Noteholders of any change in corporate purpose or form of the Issuer or of 
an issue of bonds benefiting from a security (sûreté réelle)) and the related provisions of the French Code 
de commerce shall not apply to the Notes. As a result of these exclusions, the prior approval of the 
Noteholders will not have to be obtained on any such matters which may affect their interests generally.
Any decline in the credit ratings of the Issuer may affect the market value of the Notes
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the Issuer's long-term debt has been rated BBB- with a stable 
outlook by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”) and BB+ with a stable outlook by S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”). The credit ratings of the Issuer are an assessment of its ability to pay

--- Page 19 ---
- 19 -
WS0101.38073570.1
its obligations, including those arising from the Notes. Any such ratings may not continue for any period 
of time or may not be reviewed, revised, suspended or withdrawn entirely by the relevant rating agencies 
as a result of changes in or unavailability of information or if, in the rating agencies' judgment, 
circumstances so warrant. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, 
market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. 
Consequently, actual or anticipated declines in the credit ratings of the Issuer may affect the market value 
of the Notes.
In addition, one or more independent credit rating agencies other than Fitch or S&P could seek to rate 
the Notes and if such unsolicited ratings are lower than the comparable ratings assigned to the Notes by 
Fitch or S&P, as the case may be, such unsolicited ratings could have an adverse effect on the value of 
the Notes.
2.2
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes
2.2.1
Early redemption Risks
Notes subject to optional and early redemption by the Issuer
The Issuer has the option to redeem all of the Notes:

under a call option as provided in Condition 7.2.1 of the Terms and Conditions if, in the case 
of any particular Series of Notes, the relevant Final Terms so specify; or

under a make-whole call option as provided in Condition 7.2.2 of the Terms and Conditions 
unless in the case of any particular Series of Notes the Final Terms specify otherwise; or

under a clean-up call option as provided in Condition 7.2.3 of the Terms and Conditions if, in 
the case of any particular Series of Notes, the relevant Final Terms so specify; or

under a residual maturity call option as provided in Condition 7.2.4 of the Terms and Conditions 
if, in the case of any particular Series of Notes, the relevant Final Terms so specify.
Any optional redemption feature where the Issuer is given the right to redeem the Notes early is likely 
to limit the market value of such Notes. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, 
the market value of such Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be 
redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period.
In particular, with respect to the Residual Maturity Call Option by the Issuer, there is no specified period 
for the exercise of such option in Condition 7.2.4 (Residual Maturity Call Option). The duration of the 
exercise period is not framed by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms depending on the type and features of the Notes to be issued. Such exercise period 
may be different between Series of Notes and it may differ from the exercise period of residual maturity 
call option usually specified for similar securities.
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds 
at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able 
to do so at a significantly lower rate. Prospective investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of 
other investments available at that time.
As a consequence, redemption at the option of the Issuer could cause the yield anticipated by the 
Noteholders to be considerably less than expected, and the redeemed face amount of the Notes may be 
lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder. Part of the capital invested by the 
Noteholder may be lost, so that the Noteholder in such case would not receive the total amount of the 
capital invested. In addition, investors that choose to reinvest monies they receive through an early 
redemption may be able to do so only in securities with a lower yield than the redeemed Notes.
In particular, with respect to the Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer, there is no obligation under the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes for the Issuer to inform Noteholders if and when the threshold of 
25% of the initial aggregate principal amount of a particular Series of Notes referred to in Condition

--- Page 20 ---
- 20 -
WS0101.38073570.1
7.2.3 (Clean-up Call Option) has been reached or is about to be reached, and the Issuer's right to redeem 
will exist notwithstanding that, immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of 
the Clean-up Call Option, the Notes may have been traded significantly above par, thus potentially 
resulting in a loss of capital invested.
Furthermore, the exercise of the Make-whole call by the Issuer, pursuant to Condition 7.2.2 (Make-whole 
redemption), may be subject to certain refinancing conditions referred to in the notice published by the 
Issuer in connection thereto. Should the refinancing condition, if applicable, not be satisfied, the notice 
of exercise of the make-whole option by the Issuer will be revoked and the Notes will not be redeemed, 
which may have a negative impact on the Noteholders as the market price of the Notes is likely to fall 
below the expected Make-Whole Redemption Amount.
Risks related to partial redemption by the Issuer of the Notes
The Call Option (provided in Condition 7.2.1 of the Terms and Conditions), the Make-Whole 
Redemption (provided in Condition 7.2.2 of the Terms and Conditions) and the Residual Maturity Call 
Option (provided in Condition 7.2.4 of the Terms and Conditions) are exercisable in whole or in part (if 
so provided in the case of the Call Option). If the Issuer decides to redeem the Notes in part, such partial 
redemption shall be effected by application of a pool factor (corresponding to a reduction of the nominal 
amount of all such Notes in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed). The exercise of such 
options by the Issuer in respect of certain Notes may affect the liquidity of the Notes of the same Series 
in respect of which such option is not exercised. Depending on the proportion of the principal amount of 
all of the Notes so reduced, any trading market in respect of those Notes in respect of which such option 
is not exercised may become illiquid.
Risk related to the exercise of a put option by the Noteholders following a Change of Control or a 
Share Transfer or if a Put Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms
In the event of a Change of Control of the Issuer or in the event a Share Transfer in each case as provided 
in Condition 7.3.1 (Redemption at the option of Noteholders following a Change of Control) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes, each Noteholder will have the right at its sole option to request the Issuer 
to redeem all or part of its Notes at their principal amount together with any accrued interest (subject to 
certain conditions, all as more fully described in Condition 7.3.1 (Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders following a Change of Control)). In such case, any trading market in respect of those Notes 
in respect of which such redemption right is not exercised may become less liquid or illiquid. As of 30 
June 2024, the Issuer holds 100% of the share capital and voting rights of Société Air France and 99.70% 
of the dividend rights and 49% of the voting rights of KLM.
In addition, Condition 7.3.2 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows the Noteholders to exercise 
the Put Option with respect to a Series of Notes if the relevant Final Terms so specify. 
Depending on the number of Notes of the same Series in respect of which such options are exercised, 
any trading market in respect of those Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may become 
less liquid or illiquid. In addition, investors may not be able to reinvest the moneys they receive upon 
such early redemption in securities with the same yield as the redeemed Notes.
Redemption for taxation reason
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to pay additional amounts in respect of any Notes due to 
any deduction or withholding in respect of any present or future taxes or duties whatsoever, as provided 
in Condition 7.6 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Issuer may and, in certain circumstances 
shall, redeem all of the Notes then outstanding in accordance with such Condition. As a consequence, 
investors that choose to reinvest monies they receive through an early redemption may not be able to do 
so at the same yield than the redeemed Notes.
2.2.2
Interest Rate Risks 
Floating Rate Notes
Condition 6.2 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for Floating Rate Notes to be issued. 
Investment in Notes which bear interest at a floating rate comprise (i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin

--- Page 21 ---
- 21 -
WS0101.38073570.1
to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such reference rate. Typically, the relevant margin 
will not change throughout the life of the Notes but there will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three (3) months or six (6) months) which 
itself will change in accordance with general market conditions. Accordingly, the market value of 
Floating Rate Notes may be volatile if changes, particularly short term changes, to market interest rates 
evidenced by the relevant reference rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the 
next periodic adjustment of the relevant reference rate. Therefore, the amount of interest payable by the 
Issuer may vary and Noteholders may receive no interest. Should the reference rate be at any time 
negative, it could, notwithstanding the existence of the relevant margin, result in the actual floating rate, 
consisting in the reference rate and the relevant margin, be lower than the relevant margin, provided that 
in no event will the relevant interest amount be less than zero. The interest amount payable on any Interest 
Payment Date may be different from the amount payable on the initial or previous Interest Payment Date 
and may negatively impact the return under the Notes and result in a reduced market value of the Notes 
if a Noteholder were to dispose of its Notes.
In addition, a key difference between Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Notes is that interest income 
on Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors are not able to 
determine a definitive yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their return 
on investment cannot be compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest periods. If the 
relevant Final Terms of a Tranche of Notes provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are 
exposed to the reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. As a result, Noteholders may lose all or 
part of their investments in the Notes and therefore their interests may be significantly negatively altered.
Fixed Rate Notes
Condition 6.1 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for Fixed Rate Notes to be issued. 
Investment in Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate involves the risk that subsequent changes in market 
interest rates may adversely affect the market value of the relevant Notes and potentially decrease the 
yield. As a consequence, the value on transfer of the Notes would be less than it would otherwise have 
been. The degree to which the market interest may vary presents a significant risk to the market value of 
the relevant Tranche of Notes if the Noteholder were to dispose of the Notes. As a consequence, part of 
the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost on any disposal of the Notes, so that the Noteholder 
in such case would not receive the total amount of the capital invested.
Inflation Linked Notes
Condition 6.2.4 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for the issuance of Inflation Linked 
Notes. Inflation Linked Notes are debt securities which do not provide for predetermined redemption 
amounts and/or interest payments but amounts due in respect of principal and/or interest will be 
dependent upon the performance of an inflation index, which will be either (i) the consumer price index 
(excluding tobacco) for all households in metropolitan France (the "CPI") as calculated and published 
monthly by the Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes Economiques ("INSEE"), or (ii) the 
harmonised index of consumer prices (excluding tobacco), or the relevant successor index, measuring 
the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union (excluding tobacco) as calculated and published 
monthly by Eurostat (the "HICP") (each an "Inflation Index" and together, the "Inflation Indices"). If 
the value of the relevant index calculated at any time prior to the maturity date is lower than the value of 
the relevant index at the time of the issue of the Notes or at the time of purchase by the Noteholders, then 
the amount of interest payable by the Issuer and/or the principal of Inflation Linked Notes may vary. 
However, if the nominal amount to be repaid at maturity is below par, the Inflation Linked Notes will be 
redeemed at par.
The interest amount payable on any Interest Payment Date may be different from the amount payable on 
the initial or previous Interest Payment Date and may negatively impact the return under the Inflation 
Linked Notes and result in a reduced market value of the Inflation Linked Notes if a Noteholder were to 
dispose of its Inflation Linked Notes. Noteholders may receive no interest and it could materially and 
adversely affect the liquidity of the Inflation Linked Notes and investors could lose all or part of their 
investment.
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes
Condition 6.3 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for Fixed/Floating Rate Notes to be 
issued. Fixed/Floating rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that on the Switch Date (i) the Issuer may

--- Page 22 ---
- 22 -
WS0101.38073570.1
elect to convert from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) will 
automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer's ability to convert the interest rate will affect the 
secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate 
when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. Where the Notes convert from a Fixed 
Rate to a Floating Rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then 
prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes having the same reference rate. In addition, the 
new Floating Rate may be lower at any time than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from 
a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate, the Fixed Rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes and 
any such volatility may have an adverse effect on the market value of the Notes.
Investors should refer to risk factors set out in the risk factors entitled "Fixed Rate Notes" and "Floating 
Rate Notes".
Zero Coupon Notes
Condition 6.4 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for Zero Coupon Notes to be issued. 
Changes in market interest rates have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes 
than on the prices of ordinary Notes because the discounted issue prices are substantially below par. If 
market interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses than other Notes having 
the same maturity and credit rating. Therefore, in similar market conditions the holders of Zero Coupon 
Notes could be subject to higher losses on their investments than the holders of other instruments such 
as Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes. Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type 
of investment associated with a particularly high price risk and Noteholders may, as a result, lose all or 
part of their investment in the Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial premium
The relevant Final Terms of a Tranche of Notes will specify the relevant issue price. The market values 
of securities issued at a substantial premium from their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation 
to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, 
the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional 
interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. Therefore, holders of Notes issued at a substantial 
premium could be exposed to greater losses on their investment than holders of conventional interest-
bearing securities.
Risks related to the regulation and reform of "benchmarks"
In accordance with the provisions of Condition 6.2.3(e) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and 
where the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, as 
the case may be, specify that the Rate of Interest for such Notes will be determined by reference to 
Reference Rates that constitute "benchmarks" (including EURIBOR), it should be noted that such 
"benchmarks" are the subject of national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. 
Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may 
cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, to be subject to 
revised calculation methods, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such 
consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Floating Rate Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes linked to or referencing such a "benchmark". 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the "Benchmarks Regulation") applies to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the 
European Union.
Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered with the 
competent authority of a Member State (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or 
otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of 
"benchmarks" of administrators that are not authorised or registered with the competent authority of a 
Member State (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 6.2.3(e) (Benchmark Discontinuation), the Benchmarks 
Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark, in particular:

--- Page 23 ---
- 23 -
WS0101.38073570.1
-
an index that is a "benchmark" may not be permitted to be used by a supervised entity in certain 
ways if its administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration or, if based in a non-EU 
jurisdiction, the administrator is not recognised as equivalent or recognised or endorsed and the 
transitional provisions do not apply; and
-
if the methodology or other terms of the relevant benchmark are changed in order to comply with 
the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the 
effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published 
rate or level of the relevant benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny 
of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discourage market participants 
from continuing to administer or contribute to certain benchmarks; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in certain benchmarks or (iii) lead to the disappearance of certain benchmarks. Any 
of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms 
or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on 
any Floating Rate Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 has 
amended the existing provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation by extending the transitional provisions 
applicable to critical benchmarks and third-country benchmarks until the end of 2021.
The Benchmarks Regulation was further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 which introduced a harmonised approach to deal with 
the cessation or wind-down of certain benchmarks (such as EURIBOR) by conferring the power to 
designate a statutory replacement for certain benchmarks on the European Commission or the relevant 
national authority, such replacement being limited to contracts and financial instruments (such as certain 
Notes issued under the Programme) which contain no fallback provision or no suitable fallback 
provisions before the date of cessation of the benchmark concerned. This replacement could have a 
negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and return on, certain Notes issued under the Programme 
linked to or referencing such benchmark and may not operate as intended at the relevant time or may 
perform differently from the discontinued or unavailable benchmark. 
In addition, the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks have been extended until 
the end of 2025 by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2222 of 14 July 2023. 
If a benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Floating Rate Notes 
or Fixed/Floating Rate Notes which are linked to or which reference such benchmark will be determined 
for the relevant period pursuant to the fall-back provisions applicable to such Floating Rate Notes or 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes. Depending on the manner in which a benchmark is to be determined under 
the Terms and Conditions, this may, in certain circumstances, (i) if ISDA Determination or FBF 
Determination applies, result in the application of a backward-looking, risk-free overnight rate, whereas 
the benchmark rate is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and includes a risk-element based 
on inter-bank lending or (ii) if Screen Rate Determination applies, result in the effective application of a 
fixed rate based on the rate which applied for the immediately preceding Interest Period for which the 
benchmark was available (please refer to the risk factor entitled "The occurrence of a Benchmark Event 
could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Floating Rate Notes or 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks"" below). Any of the foregoing 
could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Floating Rate Notes or 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark".
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return 
on any Floating Rate Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks"
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, Condition 6.2.3(e) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provides 
for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, including if an inter-bank 
offered rate (such as EURIBOR) and/or any page on which such benchmark may be published, becomes

--- Page 24 ---
- 24 -
WS0101.38073570.1
unavailable, or if the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or any other party responsible for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) are no longer permitted 
lawfully to calculate interest on any Floating Rate Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate Notes by reference to 
such benchmark under the Benchmarks Regulation or otherwise. Such fallback arrangements include the 
possibility for the rate of interest to be set by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (both 
as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes), with or without the application of an adjustment 
spread (which, if applied, could be positive or negative, and would be applied with a view to reducing or 
eliminating, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or 
benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark), and may 
include amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper operation of the 
successor or replacement benchmark, all as determined by the Independent Adviser and without the 
consent of the Noteholders.
In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback for a particular Interest Period, including where no 
Independent Adviser has been appointed or Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is 
determined, may be that the rate of interest for such Interest Period be based on the rate which applied 
for the immediately preceding Interest Period. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, 
the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time.
This ultimate fallback may result in the effective application of a Fixed Rate Notes linked to or 
referencing a "benchmark". In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor 
Rates and Alternative Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback 
provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time.
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such 
Floating Rate Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate Notes and as a consequence, Noteholders may lose part of 
their investment.
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any 
relevant rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark" or could have a material adverse effect 
on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes or Fixed/Floating 
Rate Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark". The Independent Adviser will have discretion to 
adjust the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) in the circumstances described 
above. Any such adjustment could have unexpected consequences and, due to the particular 
circumstances of each Noteholder, any such adjustment may not be favourable to each Noteholder.
Investors should consider all of these matters when making their investment decision with respect to the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks" 
because the occurrence of a Benchmark Event could result in the loss of a portion of the principal amount 
invested in the relevant Floating Rate Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate Notes.
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates (including overnight rates such as SOFR) 
as reference rates for Floating Rate Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate Notes
Condition 6.2.3(d) allows Notes referencing the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") to be 
issued. Currently, the market continues to develop in relation to the adoption of SOFR as an alternative 
reference rate to U.S. dollar LIBOR. The market may adopt an application of SOFR that differs 
significantly from the provisions set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (see Condition 
6.2.3(d)) and used in relation to Notes with a floating rate of interest that reference a SOFR rate. 
The ongoing development of these overnight risk-free rates as interest reference rates for the Eurobond 
markets, as well as continued development of such rates for such markets and the market infrastructure 
for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect 
the market price of the Floating Rate Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate Notes. The return on and value of 
Notes that reference a SOFR rate may fluctuate more than Notes that are linked to less volatile rates. 
Since overnight risk-free rates are relatively new market indexes, the Notes will likely have no 
established trading market when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may 
not be very liquid. Investors in the Notes may not be able to sell the Notes at all or may not be able to 
sell the Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a

--- Page 25 ---
- 25 -
WS0101.38073570.1
developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market 
risk.
Interest on Notes which reference a SOFR rate is only capable of being determined at the end of the 
relevant interest period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date and it could be 
difficult for investors to estimate in advance the interest amount which will be payable on such Notes.
The use of SOFR as a reference rate is subject to important limitations
The rate of interest on the Notes may be calculated on the basis of SOFR (as further described under 
Condition 6.2.3(d)).
As SOFR is an overnight funding rate, interest on SOFR-based Notes with interest periods longer than 
overnight will be calculated on the basis of either the arithmetic mean of SOFR over the relevant interest 
period or compounding SOFR during the relevant interest period. As a consequence of this calculation 
method, the amount of interest payable on each interest payment date will only be known a short period 
of time prior to the relevant interest payment date. Noteholders therefore will not know in advance the 
interest amount which will be payable on such Notes.
Also, since the SOFR is a relatively new market index, the Notes will likely have no established trading 
market when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. 
Market terms for debt securities indexed on SOFR, may evolve over time, and trading prices of the Notes 
may be lower than those of later-issued indexed debt securities as a result. Similarly, if the SOFR does 
not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of the Notes may be lower than 
those of debt securities linked to indices that are more widely used. Noteholders may not be able to sell 
the Notes at all or may not be able to sell the Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield 
comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market and may consequently suffer 
from increased pricing volatility and market risk.
The Federal Reserve Bank of New York notes on its publication page for SOFR that use of the SOFR is 
subject to important limitations and disclaimers, including that the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
may alter the methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision practices or availability of the 
SOFR at any time without notice. In addition, SOFR is published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York based on data received from other sources. SOFR may be discontinued or fundamentally altered in 
a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. If the manner in which the SOFR 
is calculated is changed or if SOFR is discontinued, that change or discontinuance may result in a 
reduction or elimination of the amount of interest payable on the Notes and a reduction in the trading 
prices of the Notes which would have an adverse effect on the Noteholders who could lose part of their 
investment.
2.2.3
Risks relating to Sustainability-Linked Notes 
Risks that may result from the structure of the financial incentives of Sustainability-Linked Notes
As provided in Condition 6.5 (Sustainability-Linked Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, 
the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes may specify that the Notes will be issued as Sustainability-Linked Notes with a Step-Up Option 
and/or a Premium Payment Option which will be triggered if a Sustainability Trigger Event occurs. A 
Sustainability Trigger Event may occur (i) if the Issuer fails to satisfy the Sustainability Performance 
Target(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms on the relevant Target Observation Date(s), or (ii) if the 
Issuer fails to publish the applicable Sustainability Performance Report, the Assurance Report or, if 
applicable, the SPT Verification Assurance Certificate, in accordance with Condition 6.5.4 of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes. 
Sustainability-Linked Notes may not satisfy an investor’s requirements or any future legal or quasi-legal 
standards for investment in assets with sustainability characteristics. In particular, Sustainability-Linked 
Notes are not being marketed as "green bonds", "social bonds" or "sustainable bonds" as the relevant net 
proceeds of the issue of any Sustainability-Linked Notes will be used for the Issuer’s general corporate 
purposes, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer does not commit to (i) 
allocate the relevant net proceeds specifically to projects or business activities meeting sustainability 
criteria or (ii) be subject to any other limitations or requirements that may be associated with green bonds,

--- Page 26 ---
- 26 -
WS0101.38073570.1
social bonds or sustainability bonds in any particular market, except as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. In this context, there may be adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts resulting from 
the Group’s efforts to achieve the Sustainability Performance Target(s) or from the use of the net 
proceeds from the offering of the Sustainability-Linked Notes.
In addition, the interest rate adjustment and/or premium payment in respect of the above-mentioned 
Sustainability-Linked Notes, when the Step-Up Option and/or Premium Payment Option is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, as contemplated by Condition 6.5 (Sustainability-Linked Notes) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, will depend on the Group achieving, or not achieving, the 
Sustainability Performance Target(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable for the relevant 
Series of Notes, which may be inconsistent with or insufficient to satisfy investor's requirements or 
expectations. The Group’s Sustainability Performance Target(s) are aimed at reducing Scope 1 and Scope 
3 greenhouse gas ("GHG") emissions, as further described in the section "Description of the Group’s 
Sustainability Strategy" of this Base Prospectus and the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework. 
The Group’s Sustainability Performance Targets are therefore uniquely tailored to the Group’s business, 
operations and capabilities, and they do not easily lend themselves to benchmarking against similar 
sustainability performance targets, and the related performance, of other issuers.
Risks that may result from the failure to meet the Sustainability Performance Target(s)
When the Step-Up Option and/or, as the case may be, Premium Payment Option, is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms in connection with the Sustainability Performance Target(s) and 
the relevant Sustainability Performance Target(s) is/are not met, although it will give rise to an interest 
rate adjustment or premium payment as described in Condition 6.5 (Sustainability-Linked Notes), it will 
not constitute or trigger any Event of Default or a breach of the Issuer’s obligations under the 
Sustainability-Linked Notes nor will the Issuer be required to repurchase or redeem any Sustainability-
Linked Notes as a result of such circumstances. Certain investors may have portfolio mandates or may 
wish to dispose of their Sustainability-Linked Notes and/or the Sustainability-Linked Notes may be 
excluded from any Environmental, Social and Governance ("ESG") related securities or other 
equivalently-labelled index upon the occurrence of an interest step-up or upon the failure to achieve any 
Sustainability Performance Target, which may have material consequences for the future trading prices 
of the Sustainability-Linked Notes and/or the liquidity of the Sustainability-Linked Notes. Even if the 
resulting interest step-up has the effect of increasing the yield on the relevant Sustainability-Linked Notes 
for the Noteholders, the application of such interest step-up may not sufficiently compensate the 
Noteholders for any losses suffered in terms of any change in market price of such Sustainability-Linked 
Notes in case of the failure to achieve a Sustainability Performance Target.
In addition, the failure of the Group to achieve the Sustainability Performance Target(s) could also harm 
the Group’s reputation, the consequences of which could, in each case, have a material adverse effect on 
the Group, its business prospects, its financial condition or its results of operations and ultimately its 
ability to fulfil its payments obligations in respect of the Sustainability-Linked Notes.
In respect of Sustainability-Linked Notes and following a Recalculation Event, the Sustainability 
Performance Target(s) may be amended
If a Recalculation Event occurs, Condition 6.5.6 provides that Sustainability Performance Target(s) may 
be recalculated in good faith by the Issuer to reflect some changes which impact the level of any 
Sustainability Performance Target or the Key Performance Indicator baseline, without any requirement 
for consent or approval of the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12.
The Sustainability Performance Target(s), whether amended or not, is an important factor for 
ascertaining whether or not a Sustainability Trigger Event shall occur or is occurring in respect of the 
relevant Sustainability-Linked Notes.
The occurrence of any such Recalculation Event and the consequential change of the relevant 
Sustainability Performance Target(s) may impact the payment to the Noteholders of the Premium 
Payment Amount and/or the application of the Step-Up Margin and/or the amount paid. Therefore, such 
changes may have an adverse effect on the interests of the Noteholders and may adversely affect the 
market price of the Notes.

--- Page 27 ---
- 27 -
WS0101.38073570.1
If laws and regulations evolve, the Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles on the basis of which the 
Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework has been prepared and the related Second Party Opinion 
may not be fully up to date, which could have material adverse consequences for the Sustainability-
Linked Notes
Although the Group has obtained a Second Party Opinion in relation to the alignment of the 
Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework to the 2020 Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles 
("SLBP") published by the International Capital Markets Association ("ICMA"), the SLBP has been 
developed as voluntary industry guidelines and no supervisory nor regulatory authority has passed on 
the content or adequacy of the SLBP. Second Party Opinion providers are not currently subject to any 
specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. If laws and regulations evolve, the SLBP and/or the 
Second Party Opinion may not be fully in line for these purposes, which in turn could have material 
consequences for the future trading prices of the Sustainability-Linked Notes and/or the liquidity of the 
Sustainability-Linked Notes and require investors with portfolio mandates to invest in sustainability-
linked or Climate KPI-linked or ESG-linked assets to dispose of the Sustainability-Linked Notes.
2.3
Risks related to the market of the Notes
Market value of the Notes
The relevant Final Terms of a Tranche of Notes will specify the relevant trading platforms where the 
Notes will be admitted. Application may be made to list and admit any Series of Notes issued hereunder 
to trading on Euronext Paris and/or on any other Regulated Market or any other trading platforms as the 
case may be following the passporting of the Base Prospectus. Therefore, the market value of the Notes 
will be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and a number of additional factors, including, but 
not limited to, market interest, yield rates or the time remaining to the Maturity Date.
The value of the Notes depends on a number of interrelated factors, including economic, financial and 
political events in France or elsewhere, including factors affecting capital markets generally and the 
trading platforms on which the Notes are traded. The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the 
Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price or the 
purchase price paid by a purchaser.
No active secondary market for the Notes
Although it may be specified that particular series of Notes are expected to be admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris, any particular Tranche of Notes may not be so admitted and an active trading market 
may not develop. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will 
provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. 
This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market 
risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the 
investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a 
more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity or 
the lack of liquidity may have an adverse effect on the market value of Notes.
Noteholders may not be able to sell Notes readily or at prices that would enable Noteholders to realise 
their anticipated yield. This could have a material adverse impact on the Noteholders and, as a result, 
Noteholders could lose all or part of their investments in the Notes.
Risks relating to Renminbi-denominated Notes
Notes denominated in Renminbi ("RMB Notes") may be issued under the Programme. RMB Notes 
contain particular risks for potential investors, including the risks described hereafter.
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible; there are still significant restrictions on the remittance of 
Renminbi into and out of the PRC; there is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC; each 
of which may affect the liquidity of the RMB Notes and the Issuer's ability to source Renminbi out of 
the PRC to service RMB Notes.

--- Page 28 ---
- 28 -
WS0101.38073570.1
The applicable Final Terms in relation to any Series of Notes may specify that the Notes are denominated 
in Renminbi. The government of the PRC (the "PRC Government") continues to regulate conversion 
between Renminbi and other currencies.
Although the People’s Bank of China ("PBoC") has implemented policies improving accessibility to 
Renminbi to settle cross-border transactions in the past, the PRC Government may not liberalise control 
over cross-border remittance of Renminbi in the future, the schemes for Renminbi cross-border 
utilisation may be discontinued or new regulations in the PRC may be promulgated in the future, which 
have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or out of the PRC. Despite 
the efforts in recent years to internationalise the currency, the PRC Government may impose interim or 
long-term restrictions on the cross-border remittance of Renminbi.
In the event that funds cannot be remitted out of the PRC in Renminbi, the overall availability of 
Renminbi outside the PRC and the ability of the Issuer to source Renminbi to finance its obligations 
under the RMB Notes may be adversely affected. As a result of the restrictions by the PRC Government 
on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the availability of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited.
Although the offshore Renminbi market is expected to grow in depth and size, this is subject to 
constraints imposed by PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. New PRC law and regulations 
may be promulgated or the settlement arrangements between the PBoC and certain financial institutions 
in respect of limited clearing of Renminbi outside of the PRC may be terminated or amended in the 
future, each of which may have the effect of restricting availability of Renminbi outside the PRC. The 
limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of its RMB Notes. To the extent 
the Issuer is required to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service the RMB Notes, the Issuer may not 
be able to source such Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all. Should the Issuer resort to using another 
currency, such as US Dollar, to respect its payment obligations under the RMB Notes, the relevant 
Noteholders may lose part of their investment when converting such currency back into Renminbi, 
depending on the prevailing exchange rate at that time.
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls
The Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a range of currencies. The Issuer will pay principal and 
interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency 
conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit 
(the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange 
rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. Such risks generally depend on a number of factors, 
including financial, economic and political events over which the Issuer has no control. An appreciation 
in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes.
Government and monetary or financial authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less 
interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal.

--- Page 29 ---
- 29 -
WS0101.38073570.1
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the information contained in the following 
sections which are incorporated by reference in, and shall be deemed to form part of, this Base Prospectus:
(1)
the English translation of the Issuer’s second quarter 2024 results press release (the "Second Quarter 
2024 Results Press Release") (being an English translation of the Issuer’s communiqué de presse des 
résultats du second trimestre 2024); 
https://www.airfranceklm.com/sites/default/files/2024-07/q2_2024_-_afklm_-_press_release_0.pdf 
(2)
the sections of the 2024 half-year financial report of the Issuer in French language (the "2024 Half 
Year Financial Report"), which contains the non-audited half-year consolidated condensed financial 
statements of the Issuer as at, and for the six month period ended 30 June 2024;
https://www.airfranceklm.com/sites/default/files/2024-07/2024_-_rfs_-_ven_final.pdf
(3)
the sections identified in the cross reference table below which are extracted from the Document 
d’enregistrement universel 2023 of the Issuer in French language which was filed under no. D.24-0336 
with the AMF on 26 April 2024. Such document is referred to in this Prospectus as the "2023 Universal 
Registration Document"; 
https://www.airfranceklm.com/sites/default/files/2024-04/af_urd_2023_fr_vmel2_260424.pdf
(4)
the sections identified in the cross reference table below which are extracted from the Document 
d’enregistrement universel 2022 of the Issuer in French language which was filed under no. D.23-0329 
with the AMF on 24 April 2023. Such document is referred to in this Prospectus as the "2022 Universal 
Registration Document"; 
https://www.airfranceklm.com/sites/default/files/2023-04/AFK_DEU_2022_VF_24-04-23.pdf
(5)
the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 21 December 
2022 (pages 33 to 83) filed with the AMF under number 22-500 (the "2022 Conditions") 
(https://www.airfranceklm.com/sites/default/files/2022-
12/EMTN%20Base%20Prospectus%202022%20-%20AF%20KLM.pdf); 
(6)
the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 1st August 
2023 (pages 33 to 84) filed with the AMF under number 23-338 (the "2023 Conditions" and together 
with 
the 
2022 
Conditions, 
the 
"Previous 
EMTN 
Conditions") 
(https://www.airfranceklm.com/sites/default/files/2023-08/36521051-v1-
Base%20Prospectus%202023%20-%20AF%20KLM%20-%20w.%20approval%20number.PDF).
which are identified in the cross reference table below. Such sections are incorporated in, and shall be deemed to 
form part of this Base Prospectus. Non-incorporated parts of the documents listed above are either non-relevant 
for the investors or covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus.
Any statement contained in a document or part of a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be 
modified or superseded for the purposes of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein 
modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so 
modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, be part of this Base Prospectus. Statements 
contained in any supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) published in 
accordance with section headed "Supplement to the Base Prospectus" of this Base Prospectus shall, to the extent 
applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements 
contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.
The 2023 Universal Registration Document and the 2022 Universal Registration Document are available for 
viewing on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and, together with the Second Quarter 2024 Results 
Press Release and the 2024 Half-Year Financial Report, on the website of the Issuer (www.airfranceklm.com).

--- Page 30 ---
- 30 -
WS0101.38073570.1
Free English translations of the Second Quarter 2024 Results Press Release, the 2024 Half-Year Financial Report, 
the 2023 Universal Registration Document and the 2022 Universal Registration Document are also available for 
viewing on the website of the Issuer (www.airfranceklm.com). These documents are free translations of the 
corresponding French language documents and are furnished for information purposes only and are not 
incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. The only binding versions are the French language versions.
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference, the information on the 
websites to which this Base Prospectus refers (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any information on the 
websites which appear in the documents incorporated by reference) does not form part of this Base Prospectus 
and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the information requested to be disclosed by the Issuer as a result of Annex 7 of the 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended, supplementing the Prospectus Regulation and 
not referred to in the cross reference list below is either covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus or is not 
relevant to the investors. 
The relevant page references for the information incorporated by reference herein in response to the specific 
requirements of Annex 7 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 as amended are as follows:
Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation 2019/980, as amended
Page/Ref No.
3
Risk Factors
2023 Universal Registration Document pages 198 to 
216
 2024 Half Year Financial Report pages 19 to 20
4
Information about the Issuer
4.1
History and development of the Issuer 
2023 Universal Registration Document pages 466 to 
468 
4.1.1
The legal and commercial name of the issuer 
2023 Universal Registration Document page 469 
4.1.2
The place of registration of the issuer, its registration number and 
legal entity identifier (‘LEI’). 
2023 Universal Registration Document page 469
 
4.1.3
The date of incorporation and the length of life of the issuer, except 
where the period is indefinite. 
2023 Universal Registration Document page 469
 
4.1.4
The domicile and legal form of the issuer, the legislation under 
which the issuer operates, its country of incorporation, the address, 
telephone number of its registered office (or principal place of 
business if different from its registered office) and website of the 
issuer, if any, with a disclaimer that the information on the website 
does not form part of the prospectus unless that information is 
incorporated by reference into the prospectus. 
2023 Universal Registration Document page 469
4.1.5
Any recent events particular to the issuer and which are to a 
material extent relevant to an evaluation of the issuer’s solvency. 
2024 Half Year Financial Report pages 4 to 18
Second Quarter 2024 Results Press Release pages 2 
and 3
5
Business Overview
5.1
Principal activities
5.1.1
A brief description of the issuer’s principal activities stating the 
main categories of products sold and/or services performed.
2023 Universal Registration Document pages 47 to 62
5.1.2
The basis for any statement made by the issuer regarding its 
competitive position.
2023 Universal Registration Document pages 42 to 43

--- Page 31 ---
- 31 -
WS0101.38073570.1
Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation 2019/980, as amended
Page/Ref No.
6
Organisational structure
6.1
If the issuer is part of a group, a brief description of the group and 
the issuer’s position within the group. This may be in the form of, or 
accompanied by, a diagram of the organisational structure if this 
helps to clarify the structure.
2023 Universal Registration Document pages 427 to 
429, 470 to 471
7
Trend Information 
7.1
A description of:
(a)
any material adverse change in the prospects of the issuer 
since the date of its last published audited financial 
statements; and
(b)
any significant change in the financial performance of the 
group since the end of the last financial period for which 
financial information has been published to the date of the 
registration document.
If neither of the above are applicable then the issuer should include 
(an) appropriate negative statement(s).
-
9
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies
9.1
Names, business addresses and functions within the issuer of the 
following persons and an indication of the principal activities 
performed by them outside of that issuer where these are significant 
with respect to that issuer:
(a)
members of the administrative, management or supervisory 
bodies; and
(b)
partners with unlimited liability, in the case of a limited 
partnership with a share capital.
 2023 Universal Registration Document pages 82 to 
104 and 177 to 178
2024 Half Year Financial Report pages 21 to 23
9.2
Potential conflicts of interest between members of the administrative 
and management bodies and the Issuer.
2023 Universal Registration Document pages 120 to 
121
10
Major Shareholders
10.1
To the extent known to the issuer, state whether the issuer is directly 
or indirectly owned or controlled and by whom and describe the 
nature of such control and describe the measures in place to ensure 
that such control is not abused.
2023 Universal Registration Document pages 191 to 
192 
10.2
A description of any arrangements, known to the issuer, the 
operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in 
control of the issuer.
2023 Universal Registration Document pages 191 to 
192 and pages 470 to 471
11
Financial Information concerning the Issuer’s Assets and 
Liabilities, Financial Position and Profits and Losses
Historical Financial Information
11.1
11.1.1
Historical financial information covering the latest two financial 
years (at least 24 months) or such shorter period as the issuer has 
been in operation and the audit report in respect of each year.
Consolidated financial statements 2023:
2023 Universal Registration Document pages 342 to 
434
Non-consolidated financial statements 2023 :
2023 Universal Registration Document pages 435 to 
454
Consolidated financial statements 2022:

--- Page 32 ---
- 32 -
WS0101.38073570.1
Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation 2019/980, as amended
Page/Ref No.
2022 Universal Registration Document pages 305 to 
408
Non consolidated financial statements 2022 :
2022 Universal Registration Document pages 409 to 
435
11.1.3
Accounting standards 
The financial information must be prepared according to 
International Financial Reporting Standards as endorsed in the 
Union based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002. 
If Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 is not applicable the financial 
statements must be prepared according to: 
(a) a Member State’s national accounting standards for issuers from 
the EEA as required by Directive 2013/34/ EU; 
(b) a third country’s national accounting standards equivalent to 
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 for third country issuers. 
Otherwise the following information must be included in the 
registration document: 
(a) a prominent statement that the financial information included in 
the registration document has not been prepared in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards as endorsed in the 
Union based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 and that there may 
be material differences in the financial information had Regulation 
(EC) No 1606/2002 been applied to the historical financial 
information; 
(b) immediately following the historical financial information a 
narrative description of the differences between Regulation (EC) No 
1606/2002 as adopted by the Union and the accounting principles 
adopted by the issuer in preparing its annual financial statements.
Consolidated financial statements 2023:
2023 Universal Registration Document pages 351 to 
353
Non-consolidated financial statements 2023:
2023 Universal Registration Document pages 437 to 
438
Consolidated financial statements 2022:
2022 Universal Registration Document pages 318 to 
320
Non-consolidated financial statements 2022:
2022 Universal Registration Document pages 411 to 
412
11.1.4
Where the audited financial information is prepared according to 
national accounting standards, the financial information must 
include at least the following:
Non-consolidated financial statements 2023 :
(a)
the balance sheet;
2023 Universal Registration Document page 436
(b)
the income statement;
2023 Universal Registration Document page 435
(c)
the accounting policies and explanatory notes.
2023 Universal Registration Document pages 437 to 
449
Non-consolidated financial statements 2022 :

--- Page 33 ---
- 33 -
WS0101.38073570.1
Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation 2019/980, as amended
Page/Ref No.
(a)
the balance sheet;
2022 Universal Registration Document page 410
(b)
the income statement;
2022 Universal Registration Document page 409
(c)
the accounting policies and explanatory notes.
2022 Universal Registration Document pages 411 to 
423
11.1.5
Consolidated financial statements 
If the issuer prepares both stand-alone and consolidated financial 
statements, include at least the consolidated financial statements in 
the registration document.
2023 Universal Registration Document pages 342 to 
429
2022 Universal Registration Document pages 305 to 
401
(a)
consolidated balance sheet;
2023 Universal Registration Document pages  344 to 
345
2022 Universal Registration Document pages 307 to 
308
(b)
consolidated income statement;
2023 Universal Registration Document page 342
2022 Universal Registration Document page 305
(c)
consolidated cash flow statement; and
2023 Universal Registration Document pages 348 to 
349
2022 Universal Registration Document pages 310 to 
311
(d)
accounting policies and explanatory notes.
2023 Universal Registration Document pages 350 to 
429
2022 Universal Registration Document pages 312 to 
401
Interim financial information (unaudited)
2024 Half Year Financial Report pages 26 to 70
11.1.6
Age of financial information 
The balance sheet date of the last year of audited financial 
information may not be older than 18 months from the date of the 
registration document
2023 Universal Registration Document pages 344 to 
345 and page 436
11.2
Auditing of historical annual financial information
11.2.1
The historical annual financial information must be independently 
audited. The audit report shall be prepared in accordance with 
Directive 2006/43/EC and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014.
2023 Universal Registration Document pages 430 to 
434 and 451 to 454
2022 Universal Registration Document pages 402 to 
408 and 425 to 429
11.2.1a
Where audit reports on the historical financial information have 
been refused by the statutory auditors or where they contain 
qualifications, modifications of opinion, disclaimers or an emphasis 
of matter, the reason must be given, and such qualifications, 
modifications, disclaimers or emphasis of matter must be 
reproduced in full.
N/A
11.3
Legal and arbitration proceedings
Information on any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of 
which the issuer is aware), during a period covering at least the 
previous 12 months which may have, or have had in the recent past 
2023 Universal Registration Document pages 401 to 
405 and 448 to 449
2024 Half Year Financial Report pages 61 to 62

--- Page 34 ---
- 34 -
WS0101.38073570.1
Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation 2019/980, as amended
Page/Ref No.
significant effects on the issuer and/or group’s financial position or 
profitability, or provide an appropriate negative statement.
12
Material Contracts
A brief summary of all material contracts that are not entered into in 
the ordinary course of the issuer’s business, which could result in 
any group member being under an obligation or entitlement that is 
material to the issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to security 
holders in respect of the securities being issued.
2023 Universal Registration Document pages 16 to 36, 
120 to 129, 188 to 191 and 425 to 426
Second Quarter 2024 Results Press Release pages 8 
and 9
The Previous EMTN Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the purposes only of 
further issues of Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with Notes already issued under the 
relevant Previous EMTN Conditions.
Previous EMTN Conditions
Base Prospectus dated 21 December 2022 
Pages 33 to 83
Base Prospectus dated 1st August 2023
Pages 33 to 84
Non-incorporated parts of the base prospectuses of the Issuer dated 21 December 2022 and 1st August 2023 are 
not relevant for investors.

--- Page 35 ---
- 35 -
WS0101.38073570.1
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to the 
provisions of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 18 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2019/979, as amended, following the occurrence of a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to the information included or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (including 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") which may affect the assessment of any Notes, the Issuer will 
prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus or a restated Base Prospectus, 
which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on a Regulated 
Market, shall constitute a supplement to the Base Prospectus for the purpose of the relevant provisions of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus is valid until 29 July 2025. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in the event 
of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when the Base Prospectus is 
no longer valid.
Any supplement to the Base Prospectus shall be (a) published on the websites of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) 
and the Issuer (www.airfranceklm.com) and (b) available for inspection, upon request and free of charge, during 
usual business hours, on any weekday at the registered office of the Issuer.

--- Page 36 ---
- 36 -
WS0101.38073570.1
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes.
In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical 
documents of title but will be constituted by the following text as completed by the relevant provisions of the 
Final Terms. In the case of Materialised Notes, either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with 
the relevant provisions of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed (and subject to 
simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on definitive Materialised Bearer 
Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the 
relevant Final Terms. References in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all 
Notes that may be issued under the Programme.
The Notes are issued with the benefit of an agency agreement dated 29 July 2024 between Air France-KLM (the 
"Issuer"), Société Générale as fiscal agent, paying agent, redenomination agent, consolidation agent, put agent 
and calculation agent, and the other agents named in it (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the 
"Agency Agreement"). The functions of Aether Financial Services as make-whole calculation agent have been 
agreed by separate agreement between the Issuer and Aether Financial Services. The fiscal agent, the paying 
agents, the redenomination agent, the consolidation agent, put agent and the calculation agent(s) for the time being 
(if any) are referred to below respectively as the "Fiscal Agent", the "Paying Agents" (which expression shall 
include the Fiscal Agent), the "Redenomination Agent", the "Consolidation Agent", the "Put Agent", the 
"Make-Whole Calculation Agent" and the "Calculation Agent(s)".
References below to "Conditions" are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs below.
1.
Definitions and interpretation
1.1
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below:
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA"), as may be supplemented or amended from time to time, in their updated 
version applicable as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series of Notes.
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, as published by ISDA, as 
may be supplemented or amended from time to time, in their updated version applicable as at the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the relevant Series of Notes.
"Account Holder" means any authorised intermediary institution entitled, either directly or indirectly, to hold 
accounts on behalf of its customers with Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") 
and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream").
"AMF" means the Autorité des marchés financiers.
"Amortisation Yield" means the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) used to calculate the Amortised 
Nominal Amount of a Zero Coupon Note, in accordance with the provisions of Condition 7.5.1.
"Amortised Nominal Amount" means the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note, which shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of Condition 7.5.1, the Early Redemption 
Amount upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 7.6 or Condition 7.9 or upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 10.
"Broken Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, as the case may be.
"Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.
"Business Day" means:

--- Page 37 ---
- 37 -
WS0101.38073570.1
(a)
in relation to any sum payable in Euro, a T2 Business Day and a day on which the real time gross 
settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or any successor thereto or replacement for that system 
("T2") is operating ; and/or
(b)
in relation to any sum payable in Renminbi, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments in Renminbi in Hong Kong and in the relevant Business Centre(s) (if any); 
and/or
(c)
in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than Euro and Renminbi, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the Principal Financial Centre for 
such currency and in the relevant Business Centre(s) (if any).
"Call Option" means any option of the Issuer as may be provided in the relevant Final Terms in accordance with 
Condition 7.2.1.
"Code" means the French Code monétaire et financier.
"Coupon" has the meaning given in Condition 2.1.
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any period 
of time (from and including the first calendar day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not 
constituting an Interest Period, the "Calculation Period"):
(a)
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual - ISDA" or "Act/Act" or "Act/Act (ISDA)" is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the actual number of calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, 
if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of calendar 
days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual 
number of calendar days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 
365).
(b)
if "Actual/365 - FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose numerator is the actual 
number of calendar days elapsed during the Calculation Period and whose denominator is 365. If part of 
that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, Actual/365 - FBF shall mean the sum of (i) the fraction whose 
numerator is the actual number of calendar days elapsed during the non-leap year and whose denominator 
is 365 and (ii) the fraction whose numerator is the number of actual calendar days elapsed during the 
leap year and whose denominator is 366.
(c)
if "Actual/Actual - FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of each calculation, the 
fraction whose numerator is the actual number of calendar days elapsed during such period and whose 
denominator is 365 (or 366 if 29 February falls within the Calculation Period).
(d)
if "Actual/Actual - ICMA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms:
(i)
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which it 
falls, the number of calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the 
number of calendar days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year; and
(ii)
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of:
(A)
the number of calendar days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of calendar days in 
such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year; and
(B)
the number of calendar days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of calendar days in 
such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year,
in each case where:

--- Page 38 ---
- 38 -
WS0101.38073570.1
"Determination Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none 
is specified, the Interest Payment Date, and
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a Determination Date in any 
year to but excluding the next Determination Date.
(e)
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of calendar days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365.
(f)
if "Actual/360" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of calendar days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360.
(g)
if "30/360" or "360/360 (Bond Basis)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of calendar 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1)
     360
where:
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the Calculation Period 
falls;
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately following the 
last calendar day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the 
Calculation Period falls;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the calendar day immediately 
following the last calendar day included in the Calculation Period falls;
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last calendar day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, 
in which case D2 will be 30.
(h)
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of calendar days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1)
     360
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the Calculation Period 
falls;
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the 
Calculation Period falls;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately 
following the last calendar day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 39 ---
- 39 -
WS0101.38073570.1
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last calendar day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 
30.
(i)
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of calendar days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1)
360
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately following the 
last calendar day included in the Calculation Period falls;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the 
Calculation Period falls;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately 
following the last calendar day included in the Calculation Period falls;
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
calendar day is the last calendar day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last calendar day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that calendar day is the last day of February but 
not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.
"Definitive Materialised Bearer Note" has the meaning given in Condition 2.3.
"Dematerialised Note", "Dematerialised Bearer Note", "Dematerialised Registered Note", "Dematerialised 
Administered Registered Note" and "Dematerialised Fully Registered Note" have the respective meanings 
given in Condition 2.1.
"Early Redemption Amount" means the amount payable in respect of any Note upon redemption of such Note 
pursuant to Condition 7.6 or Condition 7.9, or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10, 
which shall be determined in accordance with Condition 7.5.
"EEA" means the European Economic Area.
"Euro-zone" means the region comprised of Member States of the European Union that have adopted the single 
currency in accordance with the treaty establishing the European Community, as amended.
"Event of Default" has the meaning given in Condition 10.
"Exercise Notice" has the meaning given in Condition 7.3.
"FBF" means the Fédération Bancaire Française.
"FBF Definitions" means the definitions set out in the 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to transactions on 
forward financial instruments and the technical schedules (additifs techniques) published from time to time by the 
FBF, as may be supplemented or amended as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series, unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 40 ---
- 40 -
WS0101.38073570.1
"FBF Rate" has the meaning given in Condition 6.2.
"Final Redemption Amount" in respect of any Note means the amount to be redeemed on the Maturity Date in 
relation to such Note, which shall be determined in accordance with Condition 7.1.
"Final Terms" means, in relation to a Series or Tranche of Notes, the final terms of that Series or Tranche of 
Notes.
"Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.
"Fixed Coupon Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, as the case may be.
"Fixed Rate Note" means any Note bearing interest at a fixed rate.
"Floating Rate Note" means any Note bearing interest at a variable rate.
"General Meeting" has the meaning given in Condition 12.
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality thereof), 
court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or public) charged with 
the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of Hong Kong.
"Group" means the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole.
"Illiquidity" means that the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid, other than as a 
result of an event of Inconvertibility or Non-Transferability, as determined by the Issuer in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner following consultation with two Renminbi Dealers.
"Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to convert any 
amount due in respect of RMB Notes in the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong, other than where 
such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by 
any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date and it is impossible 
for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
"Inflation Linked Note" means any Note, interest on which is to be calculated by reference to either the consumer 
price index (excluding tobacco) for all households in metropolitan France (the "CPI"), as calculated and published 
monthly by the Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes Economiques ("INSEE") or the harmonised index 
of consumer prices (excluding tobacco), or the relevant successor index, measuring the rate of inflation in the 
European Monetary Union (excluding tobacco) as calculated and published monthly by Eurostat (the "HICP") 
(each an "Inflation Index" and together, the "Inflation Indices").
"Interest Amount" means, with respect to any Interest Period, the amount of interest payable for such Interest 
Period, and in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, means the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as the case 
may be (in each case including, for the avoidance of doubt, any applicable Step-Up Margin).
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Period or the interest amount 
in relation to RMB Notes, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the 
day falling two T2 Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period if the Specified Currency is Euro 
or (ii) the first day of such Interest Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (iii) the day falling two (2) 
Business Days in the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Period if the Specified Currency is 
neither Sterling nor Euro.
"Interest Payment Date(s)" means the date or dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.
"Interest Period" means the period from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date to (but 
excluding) the next Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date 
other than an Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 41 ---
- 41 -
WS0101.38073570.1
"ISDA Definitions" means, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, either (i) the 2006 ISDA Definitions or (ii) 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes. 
"ISDA Rate" has the meaning given in Condition 6.2.
"Issue Date" means, in respect of any Notes, the date of issuance of such Notes, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.
"Margin" means the margin(s) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.
"Masse" has the meaning given in Condition 12.
"Materialised Note" and "Materialised Bearer Note" have the meanings given in Condition 2.1.
"Materialised Note Agent" means any agent appointed by the Issuer in respect of a Series of Materialised Notes 
pursuant to Condition 2.1.2.
"Maturity Date" means, in respect of any Note, the date on which such Note shall be fully redeemed.
"Maximum Rate of Interest" and "Minimum Rate of Interest" have the respective meanings given in the 
relevant Final Terms, as the case may be.
"Non-transferability" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to deliver 
Renminbi between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong to an account outside Hong 
Kong, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule 
or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the 
Issue Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or 
regulation).
"Optional Redemption Amount" means the amount payable in respect of any Note upon redemption of such 
Note pursuant to Condition 7.2.1 or Condition 7.3, as the case may be.
"Optional Redemption Date(s)" and "Option Exercise Date(s)" means the date or dates specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms, as the case may be.
"Payment Business Day" means a day:
(a)
in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which Euroclear France is open for business or in the case of 
Materialised Notes, on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant 
place of presentation, and on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the 
relevant Financial Centre(s) (if any), and
(b)
in the case of a payment in a currency other than Euro, where payment is to be made by transfer to an 
account maintained with a bank in such currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried 
on in the relevant currency in the Principal Financial Centre of the country of such currency, or in the 
case of a payment in Euro, which is a T2 Business Day.
"PRC" means the People's Republic of China.
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the principal financial centre of the country 
of the Specified Currency or, if the Specified Currency is Euro, the Euro-zone. 
"Put Option" means any option of the Noteholders as may be provided in the relevant Final Terms in accordance 
with Condition 7.3.
"Rate Multiplier" means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, as the case may be.
"Rate of Exchange" means the rate of exchange specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, as the case may 
be.

--- Page 42 ---
- 42 -
WS0101.38073570.1
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates of interest applicable from time to time in respect of the Notes, which 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms.
"Redenomination Date" has the meaning given in Condition 2.4.
"Reference Banks" means the banks specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, or in the event that no such 
banks are specified in the relevant Final Terms or that the Calculation Agent determines that any bank so specified 
is not providing offered quotations of the Reference Rate, the principal Euro-zone office of any major bank 
selected by the Calculation Agent in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR.
"Reference Rate" means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or any successor or replacement 
rate as provided in Condition 6.2.3(e) (Benchmark Discontinuation). 
"Registration Agent" means any person or entity designated in the Final Terms of a Series of Dematerialised 
Registered Notes to act as agent on behalf of the Issuer for the purpose of opening and maintaining accounts for 
the holders of Notes of such Series.
"Regulated Market" means any regulated market as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial 
instruments, as amended, situated in a Member State of the European Economic Area.
"Relevant Date" means, in respect of any Note or Coupon, the date on which payment in respect of such Note or 
Coupon first becomes due or, if any amount of money payable is improperly withheld or refused, the date on 
which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or in the case of Materialised Notes, if earlier, the date 
seven (7) calendar days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation 
of the Note or Coupon being made in accordance with these Conditions, such payment will be made, provided 
that payment is in fact made upon such presentation.
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information 
service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms.
"Renminbi Dealer" means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international reputation active in the 
Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong reasonably selected by the Issuer.
"Representative" has the meaning given in Condition 12.
"RMB Note" means a Note denominated in Renminbi.
"RMB Rate Calculation Agent" means the agent appointed from time to time by the Issuer for the determination 
of the RMB Spot Rate or identified as such in the relevant Final Terms.
"RMB Rate Calculation Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in Hong Kong and in New York 
City.
"RMB Rate Calculation Date" means the day which is two RMB Rate Calculation Business Days before the 
due date for payment of the relevant Renminbi amount under the Conditions.
"RMB Spot Rate" for a RMB Rate Calculation Date means the spot CNY/US dollar exchange rate for the 
purchase of US dollars with CNY in the over-the-counter CNY exchange market in Hong Kong for settlement on 
the relevant due date for payment, as determined by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent at or around 11 a.m. (Hong 
Kong time) on such RMB Rate Calculation Date, on a deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page 
TRADNDF. If such rate is not available, the RMB Rate Calculation Agent will determine the RMB Spot Rate at 
or around 11 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the RMB Rate Calculation Date as the most recently available CNY/U.S. 
dollar official fixing rate for settlement on the relevant due date for payment reported by The State Administration 
of Foreign Exchange of the PRC, which is reported on the Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC. Reference to a page 
on the Reuters Screen means the display page so designated on the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any 
successor service) or such other page as may replace that page for the purpose of displaying a comparable currency 
exchange rate.
"Series" has the meaning given in Condition 2.5.

--- Page 43 ---
- 43 -
WS0101.38073570.1
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.
"Specified Denomination" has the meaning given in Condition 2.2.
"T2 Business Day" means a day on which T2 is operating.
"Talon" has the meaning given in Condition 2.1.
"Tranche" has the meaning given in Condition 2.5.
"US Dollar Equivalent" means the relevant Renminbi amount converted into US dollars using the RMB Spot 
Rate for the relevant RMB Rate Calculation Date, as calculated by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent.
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note the interest basis of which is specified to be "Zero Coupon" in the relevant 
Final Terms.
1.2
Interpretation: In these Conditions, unless a contrary indication appears:
1.2.1
the terms "holder of Notes", "holder of any Note" and "Noteholder" refer to (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, the person whose name appears in the account of the relevant Account 
Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such 
Notes; (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Definitive Materialised Bearer 
Note and the Coupons or Talon relating thereto; and (iii) in the case of Materialised Notes in 
respect of which a Temporary Global Certificate has been issued and is outstanding, each person 
(other than a clearing institution) who appears as a holder of such Notes or of a particular 
nominal amount of interests in such Notes, in accordance with the applicable laws and 
regulations and with the applicable rules and procedures of any relevant clearing institution 
including, without limitation, Euroclear France, Euroclear or Clearstream, as appropriate.
1.2.2
the term "Couponholder" refers to the bearer of any Coupon.
1.2.3
"outstanding" means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than 
(a) those that have been redeemed in accordance with the Conditions, (b) those in respect of 
which the date for redemption has occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest 
accrued on such Notes to the date for such redemption and any interest payable after such date) 
have been duly paid (i) in the case of Dematerialised Bearer Notes and Dematerialised 
Administered Registered Notes, to the relevant Account Holders on behalf of the Noteholder as 
provided in Condition 8.1, (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Fully Registered Notes, to the 
account of the Noteholder as provided in Condition 8.1 and (iii) in the case of Materialised 
Notes, to the Paying Agent as provided in Conditions 8.2 and 8.3 and remain available for 
payment against presentation and surrender of Materialised Bearer Notes and/or Coupons, as 
the case may be, (c) those which have become void or in respect of which claims have become 
prescribed, (d) those which have been purchased by the Issuer and that are held or have been 
cancelled as provided in these Conditions, and (e) in the case of Materialised Notes (i) those 
mutilated or defaced Materialised Bearer Notes that have been surrendered in exchange for 
replacement Materialised Bearer Notes, (ii) (for the purpose only of determining how many 
such Materialised Bearer Notes are outstanding and without prejudice to their status for any 
other purpose) those Materialised Bearer Notes alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed 
and in respect of which replacement Materialised Bearer Notes have been issued and (iii) any 
Temporary Global Certificate to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for one or more 
Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes, pursuant to its provisions.
1.2.4
references to (i) "principal" include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, Final 
Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised 
Nominal Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to 
Condition 7, (ii) "interest" include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, all arrears of interest) payable pursuant to Condition 6 and 
(iii) "principal" and/or "interest" include any additional amounts payable under Condition 9.

--- Page 44 ---
- 44 -
WS0101.38073570.1
1.2.5
"Euroclear France" means Euroclear France acting as central depositary.
1.2.6
a "unit" or "sub-unit" of a currency means the lowest amount of such currency that is available 
as legal tender in the country or countries of such currency.
2.
Form, denomination(s), title, redenomination and method of issue
2.1
Form: Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised 
form ("Materialised Notes").
2.1.1
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and 
R.211-1 et seq. of the Code by book entries (inscriptions en compte). No physical document of 
title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the Code) will be issued 
in respect of the Dematerialised Notes.
Dematerialised Notes may be issued, at the option of the Issuer and as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, in either bearer form (au porteur) ("Dematerialised Bearer Notes"), in which 
case they are inscribed in an account maintained by an Account Holder having itself an account 
in the books of Euroclear France, or in registered form (au nominatif) ("Dematerialised 
Registered Notes") and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder, in either 
fully registered form (au nominatif pur) ("Dematerialised Fully Registered Notes"), in which 
case they are inscribed in an account maintained by the Issuer or the Registration Agent, or in 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré) ("Dematerialised Administered 
Registered Notes"), in which case the Notes are inscribed both in an account maintained by the 
Issuer or the Registration Agent and an account maintained by an Account Holder.
2.1.2
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form ("Materialised Bearer Notes"). Materialised 
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with coupons (the "Coupons") and, where 
appropriate, a talon (the "Talon") attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which 
case references to interest (other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), 
Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. Any issue of Materialised Notes 
requires the appointment by the Issuer of a Materialised Note Agent (designated in the relevant 
Final Terms) which will perform the functions otherwise attributed, in these Conditions, to the 
Fiscal Agent and/or Paying Agent.
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the Code, securities (such as Notes) 
which are governed by French law and are in materialised form must be issued outside the French 
territory.
Unless this possibility is expressly excluded in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, in accordance 
with the provisions of Article L.228-2 of the Code de commerce, request at any time from the central 
depositary identification information of Noteholders of Notes in dematerialised form (au porteur) such 
as the name or the company name, nationality, date of birth or year of incorporation and mail address or, 
as the case may be, email address of such Noteholders.
2.2
Denomination(s): Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final 
Terms (the "Specified Denomination(s)"), save that Notes admitted to trading on a Regulated Market 
in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation shall 
have a minimum specified denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency), or such 
higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant monetary or financial 
authority or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. 
Unless permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) 
which have a maturity of less than one (1) year and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be 
accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of 
section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 must have a minimum redemption amount of 
£100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only.

--- Page 45 ---
- 45 -
WS0101.38073570.1
2.3
Title:
2.3.1
Title to Dematerialised Bearer Notes shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be 
effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of Account Holders. Title to 
Dematerialised Registered Notes shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be 
effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer or of the Registration 
Agent.
2.3.2
Title to Materialised Bearer Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, Coupons and/or 
a Talon attached thereto on issue ("Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes"), shall pass by 
delivery.
2.3.3
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any 
Note, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all 
purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, or an interest 
in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder.
2.4
Redenomination:
2.4.1
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any Interest Payment Date, 
without the consent of the holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon, by giving at least thirty (30) 
calendar day's notice in accordance with Condition 15 and on or after the date on which the 
European Member State in whose national currency the Notes are denominated has become a 
participating Member State in the single currency of the European Economic and Monetary 
Union, or events have occurred which have substantially the same effects, redenominate all, but 
not some only, of the Notes of any Series into Euro and adjust the aggregate principal amount 
and the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final Terms accordingly, as described 
below. The date on which such redenomination becomes effective shall be referred to in these 
Conditions as the "Redenomination Date".
2.4.2
The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 2.4.1 shall be made by converting the 
principal amount of each Note from the relevant national currency into Euro using the fixed 
relevant national currency Euro conversion rate established by the Council of the European 
Union pursuant to applicable regulations of the Treaty and rounding the resultant figure to the 
nearest Euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). If the Issuer so elects, the figure 
resulting from conversion of the principal amount of each Note using the fixed relevant national 
currency Euro conversion rate shall be rounded down to the nearest Euro. The Euro 
denominations of the Notes so determined shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15. Any balance remaining from the redenomination with a denomination higher than 
Euro 0.01 shall be paid by way of cash adjustment rounded to the nearest Euro 0.01 (with Euro 
0.005 being rounded upwards). Such cash adjustment will be payable in Euro on the 
Redenomination Date in the manner notified to Noteholders by the Issuer.
2.4.3
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference in the relevant Final Terms to the relevant 
national currency shall be construed as a reference to Euro.
2.4.4
The Issuer may, with the prior approval of the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation 
Agent, in connection with any redenomination pursuant to this Condition or any consolidation 
pursuant to Condition 14, without the consent of the holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon but 
taking into account market practice in respect of redenominated euromarket debt obligations, 
make any changes or additions to these Conditions or Condition 14 (including, without 
limitation, any change to any applicable business day definition, business day convention, 
principal financial centre designation, interest accrual basis or Reference Rate specification) 
which it believes are not prejudicial to the interests of the relevant Noteholders. Any such 
changes or additions shall, in the absence of manifest error, be binding on the holders of Notes, 
Coupons and Talons and shall be notified to them in accordance with Condition 15 as soon as 
practicable thereafter.
2.4.5
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the holder of any Note, Coupon or 
Talon or other person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting

--- Page 46 ---
- 46 -
WS0101.38073570.1
from the credit or transfer of Euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected in 
connection therewith.
2.5
Method of Issue: The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The Notes will be 
issued in series (each a "Series"). Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") having one 
or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of the issue date, 
issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche), the Notes of each Series being 
intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. The specific terms of each Tranche  
will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.
3.
Conversion and exchanges of Notes
3.1
Dematerialised Notes:
3.1.1
Dematerialised Bearer Notes may not be converted into Dematerialised Registered Notes, 
whether in fully registered form or in administered registered form.
3.1.2
Dematerialised Registered Notes may not be converted into Dematerialised Bearer Notes.
3.1.3
Dematerialised Fully Registered Notes may, at the option of the Noteholder, be converted into 
Dematerialised Administered Registered Notes, and vice versa. The exercise of any such option 
by the relevant Noteholder shall be made in accordance with Article R.211-4 of the Code. Any 
such conversion shall be effected at the cost of such Noteholder.
3.2
Materialised Notes: Materialised Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged 
for Materialised Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination.
4.
Status of the Notes
The Notes and, where applicable, any Coupons relating to them constitute direct, general, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 5) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and 
rank and will rank at all times pari passu and without any preference among themselves and (subject to 
such exceptions as are from time to time mandatory under French law) equally and rateably with any 
other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations, present or future, of the Issuer.
5.
Negative pledge
So long as any of the Notes, or, if applicable, any Coupons relating to them, remains outstanding (as 
defined below), the Issuer undertakes not to, and undertakes to ensure that none of its Principal 
Subsidiaries (as defined below), grant to holders of other present or future notes (obligations), any 
mortgage (hypothèque) over the Issuer’s or its Principal Subsidiaries’ present or future assets or real 
property interests, nor any pledge (nantissement) on all or part of the Issuer’s or its Principal Subsidiaries’ 
business (fonds de commerce), nor any other security (sûreté réelle, gage or nantissement) on its present 
or future assets or income, unless the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes and Coupons are equally and 
rateably secured so as to rank pari passu with such other present or future notes (obligations) so secured. 
Such undertaking is given only in relation to security interests given for the benefit of holders of notes 
(obligations) and does not affect in any way the right of the Issuer to dispose of its assets or to grant any 
security in respect of such assets in any other circumstance.
For the purposes of these Conditions:
"Principal Subsidiary" means at any time relevant:
(a)
Société Air France ("SAF"); or
(b)
Koninklijke Luchtvaart Maatschappij N.V. ("KLM"); or
(c)
any Subsidiary of the Issuer (other than SAF and KLM) to which is transferred all or 
substantially all the assets and undertakings of a Subsidiary which immediately prior to such 
transfer is a Principal Subsidiary.

--- Page 47 ---
- 47 -
WS0101.38073570.1
"Subsidiary" means in relation to any person or entity at any time, a subsidiary as defined in Article 
L. 233-1 of the French Code de commerce or any other person or entity controlled directly or indirectly 
by such person or entity within the meaning of Article L. 233-3 I.1 and I.2 of the French Code de 
commerce.
6.
Interest and other calculations
6.1
Fixed Rate Notes (other than Fixed Rate Notes denominated in RMB):
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement 
Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date except as otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms.
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if 
applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on 
the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms.
6.2
Floating Rate Notes:
6.2.1
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date except as otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms. The Interest Payment 
Date(s) shall be defined in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if 
no Specified Interest Payment Date is so defined, shall consist of each date which falls the 
number of months or other period defined as the Interest Period in the relevant Final Terms 
after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after 
the Interest Commencement Date.
6.2.2
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a 
day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified in the relevant 
Final Terms is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to 
the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which case (x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day 
and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such 
date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the 
Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day 
that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the 
Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day.
6.2.3
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
for each Interest Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and the provisions below relating to either FBF Determination, ISDA Determination or Screen 
Rate Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms.
(a)
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes:
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant FBF 
Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For 
the purposes of this sub-paragraph (a), "FBF Rate" for an Interest Period means a rate 
equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent for a 
Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the FBF Definitions and 
under which:

--- Page 48 ---
- 48 -
WS0101.38073570.1
(i)
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and
(ii)
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date is the first calendar day of that 
Interest Period unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms.
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (a), "Floating Rate" (Taux Variable), 
"Floating Rate Determination Date" (Date de Détermination du Taux Variable) and 
"Transaction" (Transaction) have the meanings given to those terms in the FBF 
Definitions.
If the paragraph "Floating Rate" in the relevant Final Terms provides that the Rate of 
Interest will be determined by linear interpolation in respect of an Interest Period, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to such Interest Period will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent by linear interpolation between two (2) rates of interest based on the relevant 
Floating Rate, provided that the first rate of interest corresponds to a maturity 
immediately inferior to the length of the relevant Interest Period and the second rate 
of interest corresponds to a maturity immediately superior to the length of the same 
relevant Interest Period.
(b)
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes:
(1) Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and "2006 ISDA Definitions" is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant 
ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (b)(1), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation 
Agent for a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 
ISDA Definitions and under which:
(i)
the "Floating Rate Option" is as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
(ii)
the "Designated Maturity", if applicable, is a period specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; and
(iii)
the relevant "Reset Date" is the first day of that Interest Period unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms.
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (b)(1), "Calculation Agent", "Floating Rate", 
"Floating Rate Option", "designated Maturity", "Reset Date" and "Swap 
Transaction" have the meanings given to those terms in the 2006 ISDA Definitions.
If the paragraph "Floating Rate Option" in the relevant Final Terms provides that the 
Rate of Interest will be determined by linear interpolation in respect of an Interest 
Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to such Interest Period will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by linear interpolation between two (2) rates of interest based on 
the relevant Floating Rate, provided that the first rate of interest corresponds to a 
maturity immediately inferior to the length of the relevant Interest Period and the 
second rate corresponds to a maturity immediately superior to the length of the same 
relevant Interest Period.
(2) Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and "2021 ISDA Definitions" is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant 
ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (b)(2), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation 
Agent for a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2021 
ISDA Definitions and under which:

--- Page 49 ---
- 49 -
WS0101.38073570.1
(i)
the "Floating Rate Option" is as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
(ii)
the "Designated Maturity", if applicable, is a period specified in the relevant 
Final Terms;
(iii)
the relevant "Reset Date" is the first day of that Interest Period or such other 
date as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
(iv)
the relevant "Fixing Day" is the date specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the absence thereof, as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions;
(v)
the "Effective Date" is, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Interest Commencement Date;
(vi)
the "Termination Date" is, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the last date of the last occurring Interest Period;
(vii)
the relevant "Calculation Period" is as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the absence thereof, as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions for 
which purpose references to "Effective Date" and "Period End Date" (in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions) shall be deemed to be to, respectively, the Issue Date 
and any last day of the last occurring Interest Period (as defined in these 
Conditions); and
(viii)
if the Floating Rate Option specified in the Final Terms is an Overnight 
Floating Rate Option and Compounding is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms:
-
notwithstanding sub-paragraph (iii) above, the relevant Reset Date is 
the last day of the last occurring Interest Period, unless otherwise 
specified in the Final Terms;
-
Delayed Payment will be applicable if specified as such in the Final 
Terms, and if so, the applicable number of days is either (x) as 
specified in the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such 
in the Final Terms, five (5);
-
OIS Compounding will be applicable if specified as such in the Final 
Terms;
-
Compounding with Lookback will be applicable if specified as such 
in the Final Terms, and if so, the "Lookback" is either (x) as 
specified in the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such 
in the Final Terms, the number specified as the “Lookback” for the 
relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, or (z) if 
no such number is specified for the relevant Floating Rate Option, 
five (5);
-
Compounding with Observation Period Shift will be applicable if 
specified as such in the Final Terms, and if so, Set in Advance will 
be applicable if specified as such in the Final Terms, "Observation 
Period Shift Additional Business Day" is as specified in the Final 
Terms, and the "Observation Period Shift" is either (x) as specified 
in the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the 
Final Terms, the number specified as the “Observation Period Shift” 
for the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, 
or (z) if no such number is specified for the relevant Floating Rate 
Option, five (5); and
-
Compounding with Lockout will be applicable if specified as such in 
the Final Terms, and if so, "Lockout Period Business Day" is as 
specified in the Final Terms and the "Lockout" is either (x) as 
specified in the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such

--- Page 50 ---
- 50 -
WS0101.38073570.1
in the Final Terms, the number specified as the “Lockout” for the 
relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, or (z) if 
no such number is specified for the relevant Floating Rate Option, 
five (5).
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (b)(2), except as otherwise defined in 
such sub-paragraph, "Calculation Agent", "Reset Date", "Compounding 
with Lockout", "Compounding with Lookback", "Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift", "Delayed Payment", "Designated Maturity", 
"Effective Date", "Floating Rate Option", "Floating Rate", "Lockout 
Period Business Day", "Lockout", "Lookback", "Observation Period 
Shift", "OIS Compounding", "Overnight Floating Rate Option", "Period 
End Date", "Reset Date", "Set in Advance" and "Swap Transaction" have 
the meanings given to those terms in the 2021 ISDA Definitions.
The provisions relating to "Linear Interpolation" set out in the 2021 ISDA Definitions 
shall apply to an ISDA Rate where "2021 ISDA Definitions Linear Interpolation" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. For such purpose, references to 
"Relevant Rate" under the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be deemed to be references to 
the ISDA Rate. 
(c)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes:
(i)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below or (if 
applicable) in Condition 6.2.3(d) below, be either:
(A)
the offered quotation; or
(B)
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations,
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at either 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question as determined by the Calculation Agent (or, 
for the purpose of this Condition 6.2.3(c), such other party, having the 
necessary expertise and being independent of the Issuer, responsible for 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms). If five or 
more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, 
the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of 
such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party, as provided above) for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations.
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes is 
specified hereon as being other than EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect 
of such Notes will be determined as specified in the relevant Final Terms.
(ii)
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph (i)(A) applies 
and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page, or, if sub-
paragraph (i)(B) applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear 
on the Relevant Screen Page, in each case at the time specified above, subject 
as provided below, the Calculation Agent (or such other party, as provided 
above) shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation 
Agent (or such other party, as provided above) with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on 
the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference 
Banks provide the Calculation Agent (or such other party, as provided above) 
with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall

--- Page 51 ---
- 51 -
WS0101.38073570.1
be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party, as provided above); and
(iii)
if paragraph (ii) above applies and the Calculation Agent (or such other party, 
as provided above) determines that fewer than two Reference Banks are 
providing offered quotations, subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest 
shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent 
(or such other party, as provided above) by the Reference Banks or any two 
or more of them, at which such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading 
banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market, as the case may be, or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent (or such other party, as provided above) with 
such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for 
a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or 
the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency 
for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, 
at which, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more 
banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for 
such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent (or such other party, as provided 
above) it is quoting to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, 
the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the case may be, provided that, if the 
Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the 
last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied 
to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating 
to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period).
(d)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being SOFR, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will be calculated in accordance with Condition 6.2.3(d)(i) or 
6.2.3(d)(ii) below, subject to the provisions of Condition 6.2.3(d)(iv) below.
(i)
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being "SOFR Arithmetic Mean", the Rate of Interest will be the SOFR 
Arithmetic Mean plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent (or, for the 
purpose of this Condition 6.2.3(d), such other party, having the necessary 
expertise and being independent of the Issuer, responsible for calculation of 
the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date and the resulting percentage being rounded (if necessary) 
to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards.
For the purpose of this Condition:
"SOFR Arithmetic Mean" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
arithmetic mean of SOFR for each calendar day during such Interest Period, 
as calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party, as provided 
above) provided that, SOFR in respect of each calendar day during the period 
from (and including) the SOFR Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the next 
occurring Interest Period Date will be SOFR on the SOFR Cut-Off Date. For 
these purposes, SOFR in respect of any calendar day which is not a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day shall, subject to the preceding

--- Page 52 ---
- 52 -
WS0101.38073570.1
provision, be deemed to be SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day immediately preceding such calendar day.
"SOFR Cut-Off Date" means, unless specified as not applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, in respect of an Interest Period, the fourth U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior to the next occurring Interest 
Period Date in such Interest Period (or such other number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms).
(ii)
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being "SOFR Compound", the Rate of Interest will be the Compounded Daily 
SOFR on the relevant Interest Determination Date plus or minus (as indicated 
in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party, as provided above).
For the purpose of this Condition:
"Compounded Daily SOFR" means, with respect to an Interest Period, an 
amount equal to the rate of return for each calendar day during the Interest 
Period, compounded daily, calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other 
party, as provided above) on the Interest Determination Date in accordance 
with the following formula:
(i)
if "SOFR Compound with Look-Back" is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms:
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards.
Where:
"d" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of calendar days in 
such Interest Period.
"d0" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Period.
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order 
from (and including) the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Period.
"SOFR Look-Back Period" or "p" means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if 
no such number is specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business Days.
"ni" means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi, means 
the number of calendar days from (and including) such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Dayi up to (but excluding) the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day.
"SOFRi-pUSBD" means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business 
Dayi, SOFRi in respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
falling the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days equal to the 
SOFR Look-Back Period prior to such U.S. Government Securities Business 
Dayi ("pUSBD").

--- Page 53 ---
- 53 -
WS0101.38073570.1
For the purposes of SOFR Compound with Look-Back, "Interest 
Determination Date" means, in respect of each Interest Period, the date falling 
"p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days before each Interest Payment 
Date.
(ii)
if "SOFR Compound with Observation Period Shift" is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms:
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards.
Where:
"d" means, in respect of an Observation Period, the number of calendar days 
in such Observation Period.
"d0" means, in respect of an Observation Period, the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Observation Period.
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order 
from (and including) the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the 
relevant Observation Period;
"ni" means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi, the 
number of calendar days from (and including) such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Dayi up to (but excluding) the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day.
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from 
(and including) the date falling the number of Observation Shift Days prior to 
the first day of such Interest Period and ending on (but excluding) the date that 
is the number Observation Shift Days prior to the next occurring Interest 
Period Date in such Interest Period.
"Observation Shift Days" means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if no such number is 
specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business Days.
"SOFRi" means, in respect of each U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi, 
the SOFR in respect of such U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi.
(iii)
if "SOFR Index with Observation Shift" is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms:
Where: 
"dc" means, in respect of each Interest Period, the number of calendar days in 
the relevant Interest Period.
"Observation Shift Days" means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if no such

--- Page 54 ---
- 54 -
WS0101.38073570.1
number is specified, two U.S. Government Securities Business Days.
"SOFR Index" means with respect to any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, (i) the SOFR Index value as published by the NY Federal 
Reserve as such index appears on the NY Federal Reserve’s Website at the 
SOFR Determination Time; or (ii) if the SOFR Index specified in (i) above 
does not so appear, unless both a SOFR Transition Event and its related SOFR 
Replacement Date have occurred, the SOFR Index as published in respect of 
the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the 
SOFR Index was published on the NY Federal Reserve’s Website.
"SOFR IndexFinal" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the value of the 
SOFR Index on the date falling the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days equal to the Observation Shift Days prior to the next occurring 
Interest Period Date in such Interest Period.
"SOFR IndexInitial" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the value of the 
SOFR Index on the date falling the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days equal to the Observation Shift Days prior to the first day of 
such Interest Period (or, in the case of the first Interest Period, the Interest 
Commencement Date).
(iii)
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of this Condition 
6.2.3(d):
"Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page" means the Bloomberg screen 
designated "SOFRRATE" or any successor page or service;
"NY Federal Reserve" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York;
"NY Federal Reserve’s Website" means the website of the NY Federal 
Reserve, currently at www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of the 
NY Federal Reserve or the website of any successor administrator of SOFR;
"Reuters Page USDSOFR=" means the Reuters page designated 
"USDSOFR=" or any successor page or service;
"SOFR" means the rate determined by the Calculation Agent (or such other 
party, as provided above) in respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day, in accordance with the following provisions:
(a) the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day that appears at approximately 3:00 p.m. (New York 
City time) (the "SOFR Determination Time") on the NY Federal Reserve’s 
Website on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day, as such rate is 
reported on the Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day or, if no such rate is reported on the 
Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page, then the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate that is reported on the Reuters Page USDSOFR= or, if no such rate is 
reported on the Reuters Page USDSOFR=, then the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate that appears at approximately 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) 
on the NY Federal Reserve’s Website on such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day; or
(b) if the rate specified in (a) above does not so appear and the Calculation 
Agent (or such other party, as provided above) determines that a SOFR 
Transition Event and its related SOFR Replacement Date have not occurred, 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published on the NY Federal Reserve’s 
Website for the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for 
which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on the NY Federal 
Reserve’s Website; and

--- Page 55 ---
- 55 -
WS0101.38073570.1
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a 
Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities.
Notwithstanding paragraphs (i) to (iii) above, if the Calculation Agent (or such 
other party, as provided above) determines on or prior to the SOFR 
Determination Time, that a SOFR Transition Event and its related SOFR 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the relevant SOFR 
Benchmark (as defined below), then the provisions set forth in Condition 
6.2.3(d)(iv) below will apply to all determinations of the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period thereafter.
(iv)
SOFR Replacement Provisions
If the Calculation Agent (or such other party, as provided above), failing 
which the Issuer, determines at any time prior to the SOFR Determination 
Time on any U.S. Government Securities Business Day that a SOFR 
Transition Event and the related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred, the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party, as provided above) will appoint an 
agent (the "Replacement Rate Determination Agent") which will determine 
the SOFR Replacement. The Replacement Rate Determination Agent may be 
(i) a leading bank, broker-dealer or benchmark agent in the principal financial 
centre of the Specified Currency as appointed by the Calculation Agent (or 
such other party, as provided above), (ii) an affiliate of the Calculation Agent 
(or such other party, as provided above) or (iii) such other entity that the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party, as provided above) determines to be 
competent to carry out such role.
In connection with the determination of the SOFR Replacement, the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent will determine appropriate SOFR 
Replacement Conforming Changes.
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other party, as provided above) or Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent (as the case may be) pursuant to these provisions, will 
(in the absence of manifest error) be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party, as provided above) and the 
Noteholders.
Following the designation of a SOFR Replacement, the Calculation Agent (or 
such other party, as provided above) may subsequently determine that a SOFR 
Transition Event and a related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred in 
respect of such SOFR Replacement, provided that the SOFR Benchmark has 
already been substituted by the SOFR Replacement and any SOFR 
Replacement Conforming Changes in connection with such substitution have 
been applied. In such circumstances, the SOFR Replacement shall be deemed 
to be the SOFR Benchmark and all relevant definitions shall be construed 
accordingly.
In connection with the SOFR Replacement provisions above, the following 
definitions shall apply:
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be 
a positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to SOFR for the applicable 
tenor;
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives

--- Page 56 ---
- 56 -
WS0101.38073570.1
transactions referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the 
occurrence of a SOFR Transition Event with respect to SOFR for the 
applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment;
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the SOFR Benchmark 
means (i) if the SOFR Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time 
and (ii) if the SOFR Benchmark is not SOFR, the time determined by the 
Replacement Rate Calculation Agent (or such other party, as provided above) 
or another entity appointed by the Issuer after giving effect to the SOFR 
Replacement Conforming Changes;
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Board of Governors of the 
Federal Reserve System and/or the NY Federal Reserve (as defined above) or 
a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the 
Federal Reserve System and/or the NY Federal Reserve or any successor 
thereto;
"SOFR Benchmark" means initially (a) (unless SOFR Compound: SOFR 
Index with Observation Shift is specified in the relevant Final Terms) SOFR 
or (b) SOFR Index (each as defined in Condition 6.2.3(d)(iii) above), provided 
that if a SOFR Transition Event and its related SOFR Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to the SOFR or SOFR Index or the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark, then “SOFR Benchmark” means the applicable SOFR 
Replacement;
"SOFR Replacement" means any one (or more) of the SOFR Replacement 
Alternatives to be determined by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent 
as of the SOFR Replacement Date if the Calculation Agent (or such other 
party, as provided above), failing which the Issuer, determines that a SOFR 
Transition Event and its related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred on or 
prior to the SOFR Determination Time in respect of any determination of the 
SOFR Benchmark on any U.S. Government Securities Business Day in 
accordance with:
(a)
the order of priority specified in the relevant Final Terms ("SOFR 
Replacement Alternatives Priority"); or
(b)
if no such order of priority is specified, in accordance with the priority 
set forth below:
(i)
Relevant Governmental Body Replacement;
(ii)
ISDA Fallback Replacement; and
(iii)
Industry Replacement,
provided, in each case, that, if the Replacement Rate Determination Agent is 
unable to determine the SOFR Replacement in accordance with the first SOFR 
Replacement Alternative listed, it shall attempt to determine the SOFR 
Replacement in accordance with the each subsequent SOFR Replacement 
Alternative until a SOFR Replacement is determined. The SOFR Replacement 
will replace the then-current SOFR Benchmark for the purpose of determining 
the relevant Rate of Interest in respect of the relevant Interest Period and each 
subsequent Interest Period, subject to the occurrence of a subsequent SOFR 
Transition Event and related SOFR Replacement Date;
"SOFR Replacement Alternatives" means:
(a)
the sum of: (i) the alternative rate that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement 
for the then-current SOFR Benchmark for the relevant Interest Period

--- Page 57 ---
- 57 -
WS0101.38073570.1
and (ii) the SOFR Replacement Adjustment (the "Relevant 
Governmental Body Replacement");
(b)
the sum of: (i) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (ii) the SOFR Replacement 
Adjustment (the "ISDA Fallback Replacement"); or
(c)
the sum of: (i) the alternative rate that has been selected by the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent as the replacement for the 
then-current SOFR Benchmark for the relevant Interest Period giving 
due consideration to any industry-accepted rate as a replacement for 
the then- current SOFR Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate securities at such time and (ii) the SOFR Replacement 
Adjustment (the "Industry Replacement");
"SOFR Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the 
order below that can be determined by the Replacement Rate Determination 
Agent as of the applicable SOFR Replacement Date:
(a)
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental 
Body for the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement;
(b)
if the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement is equivalent to the 
ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Spread Adjustment; or
(c)
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero) determined by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent 
giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, 
or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for 
the replacement of the then-current SOFR Benchmark with the 
applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate securities at such time;
"SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
SOFR Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including, but not limited to, changes to timing and frequency of determining 
rates with respect to each interest period and making payments of interest, 
rounding of amounts or tenors, day count fractions, business day convention 
and other administrative matters) that the Replacement Rate Determination 
Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such SOFR 
Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if 
the Replacement Rate Determination Agent determines that adoption of any 
portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent determines that no market practice 
for use of the SOFR Replacement exists, in such other manner as the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent (or such 
other party, as provided above), as the case may be, determines is reasonably 
necessary, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner);
"SOFR Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following 
events with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark (including the daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof):
(a)
in the case of sub-paragraphs (a) or (b) of the definition of "SOFR 
Transition Event" the later of (i) the date of the public statement or 
publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which 
the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark permanently or indefinitely 
ceases to provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such component); or
(b)
in the case of sub-paragraph (c) of the definition of "SOFR Transition

--- Page 58 ---
- 58 -
WS0101.38073570.1
Event" the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein; or
(c)
in the case of sub-paragraph (d), the last such consecutive U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day on which the SOFR Benchmark 
has not been published,
provided that, in the event of any public statements or publications of 
information as referenced in sub-paragraphs (a) or (b) above, should such 
event or circumstance referred to in such a public statement or publication 
occur on a date falling later than three months after the relevant public 
statement or publication, the SOFR Transition Event shall be deemed to occur 
on the date falling three months prior to such specified date (and not the date 
of the relevant public statement or publication).
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the SOFR Replacement 
Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect 
of any determination, the SOFR Replacement Date will be deemed to have 
occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination.
"SOFR Transition Event" means the occurrence of any one or more of the 
following events with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark (including 
the daily published component used in the calculation thereof):
(a)
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) 
announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide 
the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), permanently 
or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant);
(b)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Reference Rate (or such 
component, if relevant), the central bank for the currency of the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), an insolvency official 
with jurisdiction over the administrator for the SOFR Benchmark (or 
such component, if relevant), a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator for SOFR (or such component, if relevant) or a 
court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over 
the administrator for the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if 
relevant), which states that the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark 
(or such component, if relevant) has ceased or will cease to provide the 
SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant);
(c)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant) announcing that the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant) is no longer representative, the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) has been or will be 
prohibited from being used or that its use has been or will be subject to 
restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of 
the Notes; or
(d)
the SOFR Benchmark is not published by its administrator (or a 
successor administrator) for six consecutive U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days; and

--- Page 59 ---
- 59 -
WS0101.38073570.1
"Unadjusted SOFR Replacement" means the SOFR Replacement prior to 
the application of any SOFR Replacement Adjustment.
Any replacement of SOFR, as specified above, will remain effective for the 
remaining term to maturity of the Notes and shall be published by the Issuer 
in accordance with Condition 15.
(e)
Benchmark Discontinuation
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and if a Benchmark Event 
occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time when the Terms and 
Conditions of any Notes provide for any rate of interest (or any component part 
thereof) to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the 
following provisions shall apply and prevail over other fallbacks specified in 
Condition 6.2 and shall not apply to Floating Rate Notes which reference SOFR.
(i)
Independent Adviser
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, 
failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 6.2.3(e)(ii)) 
and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with 
Condition 6.2.3(e)(iii)) and any Benchmark Amendments, if any (in 
accordance with Condition 6.2.3(e)(iv)).
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 6.2.3(e) shall 
act in good faith as an expert and (in the absence of manifest error or fraud) 
shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying 
Agents, the Calculation Agent or any other party responsible for determining 
the Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms, or the Noteholders 
for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 6.2.3(e).
(ii)
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith that:
(A)
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 6.2.3(e)(iv)) subsequently be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the 
relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) 
thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the further operation of this Condition 6.2.3(e)); or 
(B)
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then 
such Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in 
Condition 6.2.3(e)(iv)) subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the 
relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments 
of interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this 
Condition 6.2.3(e)).
(iii)
Adjustment Spread
If the Independent Adviser, determines in good faith (A) that an Adjustment 
Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be) and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for 
each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or a relevant

--- Page 60 ---
- 60 -
WS0101.38073570.1
component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate (as applicable).
(iv)
Benchmark Amendments
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined 
in accordance with this Condition 6.2.3(e) and the Independent Adviser 
determines in good faith (A) that amendments to the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes (including, without limitation, amendments to the definitions of Day 
Count Fraction, Business Days or Relevant Screen Page) are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and 
(B) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to 
giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 6.2.3(e)(v), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with 
effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 
6.2.3(e), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which 
the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading.
(v)
Notices, etc.
The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the Independent 
Adviser, notify the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the Representative (if any) and, in 
accordance with Condition 15, the Noteholders, promptly of any Successor 
Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and of the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 6.2.3(e). Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and binding and shall specify the effective date of 
the Benchmark Amendments, if any.
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) 
and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such notice will (in the 
absence of manifest error in the determination of the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest, 
the Paying Agents and the Noteholders.
(vi)
Survival of Original Reference Rate
Without prejudice to the Issuer’s obligations under the provisions of this 
Condition 6.2.3(e), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions 
provided for in Condition 6.2.3(c) will continue to apply unless and until the 
party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest has been notified of the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and of any 
Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments.
(vii)
Fallbacks
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the 
determination of the Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest 
Determination Date, no Independent Adviser has been appointed or no 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined pursuant to 
this provision, the fallback provisions relating to the Original Reference Rate 
specified in condition 6.2.3(c) will continue to apply to such determination, 
provided that such fallbacks may in certain circumstances lead to apply the 
Rate of Interest determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date.

--- Page 61 ---
- 61 -
WS0101.38073570.1
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time 
thereafter, to elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 6.2.3(e), mutatis 
mutandis, on one or more occasions until a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
(and, if applicable, any associated Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark 
Amendments) has been determined and notified in accordance with this 
Condition 6.2.3(e).
(viii)
Definitions
In this Condition 6.2.3(e):
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or 
negative), or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either 
case, which the Independent Adviser, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines in accordance with customary 
market usage in the international debt capital market for such Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate and which is required to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the 
fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which:
a)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or 
formally provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate 
by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
b)
in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a Successor Rate 
where (a) above does not apply), is in customary market usage in the 
international debt capital market for transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Alternative Rate (or, as the case may be, the Successor Rate); or
c)
if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made 
available), or the Independent Adviser determines there is no such 
spread, formula or methodology in customary market usage, the 
Independent Adviser acting in good faith determines to be 
appropriate. 
"Alternative Rate" means, in the absence of Successor Rate, an alternative 
benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser determines in 
accordance with this Condition 6.2.3(e) and which is customary market usage 
in the international debt capital markets for the purpose of determining rates 
of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate 
interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
"Benchmark Event" means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate:
a)
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published; 
b)
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified 
date, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has 
been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six (6) months prior to the 
specified date referred to in (b)(i);

--- Page 62 ---
- 62 -
WS0101.38073570.1
c)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely discontinued; 
d)
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of 
the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six (6) months prior 
to the specified date referred to in (d)(i); 
e)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means the Original 
Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will 
be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case 
within the following six (6) months;
f)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate, in the opinion of the supervisor, is no longer 
representative of an underlying market or that its method of 
calculation has significantly changed;
g)
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date, become 
unlawful for the Issuer, the party responsible for determining the Rate 
of Interest (being the Calculation Agent or such other party, having 
the necessary expertise and being independent of the Issuer, 
responsible for calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, as applicable), or any Paying Agent to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the 
Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under the 
Benchmarks Regulation, if applicable); or
h)
that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration pursuant 
to Article 35 of the Benchmark Regulation of any benchmark 
administrator previously authorised to publish such Original 
Reference Rate has been adopted. 
"Benchmark Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of 8 June 2016, 
as amended or supplemented.
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or an independent adviser of recognised standing with 
appropriate expertise, at all times acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under 
Condition 6.2.3(e)(i).
"Original Reference Rate" means the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) originally specified for the purpose of determining the relevant 
Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) on the Notes.
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable):
a)
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or
b)
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired 
by or constituted at the request of (i) the central bank for the currency 
to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any

--- Page 63 ---
- 63 -
WS0101.38073570.1
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (iii) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or any 
part thereof.
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating 
Body. If, following a Benchmark Event, more than one successor or 
replacement rates are recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, the 
Independent Adviser shall determine which of those successor or replacement 
rates is the most appropriate, taking into consideration, without limitation, the 
particular features of the relevant Notes and the nature of the Issuer.
6.2.4
Rate of Interest for Inflation Linked Notes: 
(a)
Consumer Price Index (CPI).
Where the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all households in 
metropolitan France, as calculated and published by the Institut National de la 
Statistique et des Etudes Economiques (the "INSEE") ("CPI") is specified as the Index 
in the relevant Final Terms, this Condition 6.2.4(a) shall apply. Terms defined herein 
shall have the meanings set out below only when this Condition 6.2.4(a) shall apply.
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the CPI (the "CPI 
Linked Interest") will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis:
(i)
On the fifth Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an "Interest 
Determination Date") the Calculation Agent will calculate the Inflation 
Index Ratio. For the purposes of this Condition 6.2.4(a), the "Inflation Index 
Ratio" or "IIR" is the ratio between (i) the CPI Daily Inflation Reference 
Index (as defined below) applicable upon any Interest Payment Date or the 
redemption date, as the case may be and (ii) the base reference defined as the 
CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined below) applicable on the date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Base Reference"). 
Notwithstanding Condition 6.8.3, the IIR will be rounded if necessary to five 
significant figures (with halves being rounded up).
"CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index" means (A) in relation to the first 
calendar day of any given month, the CPI Monthly Reference Index of the 
third month preceding such month, and (B) in relation to a calendar day (D) 
(other than the first calendar day) in any given month (M), the linear 
interpolation of the CPI Monthly Reference Index pertaining respectively to 
the third month preceding such month (M – 3) and the second month 
preceding such month (M – 2) calculated in accordance with the following 
formula:
CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index=
CPI Monthly Reference IndexM – 3 + D – 1
NDM
× (CPI Monthly Reference IndexM – 2 ―  CPI Monthly Reference IndexM – 3)
With:
"NDM:" number of calendar days in the relevant month M and, in the case of 
payment of principal and interest, shall be equal to 31;
"D": actual calendar day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the case 
of payment of principal and interest, shall be equal to 25;
"CPI Monthly Reference Index M-2": price index of month M – 2;

--- Page 64 ---
- 64 -
WS0101.38073570.1
"CPI Monthly Reference Index M-3": price index of month M – 3.
Notwithstanding Condition 6.7.3., the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index 
will be rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with halves being 
rounded up).
For information purposes, such CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index appears 
on the Agence France Trésor Reuters page OATINFLATION01 or on 
Bloomberg TRESOR <GO> pages and on the website www.aft.gouv.fr. In 
case of doubt in the interpretation of the methods used to calculate the 
Inflation Index Ratio, such methods shall be interpreted by reference to the 
procedures selected by the French Treasury (Trésor) for its obligations 
assimilables du Trésor indexées sur l'inflation.
"CPI Monthly Reference Index" refers to the definitive consumer price 
index (excluding tobacco) for all households in metropolitan France, as 
calculated and published monthly by the INSEE as such index may be 
adjusted or replaced from time to time as provided herein.
(ii)
The calculation method described below is based on the recommendation 
issued by the French Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation 
Obligataire – www.cnofrance.org) in its December 2010 Paper entitled 
"Inflation Indexed Notes" (Obligations et autres instruments de taux d'intérêt 
en euro, Normes et usages des marchés de capitaux – Chapitre II: Les 
obligations indexées sur l'inflation). In the event of any conflict between the 
calculation method provided below and the calculation method provided by 
the Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire), the calculation 
method provided by the Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation 
Obligataire) shall prevail.
The CPI Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each Interest Period 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the rate per annum 
specified in the relevant Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio.
(iii)
(A)
If the CPI Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely 
manner, a substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index (the "Substitute 
CPI Monthly Reference Index") shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following provisions:
(x) 
If a provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index (indice 
provisoire) has already been published, such index shall 
automatically be used as the Substitute CPI Monthly 
Reference Index. Such provisional CPI Monthly Reference 
Index would be published under the heading "indice de 
substitution". Once the definitive CPI Monthly Reference 
Index is released, it would automatically apply from the 
calendar day following its release to all calculations taking 
place from this date.
(y) 
If no provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index is 
available, a substitute index shall be calculated on the basis 
of the most recently published figure adjusted as set out in 
the following formula:
Substitute CPI Monthly Reference IndexM=
CPI Monthly Reference IndexM – 1 × CPI Monthly Reference IndexM – 1
CPI Monthly Reference IndexM – 13
1
12

--- Page 65 ---
- 65 -
WS0101.38073570.1
(B)
In the event INSEE decides to proceed with one or more base 
changes for the purpose of calculating the CPI Monthly Reference 
Index, the two CPI Monthly Reference Indexes which have been 
calculated on a different basis will be chained on the basis of the 
December CPI Monthly Reference Index of the last year of joint 
publications, which corresponds to the CPI Daily Inflation 
Reference Index for 1st March of the following year. Such chaining 
will be carried out in accordance with the following equation:
Key =
CPI Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the new basis
CPI Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the previous basis
Such that:
CPI Monthly Reference Index Date D
New Basis =  CPI Monthly Reference Index Date D
Previous Basis × Key
(b)
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices (HICP) 
Where the harmonised index of consumer prices (excluding tobacco) measuring the 
rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union (excluding tobacco) as calculated 
and published monthly by Eurostat (the "HICP") is specified as the Index in the 
relevant Final Terms, this Condition 6.2.4(b) shall apply. Terms defined herein shall 
have the meanings set out below only when this Condition 6.2.4(b) shall apply.
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the HICP (the 
"HICP Linked Interest") will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
following basis:
(i)
On the fifth Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an "Interest 
Determination Date") the Calculation Agent will calculate the Inflation 
Index Ratio
For the purposes of this Condition 6.2.4(b), the "Inflation Index Ratio" or 
"IIR" is the ratio between (i) the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index (as 
defined below) applicable upon any Interest Payment Date or the redemption 
date, as the case may be and (ii) the base reference defined as the HICP Daily 
Inflation Reference Index (as defined below) applicable on the date specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (the "Base Reference"). Notwithstanding 
Condition 6.7.3., the IIR will be rounded if necessary to five significant 
figures (with halves being rounded up).
"HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index" means (A) in relation to the first 
calendar day of any given month, the HICP Monthly Reference Index of the 
third month preceding such month, and (B) in relation to a calendar day (D) 
(other than the first calendar day) in any given month (M), the linear 
interpolation of the HICP Monthly Reference Index pertaining respectively 
to the third month preceding such month (M - 3) and the second month 
preceding such month (M - 2) calculated in accordance with the following 
formula:
HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index =
HICP Monthly Reference IndexM – 3 +  D – 1
NDM
× (HICP Monthly Reference Index M – 2 ―  HICP Monthly Reference Index M – 3)
With:
"NDM": number of calendar days in the relevant month M and, in the case of 
payment of principal and interest, shall be equal to 31;

--- Page 66 ---
- 66 -
WS0101.38073570.1
"D": actual calendar day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the case 
of payment of principal and interest, shall be equal to 25;
"HICP Monthly Reference Index M-2": price index of month M – 2;
"HICP Monthly Reference Index M-3": price index of month M – 3.
Notwithstanding Condition 6.7.3., the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index 
will be rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with halves being 
rounded up).
For information purposes, such HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index 
appears on the Agence France du Trésor Reuters page OATEI01, on the 
website www.aft.gouv.fr and on Bloomberg page TRESOR.
"HICP Monthly Reference Index" refers to the harmonised index of 
consumer prices (excluding tobacco) measuring the rate of inflation in the 
European Monetary Union (excluding tobacco) as calculated and published 
by Eurostat as such index may be adjusted or replaced from time to time as 
provided herein.
(ii)
The HICP Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each Interest 
Period (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the rate per 
annum specified in the relevant Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index 
Ratio (as defined above).
(iii)
(A)
If the HICP Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely 
manner, a substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index (the 
"Substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index") shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
provisions:
(x)
If a provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index has already 
been published by Eurostat, such index shall automatically 
be used as the Substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index. 
Once the definitive HICP Monthly Reference Index is 
released, it would automatically apply from the calendar 
day following its release to all calculations taking place 
from this date.
(y)
If no provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index is 
available, a substitute index shall be calculated on the basis 
of the most recently published figure adjusted as set out in 
the following formula:
Substitute HICP Monthly Reference IndexM =
HICP Monthly Reference Index M – 1 × HICP Monthly Reference Index M – 1
HICP Monthly Reference IndexM – 13
1
12
(B)
In the event Eurostat decides to proceed with one or more base 
changes for the purpose of calculating the HICP Monthly Reference 
Index, the two HICP Monthly Reference Indexes which have been 
calculated on a different basis will be chained on the basis of the 
December HICP Monthly Reference Index of the last year of joint 
publications, which corresponds to the HICP Daily Inflation 
Reference Index for 1st March of the following year. Such chaining 
will be carried out in accordance with the following equation:

--- Page 67 ---
- 67 -
WS0101.38073570.1
Key =  
HICP Monthly Reference Index pertaining to December calculated on the new basis
HICP Monthly Reference Index pertaining to December calculated on the previous basis
Such that:
HICP Monthly Reference Index Date D
New Basis = HICP Monthly Reference Index Date D
Previous Basis × Key
6.3
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: If Fixed/Floating Rate Notes Provisions are specified to be applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms the Notes may bear interest at a rate, on the date set out in the Final Terms (the 
"Switch Date"), that: 
6.3.1
the Issuer may elect to convert from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to 
a Fixed Rate (the "Issuer Change of Interest Basis"). The Issuer’s election to change of interest 
basis should be deemed effective after a valid notification sent by the Issuer to the relevant 
Noteholders within the period specified in the relevant Final Terms; or
6.3.2
will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to a 
Fixed Rate (the "Automatic Change of Interest Basis").
6.4
Zero Coupon Notes: Zero Coupon Notes bear no interest until the Maturity Date. As from the Maturity 
Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 7.5.1(b)).
6.5
Sustainability-Linked Notes
This Condition 6.5 applies to Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes and Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
issued by the Issuer in respect of which the relevant Final Terms indicate that the Step-Up Option and/or 
the Premium Payment Option, as the case may be, is or are applicable (the "Sustainability-Linked 
Notes").
6.5.1
Step-Up Option
Where the Step-Up Option is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms and a Step-Up 
Trigger Event occurs, the Rate of Interest (or the applicable Margin, in the case of Floating Rate Notes 
or Fixed/Floating Rate Notes) for each Interest Period from and including any Interest Step-Up Payment 
Date until the Maturity Date, shall be the sum of the Initial Rate of Interest (or the initial Margin, in the 
case of Floating Rate Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate Notes) and: 
(A)
in the event the Issuer has not met the Sustainability Performance Target specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, with respect to the relevant Target Observation Date, the Step-Up Margin; and
(B)
in the event the Step-Up Trigger Event relates to a failure by the Issuer to publish the applicable 
Sustainability Performance Report, the Assurance Report or, if applicable, the SPT Verification 
Assurance Certificate in accordance with Condition 6.5.4, the Step-Up Margin, 
provided that the Rate of Interest (or the Margin, in the case of Floating Rate Notes or Fixed/Floating 
Rate Notes) shall not be increased more than once during the term of the Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
Consequently, if the Rate of Interest (or the Margin, in the case of Floating Rate Notes or Fixed/Floating 
Rate Notes) is adjusted following the occurrence of a Step-Up Trigger Event in accordance with this 
Condition 6.5.1, and a Step-Up Trigger Event occurs on any subsequent Target Observation Date, the 
Rate of Interest (or the Margin, in the case of Floating Rate Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate Notes) shall 
not be further increased.
6.5.2
Premium Payment Option
Where a Premium Payment Option is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms and a 
Premium Trigger Event occurs, the Sustainability-Linked Notes shall be redeemed on their Maturity 
Date or, as the case may be, early redeemed in accordance with Conditions 7.2.1, 7.2.2, 7.2.3, 7.2.4, 
7.3.1, 7.3.2, 7.6, 7.9 as applicable, or 10 on the date set for redemption (in each case, the "Premium 
Payment Date"), at their Adjusted Final Redemption Amount.

--- Page 68 ---
- 68 -
WS0101.38073570.1
The "Adjusted Final Redemption Amount" will be equal to the sum of the Final Redemption Amount 
(or, as the case may be, the early redemption amount set out in Conditions 7.2.1, 7.2.2, 7.2.3, 7.2.4, 7.3.1, 
7.3.2, 7.6, 7.9 or 10) and:
(A)
in the event the Issuer has not met the Sustainability Performance Target specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, with respect to the relevant Target Observation Date, the Premium Payment 
Amount; and
(B)
in the event the Premium Trigger Event relates to a failure by the Issuer to publish the applicable 
Sustainability Performance Report, the Assurance Report or, if applicable, the SPT Verification 
Assurance Certificate in accordance with Condition 6.5.4, the Premium Payment Amount,
provided that the Adjusted Final Redemption Amount may comprise only one Premium Payment 
Amount during the term of the Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
Consequently, if a Premium Payment Amount is due following the occurrence of a Premium Trigger 
Event in accordance with this Condition 6.5.2, and a Premium Trigger Event occurs on any subsequent 
Target Observation Date, the Adjusted Final Redemption Amount shall not comprise any further 
Premium Payment Amount.
6.5.3
Notification of Step-Up Trigger Event and/or Premium Trigger Event
If a Step-Up Trigger Event and/or a Premium Trigger Event occur, the Issuer shall give notice of such 
Step-Up Trigger Event and/or Premium Trigger Event and the applicable Step-Up Margin and/or 
Premium Payment Amount to the Fiscal Agent, the Make-Whole Calculation Agent and, in accordance 
with Condition 15, to the Noteholders (with a copy to the Representative) as soon as reasonably 
practicable after the occurrence of such Step-Up Trigger Event and/or Premium Trigger Event and in no 
event later than the date falling fifteen (15) Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date following 
the Target Observation Date and/or the Premium Payment Date, unless the Step-Up Trigger Event and/or 
the Premium Trigger Event occur within fifteen (15) Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date 
and/or the Premium Payment Date in which case the notification will be made as soon as reasonably 
practicable after the occurrence of such Step-Up Trigger Event and/or Premium Trigger Event.
6.5.4
Sustainability Reporting
For each financial year ending on 31 December following the Issue Date of any Sustainability-Linked 
Notes and so long as any of the Sustainability-Linked Notes remain outstanding, the Issuer shall include 
in a dedicated section of its Universal Registration Document, or any equivalent annual reporting, or 
publish on its website as a separate report or document, within 120 days following the end of each 
financial year or at any earlier date specified as such in the Final Terms (the "Sustainability Reporting 
Date"):
(i)
up-to-date information on the level of the KPI as at 31 December in each year 
(the "Sustainability Performance Report");
(ii)
an assurance report issued by the External Verifier confirming the level of the KPI provided in 
the Sustainability Performance Report (the "Assurance Report"); and 
(iii)
following a Target Observation Date, a certificate issued by the External Verifier confirming 
whether or not the Group has achieved the relevant Sustainability Performance Target(s) as at 
such Target Observation Date (the "SPT Verification Assurance Certificate").
6.5.5
Absence of Event of Default
The occurrence of any Sustainability Trigger Event shall not constitute an Event of Default or a breach 
of the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes. 
6.5.6
Recalculation
In the event of any change, which occurs between the Issue Date of a Series of Sustainability-Linked 
Notes and the relevant Target Observation Date(s), (i) in the Group’s perimeter (due to an acquisition, a

--- Page 69 ---
- 69 -
WS0101.38073570.1
merger or a demerger or other restructuring (scission or apport partiel d'actifs), an amalgamation, a 
consolidation or other form of reorganisation with similar effect, a spin-off, a disposal or a sale of assets); 
(ii) in or any amendment to any applicable laws, regulations, rules, guidelines and policies relating to the 
business of the Group or business sectors of any entity of the Group; or (iii) to the methodology for 
calculation of the Key Performance Indicator to reflect changes in the relevant market practice 
(including, with respect to the aviation sector, if the access to or use of Sustainable Aviation Fuels (SAF) 
becomes significantly restricted or prohibited or is not practically possible) or market standards, which, 
individually or in aggregate, has a significant impact on the level of any Sustainability Performance 
Target(s) and/or the Key Performance Indicator baseline (each, a "Recalculation Event"), the Key 
Performance Indicator baseline and/or Sustainability Performance Target(s) may, with respect to a 
particular Series of Sustainability-Linked Notes, be recalculated in good faith by the Issuer to reflect 
such change, provided that the External Verifier has independently confirmed that the proposed revision 
is consistent with the initial level of ambition of the relevant Sustainability Performance Target(s) taking 
into account the Recalculation Event, as described in the section "Description of the Group's 
Sustainability Strategy" and in the Issuer's Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework.
By subscribing or acquiring the Sustainability-Linked Notes, each Noteholder accepts and agrees not to 
be consulted in respect of such changes. Any such change and the resulting recalculation to any 
Sustainability Performance Target will be communicated as soon as reasonably practicable by the Issuer 
to the Fiscal Agent and the Calculation Agent and notified to the relevant Noteholders (with a copy to 
the Representative) in accordance with Condition 15.
Any other changes to the Sustainability Performance Target(s), or to any Step-Up Margin or any 
Premium Payment Amount will be made with the prior approval of the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12 (Representation of Noteholders).
6.5.7
Definitions
In this Condition:
"Air France Group" means (i) for the ground operations, SAF and the following subsidiaries : HOP!, 
CRMA, Sodexi, BlueLink and Transavia France, and (ii) for the flight operations, all flights under SAF 
code operated by SAF and HOP!, and all flights under Transavia France code operated by Transavia 
France, as further described in the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework.
"Assurance Report" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6.5.4.
"Baseline Date" means 31 December 2019.
"External Verifier" means the external verifier specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, or any 
other independent accounting or appraisal firm or other independent expert of internationally recognised 
standing appointed by the Issuer, in each case with the expertise necessary to perform the functions 
required to be performed by the External Verifier under these Conditions, as determined by the Issuer. 
"GHG Protocol Standard" means the document entitled "The Greenhouse Gas Protocol, A Corporate 
Accounting and Reporting Standard (Revised Edition)" published by the World Business Council for 
Sustainable Development and the World Resources Institute (as amended and updated from time to 
time).
"GHG emissions intensity KPI" means, in metric tons of CO2 equivalent per RTK (gCO2e/RTK), the 
absolute value of the Scope 1 and Scope 3 (indirect upstream GHG) CO2 emissions of the Group 
operations divided by the sum of RTK and RPK of the Group, and will be expressed in gCO2e/RTK, as 
calculated in good faith by the Issuer in accordance with the GHG Protocol Standard and the SBTi 
aviation methodology, confirmed by the External Verifier and published in the Sustainability 
Performance Report in accordance with Condition 6.5.4.
"Initial Rate of Interest" means the initial Rate of Interest specified in the relevant Final Terms.
"Interest Step-Up Payment Date(s)" means any of the Interest Payment Date(s) specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 70 ---
- 70 -
WS0101.38073570.1
"Key Performance Indicator" or "KPI" means the GHG emissions intensity KPI. 
"KLM Group" means (i) for the ground operations, KLM and the following subsidiaries : KLM 
Cityhopper, KLM Equipment Services, KLM Catering Services, KLM Health Services, Transavia 
Netherlands, Martinair and EPCOR (for a portion of the indicators), and (ii) for the flight operations, all 
flights operated by KLM, KLM Cityhopper, Martinair and Transavia Netherland, as further described in 
the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework.
"Premium Payment Amount" means the amount specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the 
Premium Payment Amount with respect to a given Target Observation Date.
"Premium Payment Date" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6.5.2.
"Premium Trigger Event" means, in relation to Sustainability-Linked Notes for which a Premium 
Payment Option is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, a Sustainability Trigger Event.
"RPK" means revenue passenger kilometer.
"RTK" means revenue tonne kilometer.
"SBTi" refers to the Science Based Targets initiative (www.sciencebasedtargets.org).
"Scope 1" refers to the greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions from direct activities for Air France Group and 
KLM Group.
"Scope 3 (indirect upstream GHG)" refers to the indirect upstream greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions 
linked to fuel production.
"SPT Verification Assurance Certificate" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6.5.4.
"Step-Up Margin" means the percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Step-Up 
Margin with respect to a given Target Observation Date.
"Step-Up Trigger Event" means, in relation to Sustainability-Linked Notes for which a Step-Up Option 
is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, a Sustainability Trigger Event.
"Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework" means the framework prepared by the Issuer in 
connection with the option to issue Sustainability-Linked Notes, as amended, supplemented and/or 
replaced from time to time, and as made available on the Issuer's website.
"Sustainability Performance Report" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6.5.4.
"Sustainability Performance Target" or "SPT(s)" means the threshold or objective set for the GHG 
emissions intensity KPI to be observed on any corresponding Target Observation Date, if relevant 
compared to the level of such GHG emissions intensity KPI used as a baseline and observed on the 
Baseline Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
"Sustainability Trigger Event" means any of the following events (i) the Issuer fails to satisfy the 
applicable Sustainability Performance Target(s) on the relevant Target Observation Date, or (ii) the 
Issuer fails to publish the applicable Sustainability Performance Report, the Assurance Report or, if 
applicable, the SPT Verification Assurance Certificate, in accordance with Condition 6.5.4. 
"Target Observation Date(s)" means any of the date(s) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.
"Universal Registration Document" means the universal registration document (document 
d'enregistrement universel) of the Issuer which it publishes on its website on an annual basis in relation 
to its latest audited consolidated financial statements.
6.6
Accrual of interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless 
(i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, upon 
due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to

--- Page 71 ---
- 71 -
WS0101.38073570.1
accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 
6 to the Relevant Date.
6.7
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by 
linear interpolation by reference to two (2) rates of interest based on the applicable Reference Rate 
(where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which 
shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity corresponds to a maturity immediately inferior to the 
length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity corresponds to a maturity immediately superior to the length of the same relevant Interest 
Period, provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case 
may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference 
to such sources as it determines appropriate.
In this Condition:
"Designated Maturity" means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated 
in the Reference Rate.
6.8
Margin, maximum/minimum rates of interest, rate multipliers and rounding:
If any Margin or Rate Multiplier is specified in the relevant Final Terms, either (x) generally, or (y) in 
relation to one or more Interest Periods, an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case 
of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance 
with Condition 6.2 above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative 
number) of such Margin or multiplying by such Rate Multiplier, subject always to the next paragraph.
6.8.1
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any 
Rate of Interest shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be.
6.8.2
Unless a higher Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Minimum 
Rate of Interest shall be deemed equal to zero.
6.8.3
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, (x) all percentages 
resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded 
to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that 
fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit or sub-unit of such currency (with 
halves being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest 
yen.
6.9
Calculations: The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated 
by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of such Note by 
the Day Count Fraction and by any Rate Multiplier, unless an Interest Amount is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms in respect of such period, in which case the amount of interest payable in respect of such 
Note for such period shall equal such Interest Amount. 
6.10
Determination and publication of interest and payment amounts: The Calculation Agent or the 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall, as soon as practicable, calculate any rate of interest 
or amount (including any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, 
Adjusted Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Make-Whole Redemption Amount, 
as the case may be), obtain any quotation or make any other determination or calculation that it is required 
to make pursuant to these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, and it shall cause such rate, amount, 
quotation, determination or calculation (as well as any relevant Interest Payment Date) to be notified to 
the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent or 
any Make-Whole Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation 
upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market and the rules of, or applicable to, such Regulated Market so require, such Regulated Market as 
soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant

--- Page 72 ---
- 72 -
WS0101.38073570.1
Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification of a Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth (4th) Business Day after such determination. Where 
any Interest Payment Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 6.2.2, the Interest Amounts and 
the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of 
the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 10, the accrued interest and 
the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as 
previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest 
Amount so calculated need be made. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each 
quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) or the Make-
Whole Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties.
6.11
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation 
Agents if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is 
outstanding. Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in 
these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its 
respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or 
if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or to calculate 
any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption 
Amount or Adjusted Final Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other 
requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or financial institution engaged in the interbank 
market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely 
connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its 
principal office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The 
Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. So 
long as the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules of, or 
applicable to, that Regulated Market so require, notice of any change of Calculation Agent shall be given 
in accordance with Condition 15.
6.12
Make-Whole Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be a Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent if provision is made for it in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is 
outstanding (as defined above). If any Make-Whole Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to continue 
to act as a Make-Whole Calculation Agent or to calculate any Make-Whole Redemption Amount, then 
the Issuer shall appoint another Make-Whole Calculation Agent to act as such in its place. The Make-
Whole Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as 
aforesaid. So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or 
applicable to, that Regulated Market so require, notice of any change of Make-Whole Calculation Agent 
shall be given in accordance with Condition 15.
6.13
RMB Notes: 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, each RMB Note which is a Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum equal to the Rate of Interest. For the 
purposes of calculating the amount of interest, if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a 
day which is not a Business Day, it shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar month in which case it shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. Interest will be payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date.
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on each Interest 
Determination Date, calculate the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination for the relevant 
Interest Period. The determination of the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination by the 
Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error and after confirmation by the Issuer) be final 
and binding upon all parties.
The Calculation Agent will cause the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to each of the Paying Agents and to 
be notified to Noteholders as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the 
fourth (4th) Business Day thereafter. The amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination and 
Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of 
the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 10, the accrued interest per

--- Page 73 ---
- 73 -
WS0101.38073570.1
Specified Denomination shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with this provision but no publication of the amount of interest payable per 
Specified Denomination so calculated need be made.
Interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to the Specified 
Denomination, multiplying such product by the actual number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Period or, as applicable, other period concerned and dividing it by 365, and rounding the resultant figure 
to the nearest Renminbi sub-unit, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention.
7.
Redemption, purchase and options
7.1
Final redemption: Unless previously redeemed or cancelled as provided below, each Note shall be 
finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at its Final Redemption 
Amount (which, unless otherwise provided, is its nominal amount), subject to Condition 6.5 
(Sustainability-Linked Notes). 
7.2
Redemption at the option of the Issuer, exercise of Issuer's options and partial redemption:
7.2.1
Call Option:
If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance 
by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not more than thirty 
(30) nor less than fifteen (15) calendar days' irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 
15 to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) redeem all or, if so provided in the relevant Final Terms, some of the Notes on any 
Optional Redemption Date or Option Exercise Date, as the case may be. Any such redemption 
of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption (including, where 
applicable, any arrears of interest), subject, if one or more Sustainability Trigger Event has 
occurred, to Condition 6.5 (Sustainability-Linked Notes). 
7.2.2
Make-whole redemption:
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, at its option, subject to 
the satisfaction of any refinancing conditions to which the redemption is subject (if any) and 
compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and subject to having 
given not more than thirty (30) nor less than fifteen (15) calendar days' notice (which notice 
shall (i) specify the Optional Make-Whole Redemption Date (as defined below), (ii) specify the 
refinancing conditions to which the redemption is subject (if any) or (iii) be otherwise 
irrevocable) in accordance with Condition 15 to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem the outstanding Notes, in whole or in part, 
at any time prior to their Relevant Redemption Date (the "Optional Make-Whole Redemption 
Date") at their Make-Whole Redemption Amount together with any accrued and unpaid interest 
on the Notes up to, but excluding, the Optional Make-Whole Redemption Date.
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of 
each determination or calculation by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent shall (in the absence 
of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. The Make-Whole Calculation Agent 
shall act as an independent expert and not as agent of the Issuer or the Noteholders.
For the purposes of this Condition:
"Business Day" means a day, not being a Saturday or a Sunday, on which (i) Euroclear France, 
Euroclear and Clearstream are open for business, (ii) commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for business in Paris, and (iii) T2 is operating.
"Make-Whole Redemption Amount" will be calculated by the Make-Whole Calculation 
Agent and will be an amount rounded to the nearest cent (half a cent being rounded upwards) 
being the greater of:

--- Page 74 ---
- 74 -
WS0101.38073570.1
(a)
100 per cent. of the outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes so redeemed; and 
(b)
the sum of the then present values on the relevant Optional Make-Whole Redemption 
Date of (i) the outstanding principal amount of each Note and (ii) the remaining 
scheduled payments of interest (including, with respect to Sustainability-Linked Notes 
for which the Final Terms indicate that the Step-Up Option is applicable, the applicable 
Step-Up Margin from the relevant Interest Step-Up Payment Date, on the assumption 
that the relevant Sustainability Trigger Event will occur, unless the relevant 
Sustainability Performance Target has been achieved for the applicable Target 
Observation Date prior to the notice of Make-Whole Redemption for which an Assurance 
Report is available (as set out in such Assurance Report and as confirmed by an SPT 
Verification Assurance Certificate), in which case if the Sustainability Performance 
Target specified in the relevant Final Terms has been satisfied, no Step-Up Margin shall 
be taken into account) on such Note for the remaining term of such Note until the 
Relevant Redemption Date (determined on the basis of the interest rate applicable to such 
Note from the relevant Optional Make-Whole Redemption Date (excluding any interest 
accruing on such Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Optional Make-Whole 
Redemption Date)), discounted to the Optional Make-Whole Redemption Date on an 
annual basis at the Make-Whole Redemption Rate plus a Make-Whole Redemption 
Margin (as specified in the relevant Final Terms).
In respect of Sustainability-Linked Notes for which Premium Payment Option is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, if (i) a Sustainability Trigger Event has occured on or 
prior to the date of notification of the Optional Make-Whole Redemption Date by the Issuer, or 
(ii) it has not been possible to ascertain whether one or several applicable Sustainability 
Performance Target(s) have been achieved in accordance with Condition 6.5.4 prior to such 
date, the Make-Whole Redemption Amount shall be increased by the corresponding Premium 
Payment Amount or, in the case of a partial redemption of the Sustainability-Linked Notes, by 
the corresponding part of the applicable Premium Payment Amount, unless, with respect to (ii) 
above, if the Issuer provides the Noteholders, prior to the Optional Make Whole Redemption 
Date, with a certificate issued by the External Verifier confirming that the relevant Sustainability 
Performance Target(s) have already been achieved, in which case the corresponding Premium 
Payment Amount, or part thereof in case of a partial redemption, shall not increase the Make-
Whole Redemption Amount.  
"Make-Whole Redemption Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms.
"Make-Whole Redemption Rate" means 
(a)
if "Reference Dealer Quotation" is specified as the method of determination of the 
Make-Whole Redemption Rate in the relevant Final Terms, the rate equal to the 
average of the four (4) quotations given by the Reference Dealers of the mid-market 
annual yield to maturity of the Reference Benchmark Security (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) on the third (3rd) Business Day in Paris preceding the relevant 
Optional Make-Whole Redemption Date at 11.00 a.m. (Central European time 
("CET")) ("Reference Dealer Quotation"); or
(b)
if "Reference Screen Rate" is specified as the method of determination of the Make-
Whole Redemption Rate in the relevant Final Terms, the annual yield to maturity of 
the Reference Benchmark Security (rounded to the nearest 0.001%, with 0.0005% 
rounded upwards) displayed on the Reference Screen Rate as determined by the Make-
Whole Calculation Agent or, if the Reference Screen Rate is not available, the relevant 
Reference Dealer Quotation.
"Principal Amount" means the Specified Denomination, subject to any adjustment as described 
in Condition 7.2.5 following any partial redemption pursuant to Condition 7.2.1, this Condition 
7.2.2 and Condition 7.2.4.
"Reference Benchmark Security" means the reference security specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. If the Reference Benchmark Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will

--- Page 75 ---
- 75 -
WS0101.38073570.1
be chosen by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent after prior consultation with the Issuer if 
practicable under the circumstances, at 11.00 a.m. (CET) on the third (3rd) Business Day in Paris 
preceding the Optional Make-Whole Redemption Date, quoted in writing by the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer.
"Reference Dealers" means each of the four (4) banks selected by the Make-Whole Calculation 
Agent, at its sole discretion, which are primary European government security dealers, and their 
respective successors, or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues.
"Reference Screen Rate" means the screen rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.
"Relevant Redemption Date" means either (i) the Maturity Date or (ii) the Residual Maturity 
Call Option Date, if a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms.
"Similar Security" means a reference bond or reference bonds having an actual or interpolated 
maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes that would be utilised, at the time of 
selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate 
debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes.
The Make-Whole Redemption Rate, the Make-Whole Redemption Margin and the Optional 
Make-Whole Redemption Date will be notified by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15.
So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and the rules of that stock 
exchange so require, the Issuer shall, each year in which there has been a partial redemption of 
the Notes, cause to be published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General 
Regulations (Règlement Général) of the French Autorité des marchés financiers, a notice 
specifying the aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding.
7.2.3
Clean-up Call Option:
Subject to Condition 6.5 (Sustainability-Linked Notes), if a Clean-up Call Option is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as applicable, in the event that at least 75% of the initial aggregate 
principal amount of a particular Series of Notes (including any further notes to be consolidated 
and form a single series with the Notes pursuant to Condition 14 (Further Issues and 
Assimilation)) have been purchased or redeemed by the Issuer, the Issuer may, at its option but 
subject to having given not more than forty-five (45) nor less than fifteen (15) calendar days' 
notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) in accordance with Condition 15, 
redeem all, but not some only, of the remaining Notes in that Series at par together with any 
interest accrued to the date set for redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears of 
interest), provided that if Make-Whole Redemption is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms and the Issuer has partially exercised the make-whole redemption option referred 
to in Condition 7.2.2, the Clean-up Call Option shall not be exercised within a period of twelve 
(12) months as from any Make-Whole Redemption Date.
7.2.4
Residual Maturity Call Option:
Subject to Condition 6.5 (Sustainability-Linked Notes), if a Residual Maturity Call Option is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, at its option but subject to having given 
not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days' notice to the Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable) in accordance with Condition 15 to the Noteholders (or such 
other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), redeem in whole or in part 
the remaining Notes in that Series at par together with any interest accrued to, but excluding, 
the date fixed for redemption, at any time during the period starting on (and including) the 
"Residual Maturity Call Option Date" (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) and ending 
on (but excluding) the Maturity Date. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified 
in such notice in accordance with this Condition.

--- Page 76 ---
- 76 -
WS0101.38073570.1
7.2.5
Exercise of Issuer's options and partial redemption:
In the event of any partial redemption or partial exercise of a call option pursuant to Conditions 
7.2.1, 7.2.2 and/or 7.2.4 above, as applicable, the nominal amount per Specified Denomination 
to be redeemed shall be comprised between the minimum nominal amount per Specified 
Denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms and the maximum nominal amount per 
Specified Denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms.
The nominal amount per Specified Denomination so redeemed and the relevant date fixed for 
redemption shall be specified in the notice sent to the Noteholders in accordance with this 
Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption or a partial exercise of an Issuer's option in respect of 
Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of such Materialised Notes shall also contain the 
number of the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes to be redeemed or in respect of which such 
option has been exercised, which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as 
may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, 
subject to compliance with any applicable laws and requirements of the Regulated Market on 
which the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading, as the case may be.
In the case of a partial redemption of or a partial exercise of an Issuer's option in respect of 
Dematerialised Notes, the redemption will be effected by the application of a pool factor 
(corresponding to a reduction of the aggregate nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes 
in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed). 
So long as the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market, the Issuer 
shall, once in each year in which there has been a partial redemption of the Notes, give notice 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
outstanding and, in the case of Materialised Notes, of a list of any Definitive Materialised Bearer 
Notes drawn for redemption but not surrendered.
7.3
Redemption at the option of Noteholders and exercise of Noteholders' options: 
7.3.1
Redemption at the option of Noteholders following a Change of Control:
In the event of a Change of Control, or in the event that a person, other than an entity controlled 
directly or indirectly by the Issuer (within the meaning of Article L. 233-3 of the French Code 
de commerce), came to hold (via purchase, subscription or any other means) (i) more than 50% 
of the share capital of Société Air France and/or the economic rights of KLM or (ii) more than 
50% of the voting rights of Société Air France and/or KLM (a "Share Transfer"), each 
Noteholder may at its sole option require from the Issuer the early redemption of all or part of 
its Notes, subject to the conditions set out below.
The Notes will be redeemed at their principal amount plus any interest accrued since the last 
Interest Payment Date (or, as the case may be, since the Issue Date), subject to Condition 6.5 
(Sustainability-Linked Notes).
In the event of a Change of Control or Share Transfer, the Issuer will inform the Noteholders, 
no later than thirty (30) calendar days following the effective Change of Control or Share 
Transfer, by means of a notice in accordance with Condition 15. This notice will remind 
Noteholders that they are entitled to require the early redemption of all or part of their Notes 
and will indicate (i) the date which has been set for the early redemption, such date should fall 
between the twenty-fifth (25th) and the thirtieth (30th) Business Day following the date of the 
publication of the notice, (ii) the redemption amount and (iii) the period of at least fifteen (15) 
Business Days, during which early redemption requests and the corresponding Notes should be 
transmitted to the Put Agent.
The Noteholders seeking early redemption of their Notes must make such request to the 
financial intermediary through whose books the Notes are held. Once received by the financial 
intermediary through whose books the Notes are held, the request for early redemption will be 
irrevocable.

--- Page 77 ---
- 77 -
WS0101.38073570.1
Redemption requests and the corresponding Notes shall be submitted to the Put Agent between 
the twentieth (20th) and the fifth (5th) Business Day before the early redemption date.
A form of redemption request will be obtainable from the specified office of any Paying Agent.
The date of the early redemption request shall correspond to the Business Day during the course 
of which the last of conditions (a) and (b) below is met, at the latest at 5 p.m. Paris time or the 
next following Business Day if such condition is met after 5 p.m. Paris time:
(c)
the Put Agent would have received the early redemption request from the financial 
intermediary through whose books the Notes are held;
(d)
the Notes would have been transferred to the Put Agent by the relevant financial 
intermediary.
For the purposes of this Condition 7.3.1, "Change of Control" means, for one or more 
individuals or entities acting alone or in concert, acquiring the control of the Issuer, being 
specified that "control" means, for the purpose of the present definition, the holding (directly 
or indirectly via entities controlled by the relevant person(s)) of (x) the majority of the voting 
rights of the shares of the Issuer or (y) more than 40% of such voting rights if no other 
shareholder of the Issuer, acting alone or in concert, holds (directly or indirectly via entities 
controlled by such shareholder(s)) a percentage of voting rights in excess of the above stake.
7.3.2
Other Put Option:
If a Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of the 
Noteholder, upon the Noteholder giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) 
calendar days' notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) redeem the relevant Note(s) on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at their Optional 
Redemption Amount (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), together with any interest 
accrued to the date set for redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears of interest), 
subject to Condition 6.5 (Sustainability-Linked Notes).
To exercise such option (which must be exercised on an Option Exercise Date) the Noteholder 
shall deposit with a Paying Agent at its specified office a duly completed option exercise notice 
(the "Exercise Notice") in the form obtained from any Paying Agent, within the notice period. 
In the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, the Exercise Notice shall have attached to it the 
relevant Notes (together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons). In the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, the Noteholder shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, the 
Dematerialised Notes to be redeemed to the account of the Paying Agent as specified in the 
Exercise Notice. No option so exercised and, where applicable, no Note so deposited or 
transferred, may be withdrawn without the prior consent of the Issuer.
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, or the Noteholder's 
option shall be exercised, on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition.
7.4
Redemption of Inflation Linked Notes: If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Final 
Redemption Amount in respect of Inflation Linked Notes will be determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the following basis:
Final Redemption Amount = IIR x nominal amount of the Notes
"IIR" being for the purposes of this Condition 7.4 the ratio determined on the fifth Business Day before 
the Maturity Date between either (i) if the CPI is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, 
the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index or (ii) if the HICP is specified as the Index applicable in the 
Final Terms, the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index, on the Maturity Date and the Base Reference on 
the date specified in the relevant Final Terms.
If the Final Redemption Amount calculated as set out above is below par, the Notes will be redeemed at 
par.

--- Page 78 ---
- 78 -
WS0101.38073570.1
7.5
Early redemption:
7.5.1
Zero Coupon Notes:
(a)
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 7.6 or Condition 7.9 or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10 shall be the Amortised 
Nominal Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note.
(b)
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (c) below, the Amortised Nominal Amount 
of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on 
the Maturity Date discounted at the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised Nominal 
Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were discounted back to their issue 
price on the Issue Date) compounded annually.
(c)
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its 
redemption pursuant to Condition 7.6 or Condition 7.9 or upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 10 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption 
Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Nominal 
Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (b) above, except that such sub-
paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the Amortised Nominal 
Amount becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the 
Amortised Nominal Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to 
be made (as well after as before judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant 
Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable 
shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date 
together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 6.3.
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one (1) year, it shall be 
made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the relevant Final Terms.
7.5.2
Inflation Linked Notes: 
(a)
If the relevant Final Terms provide that this Condition 7.5.2 shall apply in respect of 
Inflation Linked Notes, the Early Redemption Amount in respect of such Notes will 
be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis:
Early Redemption Amount = IIR x nominal amount of the Notes
"IIR" being for the purposes of this Condition the ratio determined on the fifth 
Business Day before the date set for redemption between either (i) if the CPI is 
specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, the CPI Daily Inflation Reference 
Index or (ii) if the HICP is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, the 
HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index on the date set for redemption and the Base 
Reference specified in the relevant Final Terms.
If the Early Redemption Amount calculated as set out above is below par, the Notes 
will be redeemed at par.
(b)
If the Inflation Linked Notes (whether or not this Condition 7.5.2 applies) fall to be 
redeemed for whatever reason before the Maturity Date, the Issuer will pay the Early 
Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date set for redemption. 
Such accrued interest will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the 
period from, and including the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the 
case may be, the Interest Commencement Date to, but excluding, the date set for 
redemption of such Notes at a rate per annum on the basis of the provisions of 
Condition 6.2.4 above except that, for such purposes the relevant Interest 
Determination Date shall be the fifth Business Day prior to the relevant Early 
Redemption Date.

--- Page 79 ---
- 79 -
WS0101.38073570.1
7.5.3
Other Notes:
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes described in 
7.5.1 and 7.5.2 above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 7.6 or Condition 
7.9, or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10 shall be the Final 
Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date set for redemption (including, 
where applicable, any arrears of interest).
7.6
Redemption for taxation reasons:
7.6.1
Subject to Condition 6.5 (Sustainability-Linked Notes), if, by reason of a change in any law or 
regulation of the Republic of France or any political subdivision or authority therein or thereof 
having power to tax, or any change in the official application or interpretation of such law or 
regulation (including a holding by a competent court), becoming effective on or after the Issue 
Date, the Issuer would on the occasion of the next payment of principal or interest due in respect 
of the Notes or Coupons, not be able to make such payment without having to pay additional 
amounts as specified under Condition 9 below, the Issuer may, at its sole option, at any time, 
subject to having given not more than sixty (60) nor less than thirty (30) calendar days' notice 
to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) in accordance with Condition 15, redeem 
all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest 
accrued to the date set for redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears of interest), 
provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no 
earlier than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of principal or 
interest without withholding or deduction for French taxes.
7.6.2
Subject to Condition 6.5 (Sustainability-Linked Notes), if the Issuer would, on the next payment 
of principal or interest in respect of the Notes or Coupons, be prevented by French law from 
making payment to the Noteholders or, if applicable, Couponholders of the full amounts then 
due and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking to pay additional amounts contained in 
Condition 9 below, then the Issuer shall forthwith give notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent 
and the Issuer shall, subject to having given not less than seven (7) calendar days’ prior notice 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem 
all, but not some only, of the Notes then outstanding at their Early Redemption Amount together 
with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears 
of interest) of which notice hereunder may be given, provided that the due date for redemption 
shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of 
the full amount of principal or interest payable in respect of the Notes or Coupons or, if such 
date has passed, as soon as practicable thereafter.
7.7
Purchases: The Issuer shall have the right at all times to purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of 
Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto 
or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise, without any limitation (including by way of 
tender and/or exchange offer), at any price and on any condition, in accordance with applicable laws and 
regulations. Any Notes so purchased by the Issuer may be held and resold in accordance with applicable 
laws and regulations, or cancelled in accordance with Condition 7.8.
7.8
Cancellation: All Notes redeemed or purchased for cancellation by or on behalf of the Issuer will be 
cancelled (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, together with all rights relating to payment of interest 
and other amounts relating to such Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance with 
the rules and procedures of Euroclear France, or (ii) in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, together 
with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith, by 
surrendering the Temporary Global Certificate and the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes in question 
together with all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent. Any Notes so 
cancelled or, where applicable, transferred or surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold 
and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged.
7.9
Illegality: If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application or 
interpretation of such law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, it will become unlawful for the Issuer 
to perform or comply with one or more of its obligations under the Notes, the Issuer will, subject to 
having given not more than sixty (60) nor less than thirty (30) calendar days' notice to the Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 15, redeem all, but not some only, of

--- Page 80 ---
- 80 -
WS0101.38073570.1
the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for 
redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears of interest), subject to Condition 6.5 
(Sustainability-Linked Notes), if applicable.
8.
Payments and Talons
8.1
Dematerialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
arrears of interest, where applicable) in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall be made (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Bearer Notes or Dematerialised Administered Registered Notes, by transfer to the 
account denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Account Holders for the benefit of the 
Noteholders or (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Fully Registered Notes, to an account denominated in 
the relevant currency with a bank designated by the Noteholders. All payments validly made to such 
Account Holders will constitute an effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payments.
8.2
Materialised Bearer Notes: Payments of principal and interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
any arrears of interest, where applicable) in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes shall, subject as 
mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Materialised Bearer Notes 
(in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 8.6.5) 
or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 8.6.5), as the case may be, at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant 
currency drawn on, or, at the option of the Noteholder, by transfer to an account denominated in such 
currency with a bank in the Principal Financial Centre for such currency or, in the case of Euro, in a city 
where banks have access to T2.
8.3
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Bearer Notes are 
denominated in U.S. Dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed 
Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such 
Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided 
above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded 
by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such 
payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any 
adverse tax consequence to the Issuer.
8.4
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other 
laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer 
or its Agents are subject but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9. No commission or 
expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments.
8.5
Appointment of agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Put Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Redenomination Agent, the Make-Whole Calculation Agent and the Consolidation Agent initially 
appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed at the end of the Base Prospectus. 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Redenomination Agent, the Registration Agent, the Put Agent 
and the Consolidation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) and the Make-
Whole Calculation Agent act(s) as independent expert(s) and, in each case such, do not assume any 
obligation or relationship of agency for any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right 
at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Put 
Agent, the Redenomination Agent, the Registration Agent, the Make-Whole Calculation Agent, the 
Consolidation Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents, 
provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation 
Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) a Redenomination Agent and a Consolidation Agent 
where the Conditions so require, (iv) in the case of Dematerialised Fully Registered Notes, a Registration 
Agent, (v) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least one major European city (which shall be 
Paris so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris), (vi) a Put Agent, (vii) the Make-
Whole Calculation Agent where the Conditions so require and (viii) such other agents as may be required 
by any other Regulated Market on which the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading.
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Materialised Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. Dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph 8.3 
above.

--- Page 81 ---
- 81 -
WS0101.38073570.1
On a redenomination of the Notes of any Series pursuant to Condition 2.4 with a view to consolidating 
such Notes with one or more other Series of Notes, in accordance with Condition 14, the Issuer shall 
ensure that the same entity shall be appointed as both Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent 
in respect of both such Notes and such other Series of Notes to be so consolidated with such Notes.
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15.
8.6
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons:
8.6.1
Unless Materialised Bearer Notes provide that the relative Coupons are to become void upon 
the due date for redemption of those Notes, Materialised Bearer Notes should be surrendered 
for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an 
amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (together, where applicable, 
with the amount of any arrears of interest corresponding to such Coupon) or, in the case of 
payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured 
Coupon (together, where applicable, with the amount of any arrears of interest corresponding 
to such Coupon) that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due shall be 
deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Amortised Nominal Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Adjusted Final Redemption Amount, as the case 
may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above 
against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of ten (10) years from the Relevant 
Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant 
to Condition 11).
8.6.2
If Materialised Bearer Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any such 
Materialised Bearer Notes, unmatured Coupons relating to such Notes (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them.
8.6.3
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be 
delivered in respect of such Talon.
8.6.4
Where any Materialised Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to 
become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption 
without all unmatured Coupons, and where any such Note is presented for redemption without 
any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of 
such indemnity as the Issuer may require.
8.6.5
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note is not a due date for payment of 
interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any arrears of 
interest if applicable), shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) 
of the relevant Definitive Materialised Bearer Note. Interest accrued on a Materialised Bearer 
Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note 
against presentation of the relevant Materialised Bearer Note.
8.7
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued 
in respect of any Materialised Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if 
necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become 
void pursuant to Condition 11), provided that, in respect of Notes admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, 
such exchange shall always take place at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or of the Paying Agent, 
as the case may be, in Paris.
8.8
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business 
Day, the Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Business Day nor 
to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment.
8.9
Payment of US Dollar Equivalent: Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, if an 
Inconvertibility, Non-Transferability or Illiquidity occurs or if Renminbi is otherwise not available to

--- Page 82 ---
- 82 -
WS0101.38073570.1
the Issuer as a result of circumstances beyond its control and such unavailability has been confirmed by 
a Renminbi Dealer, following which the Issuer is unable to satisfy payments of principal or interest (in 
whole or in part) in respect of RMB Notes, the Issuer on giving not less than five nor more than 30 
calendar days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders prior to the due date for payment, may settle any 
such payment (in whole or in part) in US dollars on the due date at the US Dollar Equivalent of any such 
Renminbi denominated amount.
In such event, payments of the US Dollar Equivalent of the relevant principal or interest in respect of the 
Notes shall be made by transfer to the U.S. dollar account of the relevant Account Holders for the benefit 
of the Noteholders. For the avoidance of doubt, no such payment of the US Dollar Equivalent shall by 
itself constitute a default in payment within the meaning of Condition 10.
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 8.9 by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent, 
will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agents and all Noteholders.
9.
Taxation
9.1
Withholding tax: All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in 
respect of the Notes or Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction 
for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof having power to 
tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.
9.2
Additional amounts: If any French law or regulation require that any payment of principal, interest or 
other revenues in respect of any Note or Coupon be subject to withholding or deduction in respect of any 
present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or 
levied by or on behalf of the Republic of France or any political subdivision or authority therein or 
thereof having power to tax, the Issuer will, to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such 
additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the Noteholders or, if applicable the 
Couponholders, as the case may be, after such deduction or withholding, receive the full amount provided 
in such Notes or Coupons to be then due and payable, except that no such additional amounts shall be 
payable with respect to any Note or Coupon, as the case may be:
9.2.1
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder or, if applicable, a 
Couponholder, as the case may be, who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some 
connection with France other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or
9.2.2
Presentation more than thirty (30) calendar days after the Relevant Date: in the case of 
Materialised Notes, more than thirty (30) calendar days after the Relevant Date.
10.
Events of Default
The Representative (as defined under Condition 12), upon request of any Noteholder, may, after written 
notice by registered letter with acknowledgment of receipt to the Issuer (copy to the Fiscal Agent) has 
been given and unless all defaults shall have been remedied, cause all the Notes held by such Noteholder 
to become immediately due and payable, whereupon such Notes shall become immediately due and 
payable at their Early Redemption Amount, together with any accrued interest thereon until their actual 
redemption date, subject to Condition 6.5 (Sustainability-Linked Notes), without any other formality, if 
any of the following events (each an "Event of Default") occurs:
10.1
the Issuer fails to make payment of any sum due in respect of the Notes and if the Issuer does 
not remedy such default within fifteen (15) calendar days from such due date; or
10.2
the Issuer breaches any of the other provisions relating to the Notes, as the case may be, and 
does not remedy such breach within thirty (30) calendar days from the date the Issuer receives 
written notice of such breach from the Representative; or
10.3
a payment default by the Issuer and/or any of its Principal Subsidiaries occurs in relation to any 
payment of any other borrowed money or loans guaranteed by the Issuer and/or any of its

--- Page 83 ---
- 83 -
WS0101.38073570.1
Principal Subsidiaries for an amount equal to or in excess of €150 million, or its equivalent in 
any other currency, on their due date, or on such date as may have been extended by any 
applicable grace period, unless the Issuer and/or its relevant Principal Subsidiary challenges 
such default in good faith before a competent court, in which case an early redemption of the 
Notes will be mandatory only if the court has decided on the merits of the case (statué au fond); 
or
10.4
judgment is rendered ordering the liquidation or transfer of the entirety of the assets of the Issuer 
or any of its Principal Subsidiaries, or any equivalent procedure; if the Issuer or any of its 
Principal Subsidiaries is subject to a conciliation procedure (procédure de conciliation) as 
provided under Articles L. 611-4 et seq. of the French Code de commerce, or any equivalent 
procedure, are in a state of suspension of payments (cessation de paiements) or any similar state, 
or subject to judicial liquidation proceedings (procédure de liquidation judiciaire) or any 
equivalent procedure.
11.
Prescription
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this purpose shall 
not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten (10) years (in the case 
of principal) or five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of 
them.
12.
Representation of Noteholders
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches of the relevant Series, be grouped automatically for the 
defence of their common interests in a Masse (the "Masse") which will be governed by the provisions of 
Articles L.228-46 et seq. of the French Code de commerce with the exception of Articles L. 228-48, 
L. 228-59, L. 228-65 I 1° and 4°, L. 228-65 II, L. 228-71, R. 228-67, R.228-69, R.228-72 and R. 228-76 
al. 1 thereof, and by the conditions set out below.
12.1
Legal Personality
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common rights, actions 
and benefits which may accrue with respect to the Notes, without prejudice to the rights that Noteholders 
may exercise individually in accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of the terms and conditions 
of the Notes.
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative 
(the "Representative") and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the "Collective 
Decisions").
12.2
Representative
The office of Representative may be conferred on a person of any nationality. However, the following 
persons may not be chosen as Representative:
-
the Issuer, the members of its Board of Directors (Conseil d’administration), its general 
managers (directeurs généraux), its statutory auditors, or its employees as well as their 
ascendants, descendants and spouse; or
-
companies guaranteeing all or part of the obligations of the Issuer, their respective managers 
(gérants), general managers (directeurs généraux), members of their Board of Directors 
(Conseil d’administration), Management Board (Directoire) or Supervisory Board (Conseil de 
surveillance), their statutory auditors, or employees as well as their ascendants, descendants and 
spouse; or
-
companies holding 10 per cent. or more of the share capital of the Issuer or companies having 
10 per cent. or more of their share capital held by the Issuer; or
-
persons to whom the practice of banker is forbidden or who have been deprived of the right of 
directing, administering or managing a company in whatever capacity.

--- Page 84 ---
- 84 -
WS0101.38073570.1
The names and addresses of the initial Representative and its alternate, if any, will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes 
will be the single Representative of all subsequent Tranches in such Series.
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or duties, as 
set out in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in relation to any subsequent 
Tranche of any given Series.
In the event of death, liquidation, dissolution, retirement, resignation or revocation of the Representative, 
such Representative will be replaced by its alternate, if any, or another Representative may be appointed. 
Collective Decisions in relation to the appointment or replacement of the Representative shall be 
published in accordance with Condition 12.7.
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the 
Representative and the alternate Representative, if any, at the registered office of the Issuer.
12.3
Powers of the Representative
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary) have the power to 
take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests of the Noteholders, with 
the capacity to delegate its powers.
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or against the 
Representative and any legal proceedings which shall not be brought in accordance with this provision 
shall not be legally valid.
The Representative may not interfere in the management of the affairs of the Issuer.
12.4
Collective Decisions
Collective Decisions are adopted either (i) in a general meeting (the "General Meeting") or (ii) by 
consent following a written resolution (the "Written Resolutions") (as further described in Condition 
12.4.2 below). 
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each Noteholder to 
participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by entries in the books of the relevant Account 
Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) of the name of such Noteholder as of 
0:00 Paris time, on the second (2nd) business day in Paris preceding the date set for the Collective 
Decision.
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 12.7.
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon request, to 
any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series.
12.4.1
General Meetings
A General Meeting may be held at any time, on convocation either by the Issuer or by the Representative. 
One or more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (1/30) of the principal amount of Notes 
outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the Representative a demand for convocation of the General 
Meeting, together with the proposed agenda for such General Meeting. If such General Meeting has not 
been convened within two (2) months after such demand, the Noteholders may commission one of their 
members to petition the competent court in Paris to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the 
General Meeting.
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in accordance with 
Condition 12.7 not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting on first 
convocation and not less than five (5) calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting on second 
convocation.

--- Page 85 ---
- 85 -
WS0101.38073570.1
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Noteholders present or 
represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. On second 
convocation, no quorum shall be required. The decisions of the General Meeting shall be taken by a 
simple majority of votes cast by the Noteholders attending such General Meeting or represented thereat.
In accordance with Article L. 228-61 of the French Code de commerce, each Noteholder has the right to 
participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, by correspondence, by videoconference, or by any 
other means of telecommunication allowing the identification of participating Noteholders.
Each Noteholder or Representative thereof will have the right, to consult or make a copy of the text of 
the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports, if any, which will be presented at the General 
Meeting, all of which will be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the registered office 
of the Issuer and at any other place specified in the notice of the General Meeting, during the fifteen (15) 
calendar day period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on first convocation, or during the 
five (5) calendar day period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on second convocation or 
during the fifteen (15) calendar day period preceding the seeking of approval of a resolution by way of 
a Written Resolution.
The General Meeting is empowered to deliberate on the dismissal and replacement of the Representative 
and also may act with respect to any other matter that relates to the common rights, actions and benefits 
of the Noteholders which now or in the future may accrue, including authorizing the Representative to 
act at law as plaintiff or defendant in the name and on behalf of the Noteholders.
The General Meeting may further deliberate on any proposal relating to the modification of the 
Conditions including any proposal, whether for arbitration or settlement, relating to rights in controversy 
or which were the subject of judicial decisions, it being specified, however, that the General Meeting 
may not increase the liabilities (charges) to Noteholders, nor establish any unequal treatment between 
the Noteholders, nor to decide to convert the Notes into shares.
12.4.2
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce the Issuer shall be entitled in lieu of the 
holding of a General Meeting to seek approval of a resolution from the Noteholders by way of a Written 
Resolution. 
Notices seeking the approval of a Written Resolution, which shall include the text of the proposed 
resolutions together with any report thereon, will be published as provided under Condition 12.4.1 no 
less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date fixed for the passing of such Written Resolution (the 
"Written Resolution Date"). Notices seeking the approval of a Written Resolution will contain the 
conditions of form and time limits to be complied with by the Noteholders who wish to express their 
approval or rejection of such proposed Written Resolution. Noteholders expressing their approval or 
rejection before the Written Resolution Date will undertake not to dispose of their Notes until after the 
Written Resolution Date. 
Written Resolutions shall be signed or approved by one or more Noteholders holding together not less 
than seventy five (75) per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes outstanding. Approval of a Written 
Resolution may also be given by way of electronic communication allowing the identification of 
Noteholders. Any Written Resolution shall, for all purposes, have the same effect as a resolution passed 
at a General Meeting of such Noteholders. Such Written Resolution may be contained in one document, 
or in several documents in like form each signed by or on behalf of one or more of such Noteholders, 
and shall be published in accordance with Condition 12.7.
12.4.3
Effect of resolutions
A resolution passed at a General Meeting, and a Written Resolution, shall be binding on all Noteholders, 
whether or not present at the General Meeting and whether or not, in the case of a Written Resolution, 
they have participated in such Written Resolution and each of them shall be bound to give effect to the 
resolution accordingly.

--- Page 86 ---
- 86 -
WS0101.38073570.1
12.5
Single Masse
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which have been 
assimilated (assimilées) with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance with Condition 14, 
shall, for the defense of their respective common interests, be grouped in a single Masse. The 
Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the single 
Representative of all such Series.
12.6
Sole Noteholder
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder, such Noteholder shall exercise 
all powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the Masse by the provisions of the French Code de 
commerce. The Issuer shall hold a register of the decisions taken by the sole Noteholder in this capacity 
and shall make it available, upon request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if a Representative has been appointed while the Notes of a given Series are 
held by a single Noteholder, such Representative shall be devoid of powers.
12.7
Notices to Noteholders
Any notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 12 shall be given in accordance 
with Condition 15.5.
12.8
Outstanding Notes
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 12, the term "outstanding" shall not include those Notes 
purchased by the Issuer, or on its behalf, or by any of its subsidiaries pursuant to applicable laws and 
regulations that are held by it and not cancelled.
12.9
Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Code de commerce
The provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 1° and 4° of the French Code de commerce (respectively providing 
for a prior approval of the General Meeting of the Noteholders of any change in corporate purpose or 
form of the Issuer or of an issue of bonds benefiting from a security (sûreté réelle)) and the related 
provisions of the French Code de commerce shall not apply to the Notes.
12.10
Expenses
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, including all expenses relating 
to the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all administrative expenses 
resolved upon by Collective Decisions, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed 
against interest payable under the Notes.
13.
Replacement of definitive Notes, Coupons and Talons
If, in the case of any Materialised Bearer Notes, a Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon 
is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws and 
regulations, and regulations of the Regulated Market on which the Notes are listed and/or admitted to 
trading, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as may from time to time 
be designated by the Issuer for such purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in 
each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such 
terms as to evidence security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, 
stolen or destroyed Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for 
payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on 
demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes, 
Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Materialised 
Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.
14.
Further issues and consolidation
14.1
Further issues: The Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and 
issue further Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with the Notes provided such

--- Page 87 ---
- 87 -
WS0101.38073570.1
Notes and the further Notes carry rights identical in all respects (or in all respects save for the principal 
amount thereof and the issue date specified in the relevant Final Terms) and that the terms of such further 
Notes provide for such assimilation, and references in these Conditions to "Notes" shall be construed 
accordingly.
14.2
Consolidation: The Issuer, with the prior approval of the Consolidation Agent, may from time to time 
on any Interest Payment Date occurring on or after the Redenomination Date on giving not less than 
thirty (30) calendar days' prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15, without the 
consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, consolidate the Notes of one Series with the Notes of one 
or more other Series issued by it, whether or not originally issued in one of the European national 
currencies or in Euro, provided such other Notes have been redenominated in Euro (if not originally 
denominated in Euro) and which otherwise have, in respect of all periods subsequent to such 
consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the Notes.
15.
Notices
15.1
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Registered Notes shall be valid if either (i) they are mailed to 
them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been given on the fourth 
(4th) weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or (ii) at the option of 
the Issuer, they are published (a) in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in Europe (which 
is expected to be the Financial Times) or (b) in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the general 
regulations (règlement général) of the AMF or (c) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris, in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected to be 
Les Echos) and, so long as such Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on any other Regulated Market 
and the rules of, or applicable to, such Regulated Market so require, in a leading daily newspaper with 
general circulation in the city where the Regulated Market on which such Notes are listed and/or admitted 
to trading is located, or by any such other method permitted by such Regulated Market.
15.2
Notices to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes and Dematerialised Bearer Notes shall be valid if 
published (i) in a daily leading newspaper with general circulation in Europe (which is expected to be 
the Financial Times) or (ii) in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the general regulations 
(règlement général) of the AMF or (iii) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, 
in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected to be Les Echos) and so 
long as such Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on any other Regulated Market, in a leading daily 
newspaper with general circulation in the city where the Regulated Market on which such Notes are 
listed and/or admitted to trading is located, or by any such other method permitted by such Regulated 
Market.
15.3
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading 
daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed 
to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, 
on the date of the first publication as provided above. Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes 
to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes in 
accordance with this Condition.
15.4
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in bearer 
form) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, 
Euroclear, Clearstream or any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being 
cleared in substitution for the mailing and publication of a notice required by Conditions 15.1 and 15.2 
above; except that (i) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, notices shall be 
published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected to be Les 
Echos) or in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the general regulations (règlement général) of 
the AMF, and (ii) so long as the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and 
the rules of, or applicable to, such Regulated Market so require, notices shall be published in a leading 
daily newspaper of general circulation in the city where the Regulated Market on which such Notes are 
listed and/or admitted to trading is located, or by any such other method permitted by such Regulated 
Market.
15.5
Notices relating to the Collective Decisions pursuant to Condition 12 and pursuant to Articles R.228-79 
or R.236-14 of the French Code de commerce shall be given by delivery of the relevant notice to 
Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes are for

--- Page 88 ---
- 88 -
WS0101.38073570.1
the time being cleared and on the website of the Issuer (www.airfranceklm.com) and (for the avoidance 
of doubt) Conditions 15.1 to 15.4 shall not apply to such notices.
16.
Method of publication of the prospectus and the Final Terms
So long as any Notes issued under this Base Prospectus remain listed and/or admitted to trading on any 
Regulated Market, this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms related to Notes listed and/or admitted to 
trading on any Regulated Market will be published on the websites of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) 
and the Issuer (www.airfranceklm.com). 
In addition, should the Notes be listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than 
Euronext Paris, the Final Terms related to those Notes will provide whether this Base Prospectus and the 
relevant Final Terms will be published on the website of (x) such Regulated Market or (y) the competent 
authority of the Member State in the EEA where such Regulated Market is situated.
17.
Governing law and jurisdiction
17.1
Governing law: The Notes (and, where applicable, Coupons and Talons) and all matters arising from or 
connected with the Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of the 
Republic of France.
17.2
Jurisdiction: Any legal action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with the Notes, Coupons or 
Talons will be irrevocably submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the competent courts of the Issuer’s 
head office.

--- Page 89 ---
- 89 -
WS0101.38073570.1
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED BEARER NOTES
Temporary Global Certificates
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection with Materialised 
Bearer Notes. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream (the "Common Depositary"), Euroclear or Clearstream will credit each subscriber 
with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid.
The Common Depositary may also (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) credit the accounts of subscribers 
with other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream held by such other 
clearing systems with a nominal amount of Notes. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes that is initially 
deposited with any clearing system other than Euroclear or Clearstream may similarly be credited to the accounts 
of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream or other clearing systems.
Exchange
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, 
on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below):
(i)
if the relevant Final Terms indicate that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance with 
the C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see "General Description 
of the Programme — Selling Restrictions"), in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Materialised Bearer 
Notes; and
(ii)
otherwise, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes upon certification as to 
non-US beneficial ownership (a form of which shall be available at the specified offices of any of the 
Paying Agents).
A Noteholder must exchange its share of the Temporary Global Certificate for Materialised Bearer Notes before 
interest or any amount payable in respect of the Notes will be paid.
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of the Temporary Global Certificate must surrender such Temporary 
Global Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent (or its designated agent). In exchange for the Temporary 
Global Certificate so surrendered, the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal 
amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes.
In this Base Prospectus, "Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes" means, in relation to any Temporary Global 
Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes for which such Temporary Global Certificate may be 
exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons in respect of interest that have not already been 
paid on the Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes will be security 
printed in accordance with any applicable legal requirements and requirements of the Regulated Market. Forms 
of such Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes shall be available at the specified offices of the designated Paying 
Agent(s).
Exchange Date
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the calendar day next succeeding the 
calendar day that is forty (40) calendar days after its issue date, provided that, in the event any further Materialised 
Notes are issued prior to such calendar day pursuant to Condition 13, the Exchange Date for such Temporary 
Global Certificate shall be postponed to the calendar day falling after the expiry of forty (40) calendar days after 
the issue of such further Materialised Notes.

--- Page 90 ---
- 90 -
WS0101.38073570.1
USE OF PROCEEDS
The net proceeds of issues of Notes by the Issuer will be used for its general corporate purposes or as set out in 
the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 91 ---
- 91 -
WS0101.38073570.1
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP’S SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY
The following is a summary of Air France KLM's Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework published on 21 
December 2022 on the website of Air France KLM (https://www.airfranceklm.com/sites/default/files/2022-
12/AFK_ESG_V5_VA.pdf) (the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework). Such Sustainability-Linked 
Financing Framework and any opinion, report or certification and any other document relating to it do not form 
part of the Base Prospectus.
In addition, Noteholders may wish to complete their understanding of the Corporate Social Responsibility and 
Performance Strategy of the Group as set out in the following pages of the 2023 Universal Registration Document:
Information in relation to the Group's Corporate Social Responsibility 
and Performance Strategy:
Page numbers in the 2023 
Universal Registration Document:
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY - EXTRA-FINANCIAL 
PERFORMANCE STATEMENT 

Creating long-term value for all our stakeholders

Human ressources

Addressing the impact on the environment 

Customer trust

Ethics and compliance

Societal value

Report by one of the Independent Third Party, on the 
consolidated non-financial statement
Pages 227 to 332
Capitalised terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meaning given to them in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes or, as the case may be, in the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework.
Air France-KLM Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework
The Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework has been established in accordance with the recommendations 
of the Sustainability‐Linked Bond Principles ("SLBP") as administered and published by the International Capital 
Markets Association ("ICMA") in June 20201. 
The following five components, as detailed in the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework, form the basis of 
the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework:
1.
Selection of Key Performance Indicator (KPI);
2.
Calibration of Sustainability Performance Targets (SPTs);
3.
Characteristics of Sustainability-Linked Financing Instruments;
4.
Reporting; and
5.
Verification.
The Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework will be used for any potential debt financing instruments 
("Sustainability-Linked Financing Instruments"), including, but not limited to, Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
The Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework will apply to any such Sustainability-Linked Notes issued by 
Air France-KLM and will continue to do so as long as any such Sustainability-Linked Notes remain outstanding.
Selection of Key Performance Indicator
Air France-KLM has selected one Key Performance Indicator (KPI) that is relevant, core and material to its overall 
business and of high strategic significance to the Air France-KLM group’s current and/or future operations. The 
1 SLBP 2020: https://www.icmagroup.org/assets/documents/Regulatory/Green-Bonds/June-2020/Sustainability-
Linked-Bond-PrinciplesJune-2020-100620.pdf

--- Page 92 ---
- 92 -
WS0101.38073570.1
KPI is aligned with the Sustainable Development roadmap and the United Nations 2030 Sustainable Development 
Goals as part of the 2030 Agenda. 
KPI : Greenhouse gas emissions intensity
Definition
GHG emissions intensity
Unit
Metric tons of CO2 equivalent per Revenue Tonne Kilometer (gCO2e/RTK) 
Rationale for selection
As detailed in the first section, fight against climate change is the most material environmental 
issue for the aviation sector, with civil aviation emitting around 2.4% of global emissions. The 
sector's GHG emissions increased by 40% between 2005 and 2019, due to strong traffic growth, 
despite continuous improvements in the energy efficiency of aircraft, engines, and their 
operation. It is therefore key that air transport emissions start to decrease significantly, to 
mitigate its impact on climate change globally. 
Perimeter and Scope
This KPI covers the absolute value of the scope 1 (emissions from direct activities for Air 
France Group and KLM Group) and scope 3 (Upstream emissions from fuel production) CO2 
emissions of the Group operations, divided by the sum of RTK (Revenue Tonne Kilometer) 
and RPK (Revenue Passenger Kilometer), representing all industry segments in which Air 
France-KLM group operates. 
-
RTK is the most commonly used unit of measure of freight transport which 
represent the transport of one tonne of goods by air over a distance of one 
kilometer;
-
RPK is the most commonly used unit of measure representing the transport of 
one paid passenger by air over one kilometer. 
The scope of activities taken into account for its assessment is the same as the one used for the 
URD:

For the flight operations, the scope covers:
-
Air France Group scope: all flights under AF code operated by Air France and HOP, 
all flights under TO code operated by Transavia France.
-
KLM Group scope: all flights operated by KLM, KLM Cityhopper, Martinair and 
Transavia Netherland.

For the ground operations, the scope covers:
-
Air France consolidated subsidiaries: HOP!, CRMA, Sodexi, BlueLink and Transavia 
France.
-
KLM consolidated subsidiaries: KLC (KLM Cityhopper), KES (KLM Equipment 
Services), KCS (KLM Catering Services), KHS (KLM Health Services), Transavia 
Netherlands, Martinair and EPCOR (for a portion of the indicators).
The scope covers nearly 100% of the sites in France and the Netherlands (some very small 
subsidiaries being excluded). The international stations are not taken into account (partially for 
the French Overseas Departments and Territories).
Most of the GHG emissions are generated by Air France – KLM group’s direct activities (scope 
1 representing around 74% of the Group’s footprint in 2019 with mainly flight operations which 
represent 99.7% of the scope 1), and its indirect emissions linked to fuel production (scope 3 
representing 19% of the Group’s footprint in 2019). The KPI does therefore not include scope 
2 (emissions from electricity) which represent less than 0.1% of the Group’s footprint in 2019, 
neither the rest of scope 3 emissions, which represent 7 to 8% of the Group’s footprint.
Carbon offset and avoided emissions are not included in the KPI calculation to comply with 
SBTi methodology and framework 
Methodology 
for 
calculation
Absolute emissions are calculated based exclusively on an operational control basis. Emissions 
are reported in totality for the site if the Group has full operational control, whether it owns the 
site or not and whether it owns a majority share (50%) of the company or more. 
GHG emissions are calculated by the Group based on the GHG Protocol Standard and other 
key external inputs (e.g. emission factors) and reduction targets are accounted following the 
SBTi methodology.
Calculations and scope for this KPI are established by Air France KLM group in accordance 
with SBTi guidelines. 
Verification
This KPI historical data, baseline and future performance are/will be independently verified by 
the Statutory Auditors before publication on an annual basis. The Statutory Auditors will issue

--- Page 93 ---
- 93 -
WS0101.38073570.1
a limited assurance report available in Air France KLM’s Universal Registration Document 
(URD).
Baseline 
“GHG emissions intensity” in 2019 (baseline): 948 gCO2e/RTK.
For more details on this KPI, please see the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework. 
Calibration of the Sustainability Performance Targets (SPTs)
Air France-KLM has set ambitious Sustainability Performance Targets ("SPTs") to highlight its sustainability 
commitment outlined at the beginning of the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework, with both short- and 
long-term trajectories. The number of SPTs will vary depending on the maturity of the contemplated 
Sustainability-Linked Notes. For each Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Sustainability-Linked 
Financing Framework, the applicable SPT(s) and the observation date(s) at which compliance with the applicable 
SPT(s) will be assessed (the "Target Observation Date(s)") will be detailed in the relevant Final Terms. The 
SPT observation period will be aligned with the fiscal annual reporting period (i.e. from 1st of January to 31st of 
December).
Greenhouse gas emissions intensity

SPT 1.1: GHG emissions intensity reduction by 10% by 2025 from a 2019 baseline.

SPT 1.2: GHG emissions intensity reduction by 30% by 2030 from a 2019 baseline.
Targets and KPI historical data
KPI (gCO2e/RTK)
2019 
2020 
2021* 
2025
2030
CO2 emissions intensity** 
948 
1104 
1042 
851 
672 
SPT - % reduction
 
+16 % 
+9.9 % 
-10 % 
-30 % 
* Please note that 2021 figure and percentage have been corrected due to a formal error and are consistent with the figures 
dislosed in page 240 of the 2022 Universal Registration. The Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework will be amended 
when updated.
** These figures reflect the performance target Air France-KLM wishes to achieve (-10% in 2025 and -30% in 2030).
The targets and KPI historical data for 2023 are available on page 276 of the 2023 Universal Registration 
Document.
Characteristics of the Sustainability-Linked Notes
For the avoidance of doubt, unless otherwise stated, the proceeds of any Sustainability-Linked Note issuances 
will be used for general corporate purposes or such other purpose specified in the relevant Final Terms. Air 
France-KLM will assign structural and/or financial implications to the achievement or non-achievement of the 
pre-defined SPT(s) at the relevant Target Observation Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. These 
structural and/or financial implications may include, but are not limited to, a coupon step-up or the payment of a 
premium at maturity of the relevant Sustainability-Linked Notes. In any case these implications would be 
meaningful and commensurate as aligned with market practices.
If the Air France-KLM group fails to comply with some reporting or verifications, as specified in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, or if the Air France-KLM group is no able to calculate or observe the KPI in a satisfactory 
manner, the defined structural and/or financial implications will be triggered and applied as if the relevant SPT 
was not met on the relevant Target Observation Date.
Reporting
On an annual basis, Air France-KLM will publish on its website the performance of the KPI to any Sustainability-
Linked Note(s) outstanding until the achievement of the relevant selected SPT(s). This reporting will be made 
publicly available within each relevant URD of the Air France-KLM group and could include:

information on the performance and monitoring of the KPI;

--- Page 94 ---
- 94 -
WS0101.38073570.1

verification assurance report relative to the SPT outlining the performance against the SPT and the 
related impact, and timing of such impact, on an instrument’s financial performance; and

any relevant information enabling investors to monitor the progress of the SPT.
With repect to any particular issue of Sustainability-Linked Notes, the reporting obligation of Air France-KLM 
will be made in accordance with Condition 6.5.4 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
When relevant, information may also include any re-assessments of the KPI and/or restatement of the SPT and/or 
pro-forma adjustments of baseline or KPI scope.
Verification
Pre-Issuance Verification
Air France-KLM Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework has been reviewed by Moody's Investor Services 
(the "SPO Provider") which provided a second party opinion ("Second Party Opinion"), confirming (i) the 
alignment of the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework with the SLBP 2020 as administered and published 
by ICMA and (ii) the significant contribution to sustainability. 
The Second Party Opinion will be made available to the public on Air France-KLM group’s website.
Post-Issuance Verification
Air France-KLM group annual performance on the KPI at the relevant Target Observation Date will be verified 
by an External Verifier to a limited level of assurance, the result of which will be included in the annual URD of 
Air France-KLM group as per Condition 6.5.4 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
Update and amendment of the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework
Air France-KLM group may review the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework from time to time to ensure 
continued alignment with the relevant voluntary market principles, emerging standards and classification systems. 
Any updated version of the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework will either maintain or improve the 
current levels of transparency and reporting disclosures. Air France-KLM group may also review the 
Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework in case of material changes in the perimeter methodology and in 
particular, the definitions of the KPI and/or the calibration of the SPT(s).
Such review may result in the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework being updated and amended. The 
updates and amendments, if not minor in nature, will be subject to the prior approval of a qualified provider of a 
Second Party Opinion.
The updated Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework, if any, will be published on Air France-KLM group’s 
website and will replace the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework.

--- Page 95 ---
- 95 -
WS0101.38073570.1
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER
For a general description of the Group, its activities and its financial condition, please refer to the sections and 
pages of the Second Quarter 2024 Results Press Release, the 2024 Half Year Financial Report, the 2023 Universal 
Registration Document and the 2022 Universal Registration Document identified in the cross-reference table of 
the "Documents Incorporated by Reference" section of this Base Prospectus and the "Recent Developments" 
section of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 96 ---
- 96 -
WS0101.38073570.1
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS
Press release dated 26 July 2024:
“DESCRIPTION 
OF 
THE 
SHARE 
BUYBACK 
PROGRAM 
AUTHORIZED 
BY 
THE 
SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETING OF JUNE 5, 2024
Pursuant to Article 241-2 of the General Regulations of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF), the purpose 
of this description is to present the objectives and terms of the share buyback program authorized by the 
Shareholders’ meeting of June 5, 2024.

Securities concerned: ordinary shares issued by AIR FRANCE – KLM. 

Maximum amount of the share capital that may be acquired by the Company: 10 %. 

Maximum number of shares that may be acquired by the Company, based on the number of shares 
composing the share capital as of June 30, 2024: 26,276,986, but considering the 17,352 treasury 
shares, only 26,259,634 shares may be purchased. 

Allocation of the treasury shares as of June 30, 2024: the 17,352 treasury shares as of June 30, 2024 
will be allocated to meet obligations arising from share allotment plans in respect of the remuneration of 
corporate officers. 

Maximum purchase price per share: €40. 

Objectives: 
The objectives of the share buyback program under the terms of 21st resolution of the Shareholders’ 
meeting of June 5, 2024 are as follow:
a.
to cancel them by way of a capital reduction, 
b.
to allow an investment firm to coordinate stock liquidity within the framework of a liquidity 
contract in compliance with the Compliance Charter recognized by the AMF,
c.
to allocate shares upon exercise of the rights to shares attached to securities issued by the Company 
or by companies in which it holds, either directly or indirectly, more than half of the share capital 
and that grant the right to the allocation of Company shares via conversion, exercise, repayment, 
exchange, presentation of a warrant or any other means, 
d.
to carry out any allocation or sale of shares to employees and/or corporate officers of the Company 
and companies, located in France or internationally, related to it under the conditions set forth in 
Article L. 225-180 of French Commercial Code, any allocation of free shares, any employee 
shareholding scheme, any Company compensation scheme, within the context of, in particular, the 
relevant provisions set forth under the French Commercial Code and/or French Labor Code, or 
French or foreign legal and regulatory provisions and the execution of any hedging transaction 
associated with these related party transactions and commitments of the Company, under the 
conditions provided for by the market authorities and at the times at which the Board of Directors 
or the person acting pursuant to a delegation of power granted by the Board of Directors takes 
action, 
e.
to hold or remit shares in order to use them as payment or in an exchange offer within the framework 
of external growth transactions, 
f.
and, more generally, to engage in any market practice that may be admissible by law or by the AMF 
and to execute any transaction in compliance with the applicable regulations, it being specified that, 
in such a case, the Company would inform its shareholders by means of a press release.

Duration of the program: 18 months as of the Shareholders’ meeting of June 5, 2024.”

--- Page 97 ---
- 97 -
WS0101.38073570.1
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE OF THE NOTES
Summary of Dealer Agreement
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in a dealer agreement dated 29 July 2024 (the "Dealer 
Agreement") between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, the Notes will be offered on a 
continuous basis to the permanent dealers (the "Permanent Dealers"). However, the Issuer has reserved the right 
to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to dealers that are not Permanent Dealers (together with the Permanent 
Dealers, the "Dealers"). The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents for the 
Issuer. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer the commission agreed between them in respect of the Notes subscribed 
by or through such Dealer. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of 
the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe 
Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer.
Selling restrictions 
General
These selling restrictions may be amended or supplemented in a supplement to this Base Prospectus, in particular 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive.
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit an offer to retail investors of any of the Notes, or 
possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any country 
or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it 
will comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it acquires, purchases, 
offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material 
or any Final Terms and that it will obtain any consent, approval or permission required for the purchase, offer or 
sale of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it makes such purchase, offer or 
sale. None of the Issuer or any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefor.
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that Materialised Notes may only be issued and placed with 
investors outside France.
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of 
this provision: 
(a)
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or both) of the following:
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended 
("MiFID II"); or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the IDD, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; and
(b)
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes.

--- Page 98 ---
- 98 -
WS0101.38073570.1
France
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, 
directly or indirectly, any Notes to the public in France pursuant to an exemption under Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation and under Article L.411-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier and that the Base 
Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Notes and such offers, sales and distributions have been 
and will be made in France only to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés), as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation.
United Kingdom
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will 
not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a)
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or both) of the following:
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); 
or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement the IDD, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; and
(b)
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes.
Other regulatory restrictions
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree that:
(a)
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one (1) year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other 
than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer;
(b)
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and
(c)
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to such Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.

--- Page 99 ---
- 99 -
WS0101.38073570.1
United States of America
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the U.S. 
Securities Act), except in accordance with Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act, as amended ("Regulation 
S") or for certain transactions exempt from, or not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S.
Materialised Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than one (1) year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements 
and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, 
except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder.
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that, 
except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it has not offered or sold and it will not offer or sell or, in the case 
of Materialised Bearer Notes, deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche, (i) as part of their distribution at any 
time or (ii) otherwise until forty (40) calendar days after the later of the commencement of the offering of any 
identifiable Tranche and the closing date (the "Resale Restriction Termination Date"), within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S, and it 
will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes prior to the Resale Restriction Termination Date a confirmation 
or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S.
The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S.
In addition, until forty (40) calendar days after the later of the commencement of the offering of any identifiable 
Tranche and the closing date, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons, by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering of such Notes) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such an offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with 
an available exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act.
Hong Kong
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree, that:
(a)
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes 
(except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
(Cap. 571) of Hong Kong ("SFO")) other than (i) to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and 
any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being 
a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance 
(Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the "C(WUMP)O") or which do not constitute an offer to the public within 
the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and
(b)
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation 
or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed 
or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong 
Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside 
Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO.
People's Republic of China
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree, that neither it nor any of its affiliates has offered or sold or will offer 
or sell any of the Notes in the People's Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, 
Macau Special Administrative Region and Taiwan) except as permitted by the securities laws of the People's 
Republic of China.

--- Page 100 ---
- 100 -
WS0101.38073570.1
Singapore 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and Accredited 
Investors only" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus 
with the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the "MAS"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and 
agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this 
Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to 
an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as modified 
or amended from time to time, the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an accredited investor 
(as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 
of the SFA.
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and Accredited 
Investors only" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus 
with the MAS. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold 
any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not 
offer or sell the Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and 
has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or 
material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether 
directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 
4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the 
SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275 (1A) of the SFA, and in 
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in 
accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.

--- Page 101 ---
- 101 -
WS0101.38073570.1
FORM OF FINAL TERMS
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer[’s/s’] 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) 
categories referred to in item 19 of the Guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
("ESMA") on 3 August 2023, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial 
instruments, as amended ("MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]2
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET - Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer[’s/s’] 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, has led to the conclusion that: (i) 
the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]3
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
both) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial 
instruments, as amended ("MiFID II")]/[MiFID II]; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 on insurance distribution (as amended or superseded, the "IDD"), where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation 1286/2014/EU, as amended (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or both) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the IDD, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic 
2 
Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking 
into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 
2018.
3
The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and 
therefore there are no UK MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may 
be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance 
legend or where both are included.

--- Page 102 ---
- 102 -
WS0101.38073570.1
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
[SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA") and the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), the Issuer 
has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes 
are [prescribed capital markets products]/[capital markets products other than "prescribed capital markets 
products"] (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and [are] [Excluded]/[Specified] Investment Products (as 
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: 
Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]4
4 
Legend must be included if the Notes are being offered to investors other than accredited investors and/or 
institutional investors (each as defined in the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the SFA)) in 
Singapore. If so, relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it/they have received the necessary product 
classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 103 ---
- 103 -
WS0101.38073570.1
Final Terms dated []
AIR FRANCE-KLM
Euro 4,500,000,000
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
SERIES NO: []
TRANCHE NO: []
[Brief description and Amount of Notes]
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)]
PART A 
CONTRACTUAL TERMS
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 29 July 2024 which received approval number 24-334 from the Autorité des marchés financiers 
("AMF") in France on 29 July 2024 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [] which received approval 
number [] from the AMF on [] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus"). The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as amended.
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on 
the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and 
the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [and the Final Terms] [is] 
[are] available on the websites of (a) the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and (b) Air France-KLM ("the Issuer") 
(www.airfranceklm.com) and copies may be obtained from Air France-KLM, 7, rue du Cirque, 75008 Paris, 
France. [In addition5, the Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for 
viewing [at/on] []].
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.]
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of the 
Notes (the Conditions) which are the [2022 Conditions]/[2023 Conditions] (as defined in section “Documents 
incorporated by reference”) which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 29 July 2024, which 
received approval number 24-334 from the Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) on 29 July 2024 [and the 
supplement[s] to it dated []] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the Prospectus Regulation), including the Conditions which are incorporated by 
reference therein (the Base Prospectus). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus, in order 
to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and these Final Terms] [has/have] been published on 
the AMF website at www.amf-france.org and on the website of the Issuer (www.airfranceklm.com). [In addition6, 
the Base Prospectus [and the supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing [at/on] []].]
1.
(i)
Issuer:
Air France-KLM
2.
(i)
Series Number:
[]
5 
If the Notes are admitted to trading on a regulated market other than Euronext Paris
6 
If the Notes are admitted to trading on a regulated market other than on Euronext Paris.

--- Page 104 ---
- 104 -
WS0101.38073570.1
(ii)
[Tranche Number:
[]
(if fungible with an existing Series, details of 
that Series, including the date on which the 
Notes become fungible).]
The Notes will be assimilated (assimilées) and form a 
single series with the (insert description of the 
relevant Series) (the "Existing Notes") as from the 
date of assimilation which is expected to be on or 
about 40 calendar days after the Issue Date. 
3.
Specified Currency or Currencies:
[]
4.
Aggregate Nominal Amount:
(i)
Series:
[]
(ii)
Tranche:
[]
5.
(i)
Issue Price:
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of 
fungible issues only, if applicable)]
6.
Specified Denomination(s):
[]7(one denomination only for Dematerialised Notes)
7.
(i)
Issue Date:
[]
(ii)
Interest Commencement Date:
[specify/Issue Date]
8.
Maturity Date:
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year]
9.
Interest Basis:
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate[, subject to any Step-Up 
Trigger Event (only applicable for Sustainability-
Linked Notes with "Step-Up Option" below specified 
as applicable)]
[[specify reference rate] +/– [] per cent. Floating 
Rate[, subject to any Step-Up Trigger Event (only 
applicable for Sustainability-Linked Notes with 
"Step-Up Option" below specified as applicable)]
[Fixed/Floating Rate[, subject to any Step-Up Trigger 
Event (only applicable for Sustainability-Linked 
Notes with "Step-Up Option" below specified as 
applicable)]]
[Zero Coupon]
[CPI Linked Interest]
7 
Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by 
the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 and which have a maturity of less than one (1) year must have a 
minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).

--- Page 105 ---
- 105 -
WS0101.38073570.1
[HICP Linked Interest]
(further particulars specified below)
10.
Redemption/Payment Basis:
[Redemption at par[, subject to any Premium Trigger 
Event (only applicable for Sustainability-Linked 
Notes with "Premium Payment Option" below 
specified as applicable)]
[Inflation Linked Redemption]
11.
Put/Call Option:
[Put Option]
[Call Option]
[Make-Whole Redemption] [will apply unless 
otherwise specified]
[Clean-up Call Option] 
[Residual Maturity Call Option]
[(further particulars specified below)]
12.
(i)
Status of the Notes:
Unsubordinated Notes
(ii)
Dates of corporate authorisations for 
issuance of the Notes:
[Decision of the Conseil d'administration of Air 
France-KLM dated [] and decision of the [CEO 
(Directeur Général)] dated []]8
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
13.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Rate[(s)] of Interest:
[] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/ semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear]
(ii)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[] in each year [adjusted in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention specified below / not 
adjusted]9
(iii)
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]10:
[[] per [] in nominal amount/Not Applicable]
8 
Relevant only for Notes constituting obligations under French law
9 
RMB Notes only
10 
Not applicable for RMB Notes

--- Page 106 ---
- 106 -
WS0101.38073570.1
(iv)
Broken Amount:
[[] payable on the Interest Payment Date falling 
[in/on] [] / Not Applicable]
(v)
Day Count Fraction:
[[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual – ISDA] / [Act/Act] 
/ [Act/Act (ISDA)] / [Actual/365 - FBF] / 
[Actual/Actual – FBF] / [Actual/Actual – ICMA] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360] / 
[360/360 Bond Basis] / [30E/360] / [Eurobond 
Basis]]
(Day count fraction should be Actual-Actual-ICMA 
for all fixed rate issues other than those denominated 
in U.S. Dollars or RMB, unless agreed otherwise)
(vi)
Determination Date(s):
[] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant 
where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
or for RMB Notes)
(vii)
Business Day Convention:
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention]
(viii)
Business Centre:
[] / [Not Applicable]
(ix)
Party responsible for calculating Interest 
Amounts (if not the Calculation Agent)11:
[] / [Not Applicable]
14.
Floating Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph. Also consider whether 
EURIBOR is the appropriate reference rate for Notes 
denominated in Euro)
(i)
Interest Period(s):
[]
(ii)
Specified Interest Payment Dates:
[]
(iii)
Business Day Convention:
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention]
(iv)
Business Centre(s):
[]
(v)
Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined:
[FBF Determination/ISDA Determination/Screen 
Rate Determination]
11 
RMB Notes only.

--- Page 107 ---
- 107 -
WS0101.38073570.1
(vi)
Party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) 
of Interest and Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent):
[]
(vii)
FBF Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

Floating Rate:
[]
[If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of a [first/last] [long/short] 
interest period, insert the relevant interest period(s) 
and the relevant two rates used for such 
determination]

Floating Rate Determination Date 
(Date de Détermination du Taux 
Variable):
[]

FBF Definitions (if different from 
those set out in the Conditions):
[]
(viii)
ISDA Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

Floating Rate Option:
[]
[If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of a [first/last] [long/short] 
interest period, insert the relevant interest period(s) 
and the relevant two rates used for such 
determination]
(If "2021 ISDA Definitions" is selected, ensure this is 
a Floating Rate Option included in the Floating Rate 
Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions))

Designated Maturity:
[]
[A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where 
the relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate]

Reset Date:
[]
[In the case of a EURIBOR-based option, the first day 
of the interest period]
(Sub-paragraphs below only relevant if "2021 ISDA 
Definitions" is selected – otherwise, delete)

ISDA Definitions:
[2006 ISDA Definitions] / [2021 ISDA Definitions] 
(Sub-paragraphs below only relevant if “2021 ISDA 
Definitions” is selected – otherwise, delete)

[Calculation Period:
[]

--- Page 108 ---
- 108 -
WS0101.38073570.1

Fixing Day:
[]

Effective Date:
Interest Commencement Date / []

Termination Date:
As per Condition 6.2.3(b)(2) / []

Delayed Payment:
[Applicable[: specify applicable number of days] (if 
no number is specified, the applicable number of days 
shall be five (5) days) / Not Applicable]

Compounding:
[Applicable / Not Applicable]
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option is 
an overnight rate)

OIS Compounding:
[Applicable / Not Applicable]

Compounding with Lookback:
[Applicable / Not Applicable]
[Lookback: [●]]
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default 
value will be five (5))

Compounding with Observation 
Period Shift:
[Applicable / Not Applicable]
[Observation Period Shift: [●]]
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default 
value will be five (5))

Set in Advance:
[Applicable / Not Applicable]

Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional Business Days:
[]

Compound with Lockout:
[Applicable / Not Applicable]
Lockout Period Business Day: [specify the relevant 
financial centre(s)]
[Lockout: [●]]
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default 
value of the Lockout will be five (5))

2021 ISDA Definitions Linear 
Interpolation:
[Applicable (specify the Shorter Designated Maturity 
and the Longer Designated Maturity, each as defined 
in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) / Not Applicable] ]
(ix)
Screen Rate Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

Reference Rate:
[]

--- Page 109 ---
- 109 -
WS0101.38073570.1

Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)]

Interest Determination Date:
[[] [[T2] Business Days in [specify city] for [specify 
currency]] / [U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(s) (if SOFR)] prior to [the first calendar day in 
each Interest Period/each Interest Payment Date]][, 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the [Floating 
Rate Business Day Convention/ Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention].]]

Relevant Screen Page:
[][In the case of SOFR, delete this paragraph]

Reference Banks:
[specify four][In the case of SOFR, delete this 
paragraph]

[Calculation Method:
[Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR: [SOFR 
Arithmetic 
Mean]/[SOFR 
Compound: 
[SOFR 
Compound with Look-Back]/[SOFR Compound with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift]/[SOFR 
Index 
with 
Observation Shift]]]

[SOFR Look-Back Period:
[[specify] [U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days]/[TARGET Business 
Days]/[As per the 
Conditions]/[Not applicable]]
(Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR (where 
the Calculation Method is SOFR Compound: SOFR 
Compound with Look-Back) and ensure that any 
Early Redemption Amounts include amounts in 
respect of accrued interest.)]

[Observation Shift Days:
[[specify] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days]/[As per the Conditions]/[Not applicable]]
(Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR and the 
Calculation Method is SOFR Compound: SOFR with 
Observation Period Shift or SOFR Index with 
Observation Shift)

[SOFR Cut-Off Date:
[As per Conditions]/[[specify] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]/[Not applicable]]
(Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR. Must 
apply where the Calculation Method is SOFR 
Arithmetic Mean)

[SOFR Replacement Alternatives 
Priority:
[As per Conditions]/[specify order of priority of 
SOFR Replacement Alternatives listed in Condition 
6.2.3(d)(iv).]]
(x)
Margin(s):
(if the Notes are subject to the Step-Up Option) [The 
initial Margin is] [+/–] [] per cent. per annum

--- Page 110 ---
- 110 -
WS0101.38073570.1
(xi)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[[specify a positive interest rate] per cent. per 
annum/0 per cent. as per Condition 6.6.3] 
(xii)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[[] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable]
(xiii)
Day Count Fraction:
[[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual – ISDA] / [Act/Act] 
/ [Act/Act (ISDA)] / [Actual/365 - FBF] / 
[Actual/Actual – FBF] / [Actual/Actual – ICMA] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360] / 
[360/360 Bond Basis] / [30E/360] / [Eurobond 
Basis]]
(xiv)
Rate Multiplier:
[]
15.
Zero Coupon Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Amortisation Yield: 
[] per cent. per annum
(ii)
Day Count Fraction:
[[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual – ISDA] / [Act/Act] 
/ [Act/Act (ISDA)] / [Actual/365 - FBF] / 
[Actual/Actual – FBF] / [Actual/Actual – ICMA] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360] / 
[360/360 Bond Basis] / [30E/360] / [Eurobond 
Basis]]
16.
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes Provisions:
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Change of Interest Basis:
[Issuer Change of Interest Basis/Automatic Change of 
Interest Basis]
(ii)
Switch Date:
[]
(iii)
Rate of Interest applicable to the Interest 
Periods 
preceding 
the 
Switch 
Date 
(excluded):
Determined in accordance with [Condition 6.1, as 
though the Note was a Fixed Rate Note] / [Condition 
6.2, as though the Note was a Floating Rate Note] 
with further variables set out in item [13/14] of these 
Final Terms
(iv)
Rate of Interest applicable to the Interest 
Periods 
following 
the 
Switch 
Date 
(included):
Determined in accordance with [Condition 6.1, as 
though the Note was a Fixed Rate Note] / [Condition 
6.2, as though the Note was a Floating Rate Note] 
with further variables set out in item [13/14] of these 
Final Terms
(v)
Minimum notice period required for notice 
from the Issuer:
[[•] Business Days prior to the Switch Date] / [Where 
Change of Interest Basis is specified as “Automatic 
Change of Interest Basis”: Not Applicable]
17.
Inflation Linked Notes – Provisions relating to CPI or 
HICP Linked Interest
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 111 ---
- 111 -
WS0101.38073570.1
(i)
Index:
[CPI/HICP]
(ii)
Party responsible for calculating the Rate of 
Interest and/or Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent);
[]
(iii)
Interest Period(s):
[]
(iv)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[]
(v)
Base Reference:
[CPI/HICP] 
Daily 
Inflation 
Reference 
Index 
applicable on [specify date] (amounting to: [])
(vi)
Rate of Interest:
[] per cent. per annum multiplied by the Inflation 
Index Ratio
(vii)
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual – ISDA] / [Act/Act] 
/ [Act/Act (ISDA)] / [Actual/365 - FBF] / 
[Actual/Actual – FBF] / [Actual/Actual – ICMA] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360] / 
[360/360 Bond Basis] / [30E/360] / [Eurobond 
Basis]]
(viii)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[]
(ix)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[]
18.
Sustainability-Linked Notes Provisions - Step-Up 
Option
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Sustainability Performance Target(s): 
[●] in respect of [specify the related Target 
Observation Date]
(Repeat as necessary for each Sustainability 
Performance Target)
(ii)
External Verifier:
[●]
(iii)
Target Observation Date[(s)]:
[●][and [●]]
(iv)
Initial Rate of Interest:
[●] 
(v)
Step-Up Margin: 
[●] per cent. [per annum] with respect to the Target 
Observation Date falling on [●]
(Repeat as necessary for each Target Observation 
Date)
(vi)
Interest Step-Up Payment Date[(s)]:
Interest Payment Date[s] falling on [●] [and on [●]] 
[the Maturity Date] [specify the related Target 
Observation Date if more than one are included]
(vii)
Sustainability Reporting Date:
[•]

--- Page 112 ---
- 112 -
WS0101.38073570.1
19.
Sustainability-Linked Notes Provisions – Premium 
Payment Option
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Sustainability Performance Target(s):
[●] in respect of [specify the related Target 
Observation Date]
(Repeat as necessary for each Sustainability 
Performance Target)
(ii)
External Verifier:
[●]
(iii)
Target Observation Date[(s)]:
[●] [and [●]]
(iv)
Premium Payment Amount:
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination with 
respect to the Target Observation Date falling on [●]
(Repeat as necessary for each Target Observation 
Date)
(v)
Sustainability Reporting Date:
[•]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
20.
Call Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[]
(ii)
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note:
[[] per Note of [] Specified Denomination]/[As set 
out in the notice sent to the Noteholders (only 
applicable if “redeemable in part” is specified as 
applicable below)]
(iii)
If redeemable in part:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the items below)

[Minimum nominal amount to be 
redeemed:
[] per Specified Denomination

Maximum nominal amount to be 
redeemed:
[] per Specified Denomination]
(iv)
Option Exercise Date(s):
[]
(v)
Notice period (if other than as set out in the 
Conditions):
[]
21.
Make-Whole Redemption (Condition 7.2.2)
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 113 ---
- 113 -
WS0101.38073570.1
(i)
Notice period:12
[]
(ii)
Parties to be notified (if other than set out in 
Condition 7.2.2):
[[]/Not Applicable]
(iii)
Make-Whole Redemption Margin:
[]
(iv)
Method of determination of the Make-
Whole Redemption Rate:
[Reference Dealer Quotation]/[Reference Screen 
Rate]
(v)
Reference Screen Rate:
[specify]/[Not Applicable]
(vi)
Reference Benchmark Security:
[]
(vii)
If redeemable in part:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the items below)

[Minimum nominal amount to be 
redeemed:
[] per Specified Denomination

Maximum nominal amount to be 
redeemed:
[] per Specified Denomination]
22.
Clean-up Call Option (Condition 7.2.3)
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
23.
Residual Maturity Call Option (Condition 7.2.4)
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)
Residual Maturity Call Option Date:
[]
(ii)
If redeemable in part:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the items below)

[Minimum nominal amount to be 
redeemed:
[] per Specified Denomination

Maximum nominal amount to be 
redeemed:
[] per Specified Denomination]
(iii)
Notice period:
[]
24.
Put Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
12 
If setting notice periods which are different from those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing 
systems, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and 
its Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 114 ---
- 114 -
WS0101.38073570.1
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[]
(ii)
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note:
[] per Note of [] Specified Denomination
(iii)
Option Exercise Date(s):
[]
(iv)
Notice period:
[]
25.
Final Redemption Amount of each Note
[[] per Note of [] Specified Denomination]/[As 
provided below for Inflation Linked Notes]
Inflation Linked Notes – Provisions relating to the 
Final Redemption Amount:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Index:
[CPI/HICP]
(ii)
Final Redemption Amount in respect of 
Inflation Linked Notes:
[Condition 7.4 applies]
(iii)
Base Reference:
[CPI/HICP] 
Daily 
Inflation 
Reference 
Index 
applicable on [specify date] (amounting to: [])
(iv)
Party responsible for calculating the Rate of 
Interest and/or Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent):
[]
26.
Early Redemption Amount
(i)
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each Note 
payable on redemption for taxation reasons, 
illegality or an event of default:
[]/[As provided below for Inflation Linked Notes] 
(ii)
Redemption for taxation reasons permitted 
on calendar days other than Interest Payment 
Dates:
[Yes/No]
(iii)
Unmatured Coupons to become void upon 
early redemption (Bearer Notes only):
[Yes/No/Not Applicable]
Inflation Linked Notes – Provisions relating to the 
Early Redemption Amount:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Index:
[CPI/HICP]
(ii)
Early Redemption Amount in respect of 
Inflation Linked Notes:
[Condition 7.5.2 applies]
(iii)
Base Reference:
[CPI/HICP] 
Daily 
Inflation 
Reference 
Index 
applicable on [specify date] (amounting to: [])
(iv)
Party responsible for calculating the Rate of 
Interest and/or Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent):
[]

--- Page 115 ---
- 115 -
WS0101.38073570.1
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
27.
Form of Notes:
[Dematerialised 
Notes 
/ 
Materialised 
Notes, 
(Materialised Notes are only in bearer form)] 
[Delete as appropriate]
(i)
Form of Dematerialised Notes:
[Not Applicable / Dematerialised Bearer Notes (au 
porteur)/Dematerialised Fully Registered Notes (au 
nominatif pur) / Dematerialised Administered 
Registered Notes (au nominatif administré)]
(ii)
Registration Agent:
[Not Applicable / if Applicable give name, address 
and details] (Note that a Registration Agent must be 
appointed in relation to Dematerialised Registered 
Notes only)]
(iii)
Temporary Global Certificate:
[Not Applicable / Temporary Global Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Bearer 
Notes on [] (the "Exchange Date"), being 40 
calendar days after the Issue Date subject to 
postponement as provided in the Temporary Global 
Certificate]
(iv)
Materialised Note Agent:
[Not Applicable / if Applicable give name, address 
and details] (Note that a Materialised Note Agent 
must be appointed in relation to Materialised Notes)
(v)
Applicable TEFRA exemption:
[C 
Rules/D 
Rules/Not 
Applicable]
(Only applicable to Materialised Notes)
28.
Identification information of Noteholders as provided 
by Condition 2.1:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
29.
Financial Centre(s) relating to payment dates:
[Not Applicable/specify any other financial centres]. 
Note that this item relates to the date and place of 
payment, and not interest period end dates, to which 
items 13(viii) and 14(iv) relate]]
30.
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to Definitive 
Notes (and dates on which such Talons mature):
[Yes/No. If yes, give details]
(Only applicable to the Materialised Notes)
31.
Redenomination provisions:
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition []] 
[annexed to these Final Terms] apply]
32.
Consolidation provisions:
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 
[]][annexed to these Final Terms] apply]

--- Page 116 ---
- 116 -
WS0101.38073570.1
33.
Masse:
[Name and address of the Representative: []
Name and address of the alternate Representative:  
[]]
[The 
Representative 
will 
receive 
no 
remuneration/The Representative will receive a 
remuneration of []]
[LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING APPLICATION
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required to list and have admitted to trading the issue of Notes 
described herein pursuant to the Euro [•],000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of the Issuer.]
RESPONSIBILITY
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms.
Signed on behalf of Air France-KLM:
Duly represented by:

--- Page 117 ---
- 117 -
WS0101.38073570.1
PART B
OTHER INFORMATION
1.
Listing
(i)
Listing and admission to 
trading:
[Application [has been made/is expected to be made] by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be listed and/or 
admitted to trading on [Euronext Paris] / [] with effect from 
[].] [Not Applicable.]
(ii)
[Regulated 
Markets 
or 
equivalent 
markets 
on 
which, to the knowledge of 
the Issuer, securities of the 
same class of the Notes to be 
admitted to trading are 
already admitted to trading:
[The Existing Notes are admitted to trading on []]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
Existing Notes are already admitted to trading.)]13
(iii)
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading:
[] 
2.
Ratings 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes to be issued [have been rated]/[are expected to be rated]:
[S&P: []]
[Moody's: []]
[Fitch: []]
[[Other]: 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.)
[[Each of] [[•] ("S&P")], [[•] ("Moody's")], [[•] ("Fitch")] [and []] is established in the European 
Union and registered under Regulation (EC) 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"). As 
such, [each of] [S&P], [Moody's], [Fitch] [and []] is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation.]
[[Each of] [] [and []] is established in the European Union and has applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) 1060/2009 as amended, although the result of such applications has not been 
determined.]
13 
Delete if the issue is not a fungible issue.

--- Page 118 ---
- 118 -
WS0101.38073570.1
[[None of [] and] [] is [not] established in the European Union [nor has/and has not] applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) 1060/2009 as amended.]
[[insert name of relevant EEA CRA(s)] [is] [are] not established in the United Kingdom and [is] [are] 
not registered under Regulation (EC) 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the UK CRA Regulation). The rating[s] of the notes issued by [insert name of relevant EEA 
CRA(s)] [has][have] been endorsed by [insert name of relevant UK CRA(s)], in accordance with the 
UK CRA Regulation and [has][have] not been withdrawn. As such, the rating[s] issued by [insert name 
of relevant EEA CRA(s)] may be used for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance 
with the UK CRA Regulation.]14
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.)
3.
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the [Issue offer]
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the 
following statement: ["So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an 
interest material to the offer."]/[][Amend as appropriate if there are other interests.]
4.
Third party information and statement by experts and declarations of any interest
Where information has been sourced from a third party, provide a confirmation that this information has 
been accurately reproduced and that as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. In addition, the Issuer shall identify the source(s) of the information.
5.
Use, and estimated net amount of the proceeds
(i)
Use of proceeds:
[General corporate purposes]/[if reasons for offer different from 
the "Use of Proceeds" of the Base Prospectus, will need to include 
those reasons here]
(ii)
Estimated net amount of 
proceeds:
[]
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to split 
out and present in order of priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund 
all proposed uses state amount and sources of other funding.)
6.
[Fixed Rate Notes Only - Yield
Indication of yield:
[] per cent. per annum
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue 
Price. It is not an indication of future yield.
[If [a Step-Up Margin of [•] per cent. [and/or] [the Premium 
Payment Amount] [is/are] applied, the yield in respect of the 
Notes, being calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue 
14 To be included only in the case of an issue for which placement in the UK is contemplated and the rating(s) of 
the Notes issued by the EEA CRA are to be endorsed by a UK CRA.

--- Page 119 ---
- 119 -
WS0101.38073570.1
Price of the Notes, would be [•] per cent. per annum. It is not an 
indication of future yield.] 
7.
[Floating Rate Notes only - Information on Floating Rate Notes
Historic interest rates:
Details of historic [EURIBOR/SOFR/[•]] can be 
obtained from [•].]
8.
[Notes linked to a benchmark only - Benchmark
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to [specify the applicable 
benchmark] which is provided by [•]. As at [•], [•] [appears/does not appear] on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as amended (the "Benchmarks 
Regulation").
[As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation 
apply] such that [legal name of the benchmark administrator] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the EU, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
[As at [●], [●] appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by the Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom.]
9.
Inflation-Linked Notes only—Performance of index, Explanation of effect on value of investment 
and Associated Risks and Other Information
Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the index can be obtained, 
[and a clear and comprehensive explanation to help investors understand how the value of their 
investment is affected by the value of the underlying and the circumstances when the risks are most 
evident]. 
[When completing this paragraph, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation].
(a)
Name of underlying index: []
(b)
Information about the index, its volatility and past and future performance can be obtained, [but 
not] free of charge, from: []/[give details of electronic means of obtaining the details of volatility 
and performance]
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information (specify what information will be reported and 
where it can be obtained)]/[does not intend to provide post-issuance information.]  
10.
Operational Information
ISIN Code:
[]
Common Code:
[]
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI):
969500AQW31GYO8JZD66
Depositaries:
(i)
Euroclear France to act as 
Central Depositary:
[Yes/No]

--- Page 120 ---
- 120 -
WS0101.38073570.1
(ii)
Common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear and Clearstream:
[Yes/No] 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
France, 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s):
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] [and address(es)]
Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s):
[]/[Not Applicable]
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any):
[] (Insert name of Materialised Note Agent here if Notes are 
Materialised Notes)
The aggregate principal amount of 
Notes issued has been translated into 
Euro at the rate of [•] producing a sum 
of:
[•]
11.
Distribution 
(i)
Method of distribution
[Syndicated/Non-Syndicated]
(ii)
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers:
[Not Applicable/give names]
(In case of RMB issues underwritten on a several and not joint 
basis, 
include 
appropriate 
disclosure 
of 
underwriting 
commitments and arrangements.)
(iii)
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) 
(including addresses) (if any):
[Not Applicable/give name]
(iv)
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer:
[Not Applicable/give name]
(v)
Singapore 
Sales 
to 
Institutional Investors and 
Accredited Investors only:
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If there is no offer of the Notes in Singapore, delete this 
paragraph) 
(If the Notes are offered in Singapore to Institutional Investors 
and Accredited Investors (as defined under the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 of Singapore) only, “Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes are also offered in Singapore to investors 
other than Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors (as 
defined under the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore), 
“Not Applicable” should be specified.)
12.
Other Markets
All Regulated markets or equivalent 
markets on which, to the knowledge of 
the issuer, securities of the same class 
of the securities to be offered or 
admitted to trading are already 
admitted to trading:
[[]/None]

--- Page 121 ---
- 121 -
WS0101.38073570.1
GENERAL INFORMATION
1.
AMF approval and admission to trading
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority 
pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Such approval shall not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes 
which are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus is valid until 29 July 2025. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in 
the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when the 
Base Prospectus is no longer valid.
Application may be made to list and admit any Series of Notes issued hereunder to trading on Euronext 
Paris. 
2.
Corporate authorisations
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in the Republic of France 
in connection with the update of the Programme.
Any issue of Notes, to the extent that such Notes constitute obligations, requires the prior authorisation 
of the Conseil d'administration (Board of Directors) of the Issuer, which may delegate its powers to any 
person of its choice pursuant to Article L.228-40 of the French Code de commerce.
For this purpose, on 24 July 2024, the Conseil d'administration of the Issuer authorised its Directeur 
general and/or its Directeur général adjoint Économie et Finances, for a one (1) year period starting on 
24 July 2024, to issue Notes within the limits set by the Conseil d'administration.
To the extent that Notes to be issued by the Issuer do not constitute obligations, their issues will fall 
within the general authority of the Directeur général of the Issuer or any other duly authorised person 
acting by delegation.
3.
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI)
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of Air France-KLM is 969500AQW31GYO8JZD66.
4.
Definitive Bearer Materialised Note
Each definitive Bearer Materialised Note, Coupon and Talon will bear the following legend: "Any United 
States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax 
laws, including the limitations provided in sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code".
5.
Clearing systems
Application may be made for the Notes to be accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and 
Clearstream systems, which are entities in charge of keeping the records. The Common Code, the 
International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the identification number 
for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.
The address of Euroclear is 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Bruxelles, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream is 42 avenue John Fitzgerald Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg.
Dematerialised Notes will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary). 
Dematerialised Notes which are in registered form (au nominatif) are also inscribed either with the Issuer 
or with the registration agent.
The address of Euroclear France is 10-12, place de la Bourse, 75002 Paris, France.

--- Page 122 ---
- 122 -
WS0101.38073570.1
6.
Statutory auditors
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit and KPMG S.A. (all entities regulated by the Haute Autorité de l’Audit 
and duly authorised as Commissaires aux comptes) have audited and rendered audit reports on the 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 
2023. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit and KPMG S.A. have audited and rendered audit reports on the non-
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 
2023. 
The French auditors carry out their duties in accordance with the principles of Compagnie Nationale des 
Commissaires aux Comptes ("CNCC") and are members of the CNCC professional body.
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit and KPMG S.A. have performed a limited review (examen limité) and 
rendered an unqualified limited review report on the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for 
the six (6) months periods ended 30 June 2024.
7.
Category
The Notes to be issued by the Issuer qualify under Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. Materialised Notes will be issued in compliance with US Treas. Reg. § 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "D Rules") unless (i) the relevant Final Terms state that such Materialised Notes are 
issued in compliance with US Treas. Reg. § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "C Rules"), or (ii) such Materialised 
Notes are issued other than in compliance with the D Rules or the C Rules but in circumstances in which 
the Notes will not constitute "registration required obligations" under the United States Tax Equity and 
Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 ("TEFRA"), which circumstances will be referred to in the relevant 
Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable.
The TEFRA rules do not apply to any Dematerialised Notes.
8.
Material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of 
the Issuer and the Group since 31 December 2023.
9.
Legal and arbitration proceedings
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, neither the Issuer nor any member of the Group is or has been 
involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which 
are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during a period covering at least the past twelve 
(12) months which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the financial position 
or profitability of the Issuer and/or the Group.
10.
No significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus there has been no significant change in the financial 
performance or financial position of the Issuer or the Group since 30 June 2024.
11.
Material Contracts
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, to the best of its knowledge, the Issuer has not entered into 
any material contract which could result in any Group member being under an obligation that is material 
to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of Notes issued under the 
Programme.
12.
Conflict of interest
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, to the Issuer’s knowledge and as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, there is no potential conflict of interest between the duties of the members of the

--- Page 123 ---
- 123 -
WS0101.38073570.1
administrative, management and supervisory bodies of the Issuer and their private interests or their other 
duties.
13.
Documents on display
For so long as Notes issued under the Programme are outstanding, the following documents will be 
available on the website of the Issuer (www.airfranceklm.com): 
(a)
its statuts ("by-laws"); and
(b)
all reports, letters and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any expert any 
part of which is extracted or referred to in the Base Prospectus.
In addition, so long as any Notes issued under this Base Prospectus remain listed and/or admitted to 
trading on any Regulated Market, the following documents will be available (i) on the website of the 
AMF (www.amf-france.org) save for the Second Quarter 2024 Results Press Release and the 2024 Half 
Year Financial Report and (ii) on the website of the Issuer (www.airfranceklm.com): 
(a)
the Final Terms for Notes that are listed and/or admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or offered 
to the public in France; 
(b)
this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further Base 
Prospectus and any documents incorporated by reference therein.
14.
Yield
In respect of any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the expected yield on the Notes shall be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield shall be calculated on the Issue Date of the Notes 
based on the Issue Price and the rate of interest applicable to the Notes (including, as the case may be, 
any Step-Up Margin or any Premium Payment Amount). The specified yield shall be calculated as being 
the yield to maturity on the Issue Date of the Notes and shall not be an indication of future yields.
15.
Forward looking statements
This Base Prospectus (including the documents incorporated by reference) contains certain statements 
that are forward-looking including statements with respect to the Issuer's business strategies, expansion 
and growth of operations, trends in its business, competitive advantage, and technological and regulatory 
changes, information on exchange rate risk and generally includes all statements preceded by, followed 
by or that include the words "believe", "expect", "project", "anticipate", "seek", "estimate" or similar 
expressions. The Issuer may also make forward-looking statements in its audited annual financial 
statements, in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, in press releases and 
other written materials and in oral statements made by its officers, directors or employees to third parties. 
Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and 
uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements as a 
result of various factors. Potential investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking 
statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. These forward-looking statements do not constitute 
profit forecasts or estimates under the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended, 
supplementing the Prospectus Regulation.
16.
Stabilisation
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation 
manager(s) (the "Stabilisation Manager(s)") (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to 
supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. 
However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date 
on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if 
begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days after 
the issue date of the relevant Tranche and sixty (60) calendar days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment shall be conducted in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 124 ---
- 124 -
WS0101.38073570.1
17.
Ratings 
The long-term debt of the Issuer is rated BBB- (stable outlook) by Fitch and BB+ (stable outlook) by 
S&P. Each of such credit rating agencies is established in the European Union and is registered under 
the CRA Regulation and is included in the list of registered credit rating agencies published on the 
website of the ESMA (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning credit rating agency 
without notice.
18.
Currencies
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to "U.S. 
dollar" and "$" are to the currency of the United States of America, references to "yen" are to the currency 
of Japan, references to "Sterling" and "£" are to the currency of the United Kingdom, references to 
"Renminbi" or "RMB" are to the currency of the People's Republic of China ("PRC") and references to 
"€" and "Euro" are to the lawful currency of the participating member states of the European Union that 
have adopted or adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community as amended from time to time.
19.
Benchmark
Amounts payable under Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more 
"benchmarks" for the purposes of the Benchmarks Regulation. In this case, a statement will be included 
in the applicable Final Terms as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the "benchmark" is 
included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation.
20.
Potential conflict of interests with the Dealers and/or the Calculation Agent and/or the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent
All or some of the Dealers, the Calculation Agent, the Make-Whole Calculation Agent or their respective 
affiliates have engaged and/or may in the future engage, in investment banking, commercial banking and 
other financial advisory and commercial dealings with the Issuer and its affiliates and in relation to 
securities and financial instruments issued by any entity of the Group in the ordinary course of business. 
They (i) have engaged or may engage in investment banking, trading or hedging activities including 
activities that may include prime brokerage business, financing transactions or entry into derivative 
transactions that may involve securities and financial instruments issued by any entity of the Group, (ii) 
may act as underwriters in connection with offering of debt or equity securities or other financial 
instruments issued by any entity of the Group or (iii) may act as financial advisers to the Issuer or other 
companies of the Group. In the context of these transactions, certain of such Dealers or their respective 
affiliates have or may hold positions, deal or make markets in debt or equity securities or other financial 
instruments (or related derivative securities) issued by entities of the Group including the Notes issued 
under the Programme, for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Where applicable, 
they have or will receive customary fees and commissions for these transactions. Certain of the Dealers 
or their respective affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit 
exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers 
or their respective affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of 
either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers, the Calculation Agent, the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent and their respective affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or 
publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and 
may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments. For the avoidance of doubt, the term "affiliate(s)" also includes parent companies.

--- Page 125 ---
- 125 -
WS0101.38073570.1
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS
The Issuer hereby declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is 
in accordance with the facts and that it contains no omission which could affect its import.
Air France-KLM
7, rue du Cirque
75008 Paris
France
duly represented by Mr. Steven Zaat, Chief Financial Officer (Directeur général adjoint Economie et Finances)
on 29 July 2024
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as amended. The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the 
information it contains is complete, coherent and comprehensible within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as amended. 
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 29 July 2024 and is valid until 29 July 2025 and shall, during this 
period and in accordance with the provisions of Article 23 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as amended, be 
completed by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors or 
inaccuracies. This Base Prospectus obtained the following approval number: n°24-334.

--- Page 126 ---
- 126 -
WS0101.38073570.1
ISSUER
AIR FRANCE-KLM
7, rue du Cirque
75008 Paris
France
ARRANGER
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE
29, boulevard Haussmann
75009 Paris
France
PERMANENT DEALERS
BANCO SANTANDER, S.A.
Ciudad Grupo Santander – 
Edificio Encinar
Avenida de Cantabria
28660, Boadilla del Monte, 
Madrid
Spain
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE 
CORPORATE AND 
INVESTMENT BANK
12, place des Etats-Unis
CS 70052
92547 Montrouge Cedex
France
DEUTSCHE BANK 
AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT
Mainzer Landstrasse, 11-17 
60329 Francfurt am Main
Germany
HSBC CONTINENTAL 
EUROPE
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France
NATIXIS
7, promenade Germaine Sablon
75013 Paris
France
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE
29, boulevard Haussmann
75009 Paris
France
FISCAL AGENT, PAYING AGENT, 
CALCULATION AGENT, 
REDENOMINATION AGENT, PUT AGENT 
AND CONSOLIDATION AGENT
MAKE-WHOLE CALCULATION AGENT
Société Générale
Aether Financial Services
32 rue du Champ de Tir
CS 30812
44308 Nantes Cedex 3
France
36 rue de Monceau
75008 Paris
France 
AUDITORS 
to the Issuer
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit
KPMG S.A.
63 rue de Villiers
Tour Eqho
92208 Neuilly-sur-Seine Cedex
2 avenue Gambetta
France
CS60006
(auditors since 24 May 2022)
92066 Paris La Défense Cedex
France

--- Page 127 ---
- 127 -
WS0101.38073570.1
LEGAL ADVISERS
to the Issuer
to the Permanent Dealers
Gide Loyrette Nouel A.A.R.P.I.
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling LLP
15, rue de Laborde
32, rue François 1er 
75008 Paris
75008 Paris
France
France