--- Page 1 ---
Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus
dated 30 July 2021
              
AIRBUS SE 
(incorporated with limited liability in The Netherlands)
and
AIRBUS FINANCE B.V. 
(incorporated with limited liability in The Netherlands)
Euro 12,000,000,000  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
due from one month to 30 years from the date of original issue
Guaranteed (in the case of Notes issued by Airbus Finance B.V.) by
AIRBUS SE
Under the Euro 12,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme described in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus (the “Programme”), each of Airbus SE (formerly known as 
Airbus Group SE) (“Airbus”) and Airbus Finance B.V. (formerly known as Airbus Group Finance B.V.) (“Airbus Finance”) (each an “Issuer” or a “Relevant Issuer”), subject to compliance 
with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the “Notes”) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealers (as defined herein). Payments of all amounts due in respect of Notes issued by Airbus Finance (the “Guaranteed Notes”) will be guaranteed by Airbus (in such capacity, the 
“Guarantor”). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed €12,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). References herein to “the Issuer” or 
“the Relevant Issuer” shall mean the issuer of the relevant Series (as defined on page 2) of Notes.
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of the Notes, the issue price of the Notes and any final terms not contained herein and which are 
applicable to such Notes will be set out in the Final Terms relating to such Notes (each, “Final Terms”).
This Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus (hereinafter referred to as “Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus”), constitutes two base prospectuses for the purpose of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”): (i) a base prospectus for Notes issued under the Programme by Airbus and (ii) a base prospectus for Notes issued under the Programme 
by Airbus Finance.
Application has been made to the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”) in its capacity as competent authority under the Luxembourg Act dated 16 July 2019, as 
amended, on prospectuses for securities (the “Luxembourg Prospectus Law”), for the approval of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus as a base prospectus for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation. Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (the “Official List”) and to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the “Regulated Market”). References in this Debt Issuance 
Programme Prospectus to the “Luxembourg Stock Exchange” (and all related references) shall mean the Regulated Market. In addition, references in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus 
to Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been, or are intended to be, admitted to the Official List and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or, 
as the case may be, a MiFID Regulated Market (as defined below). The Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council on markets in financial instruments (as amended, “MiFID II”) (each such regulated market being a “MiFID Regulated Market”). This Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus may be 
used to list Notes on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trade notes on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, pursuant to the Programme. The 
Programme provides that Notes may be listed on such other or further stock exchange(s) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). The Issuer may also issue unlisted 
Notes.
This Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus has been approved by the CSSF, as competent authority under the Luxembourg Prospectus Law and the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only 
approves this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should 
not be considered as an endorsement of either of the Issuers or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus and investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.
By approving this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, the CSSF gives no undertakings as to the economic and financial characteristics of the Notes to be issued hereunder or the quality or 
solvency of the Issuers. Furthermore, pursuant to the Luxembourg Prospectus Act, the CSSF is not competent to approve prospectuses for the offering to the public or for the admission to 
trading on regulated markets of money market instruments having a maturity at issue of less than 12 months.
As of the date of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, Airbus' long-term credit rating by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) is A (negative outlook) and by Moody’s 
Deutschland GmbH (“Moody's”) is A2 (negative outlook). Each of S&P and Moody's is established in the European Union (the “EU”) and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended, the “CRA Regulation”). As such, each of S&P and Moody's is included in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation published on the 
website of the European Securities and Markets Authority (www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) as of the date of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus. Tranches 
of Notes (as defined in “General Description of the Programme”) will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating 
assigned to the Notes already issued. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and 
registered under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms.
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.
Each Series of Notes in bearer form will be represented on issue by a temporary global note in bearer form (each a “temporary Global Note” and a “Global Note”) or a permanent global note 
in bearer form (each a “permanent Global Note” and a “Global Note”). Each Series of Notes in registered form will be represented on issue by a registered global certificate (“Global 
Certificate”). If the Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form or the Global Certificate is held under the New Safekeeping Structure 
(the “NSS”), the Global Notes or, as applicable, the Global Certificate will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper (the “Common 
Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”). Global notes which are not issued in NGN form (“Classic Global 
Notes” or “CGNs”) and Global Certificates which are not held under the NSS will be deposited on the issue date with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (the “Common Depositary”).
The price and the amount of the relevant Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the Relevant Dealer based on prevailing market conditions at the time of 
issue of such Notes and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.
In the case of any Notes which are (i) to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation or (ii) offered to the public in the United Kingdom (“UK”) in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the “EUWA”) (the “UK 
Prospectus Regulation”), the minimum denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency). The minimum denomination of Notes issued by Airbus shall be €100,000.
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus. 
This Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus will be valid as a base prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation for 12 months from its date of publication (i.e. until 30 July 2022). The obligation 
to supplement this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply following the expiry of that period.
Arranger for the Programme
Barclays
Dealers
Barclays
BBVA
Commerzbank
Crédit Agricole CIB
Deutsche Bank
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE
HSBC
J.P. Morgan
MUFG
Natixis
Santander Corporate and Investment Banking
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking
NatWest Markets
UniCredit

--- Page 2 ---
11/63089067_3
ii
IMPORTANT NOTICES
This Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus (together with any Supplements hereto, each a 
“Supplement” and together the “Supplements”) comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 
8 of the Prospectus Regulation and for the purpose of giving necessary information with regard to
Airbus and its Subsidiaries (as defined in the terms and conditions of the Notes) taken as a whole (the 
“Group”), Airbus Finance and the Notes which, according to the particular nature and circumstances 
of Airbus and Airbus Finance and the type of Notes, is material to investors to make an informed 
assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects of Airbus
Finance and Airbus, the rights attaching to the Notes, and the reasons for the issuance and its impact 
on Airbus Finance and Airbus.
This Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in
any Member State of the EEA (each, a “Member State”) will be made pursuant to an exemption under 
the Prospectus Regulation, as implemented in that Member State, from the requirement to publish a 
prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer in that 
Member State of Notes which are the subject of an offering contemplated in this Debt Issuance 
Programme Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation to the offer of those Notes may only 
do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for Airbus, Airbus Finance or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. Neither Airbus, Airbus Finance nor 
any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in circumstances in 
which an obligation arises for Airbus, Airbus Finance or any Dealer to publish or supplement a 
prospectus for such offer. 
This Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in the 
UK will be made pursuant to an exemption under the UK Prospectus Regulation from the requirement 
to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an 
offer of Notes which are the subject of an offering contemplated in this Debt Issuance Programme 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation to the offer of those Notes may only do so in 
circumstances in which no obligation arises for Airbus, Airbus Finance or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to the UK Prospectus Regulation in relation to such offer. Neither Airbus, Airbus 
Finance nor any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in 
circumstances in which an obligation arises for Airbus, Airbus Finance or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus for such offer. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus in connection with the Programme and the 
issue or sale of the Notes thereunder and, if given or made, such information or representation must not 
be relied upon as having been authorised by Airbus, Airbus Finance, the Trustee (as defined herein) or 
any of the Dealers or the Arranger (as defined in “General Description of the Programme”). Neither the 
delivery of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus nor any offering, sale or delivery of Notes made 
in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no 
change in the affairs of Airbus, Airbus Finance, or the Group since the date hereof or the date upon 
which this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or 
that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of Airbus, Airbus Finance, or the Group 
since the date hereof or the date upon which this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus has been most 
recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the 
date indicated in the document containing the same.

--- Page 3 ---
iii
The distribution of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering or 
sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this 
Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus comes are required by Airbus, Airbus Finance, the Dealers and 
the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. Neither the Notes nor the 
Guarantee (as defined below) has been or will be registered under the United States Securities Act of 
1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) or with any securities regulatory authority of any State or 
other jurisdiction of the United States and the Programme includes Notes in bearer form that are 
subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or, in 
the case of bearer notes, delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act in the case of Notes in registered form and 
in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”) in the case of Notes in bearer 
form. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this 
Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale”.
This Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on 
behalf of Airbus, Airbus Finance or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes.
The Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents incorporated 
by reference - see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”. This Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus 
shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated by reference into, and 
form part of, this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus. Each potential purchaser of Notes should 
inform themselves of the contents of the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus and the documents 
incorporated by reference therein when deciding to purchase Notes.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers and the Arranger accepts any responsibility 
for the contents of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus or for any other statement, made or 
purported to be made by the Arranger or a Dealer or on its behalf in connection with Airbus, Airbus 
Finance or the issue and offering of the Notes. The Arranger and each Dealer accordingly disclaims all 
and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to above) which it 
might otherwise have in respect of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus or any such statement. 
The Arranger and the Dealers have not independently verified the information contained in this Debt 
Issuance Programme Prospectus. None of the Dealers and the Arranger makes any representation, 
express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of 
the information in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus. Neither this Debt Issuance Programme 
Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other 
evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of Airbus, Airbus Finance, the 
Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus or any other 
financial statements should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for 
itself the relevance of the information contained in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus and its 
purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers 
or the Arranger undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of Airbus, Airbus Finance or the 
Group during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus 
nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention 
of any of the Dealers or the Arranger.
NOTES MAY NOT BE A SUITABLE INVESTMENT FOR ALL INVESTORS. Each potential investor 
in any Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In 
particular, each potential investor should:

--- Page 4 ---
iv
(i)
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, 
the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus or any applicable supplement;
(ii)
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment will 
have on its overall investment portfolio;
(iii) have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
relevant Notes, including where principal or interest is payable in one or more currencies, or where the 
currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency;
(iv) understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and
(v)
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks.
Some Notes are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased as a way to 
reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall 
portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments 
unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes 
will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such Notes and the impact 
this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio.
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of Directive 2016/97/EU (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may 
be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a 
legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive 2016/97/EU, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by the 
PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in

--- Page 5 ---
v
the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a 
legend entitled “MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.
A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Notes about whether, for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product 
Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor any Dealer nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules.
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a 
legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Notes about whether, for the purpose of the 
UK MiFIR  Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in 
respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.
SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION - In connection with Section 309B of the Securities 
and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise 
specified before an offer of Notes, each Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons 
(as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as 
defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice 
SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products).
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(“EURIBOR”) or the London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) which are administered by the 
European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”) and the ICE Benchmark Administration Limited 
(“IBA”) respectively. As at the date of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, EMMI appears on
the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended, the 
“Benchmarks Regulation” or “BMR”). As at the date of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, 
IBA does not appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by 
ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the BMR. As far as each Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of the BMR apply, such that IBA is not currently required to obtain recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence.

--- Page 6 ---
vi
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilisation
Manager(s) will act as a stabilisation agent (the “Stabilisation Manager(s)”). The identity of the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. References in the next paragraph 
to “the issue of any Tranche” are to each Tranche in relation to which a Stabilisation Manager is 
appointed.
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, (as defined in “General Description of the Programme –
Method of Issue”) the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation
Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to 
supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. 
However, there is no assurance that the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any
Stabilisation Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or 
after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is 
made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after 
the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation
Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules.
In this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise 
requires, references to “€”, “EUR” or “euro” are to the single currency introduced at the start of the 
third stage of the European Economic and Monetary Union, pursuant to the Treaty Establishing the 
European Community as amended. References to “£”, “sterling” and “GBP” are to the lawful currency 
of the UK. References to “U.S. Dollars”, “USD” and “U.S.$” are to the lawful currency of the United 
States of America and references to “yen” are to the lawful currency of Japan.
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus includes statements that are, or may be deemed to be, 
“forward-looking statements”. These forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of 
forward-looking terminology, including the terms “target”, “believes”, “estimates”, “plans”, 
“projects”, “anticipates”, “expects”, “intends”, “may”, “will” or “should” or, in each case, their 
negative or other variations or comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategy, plans, objectives, 
goals, future events or intentions. These forward-looking statements include all matters that are not 
historical facts. These forward-looking statements appear in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus 
and include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the Issuers’ or the Group’s intentions, beliefs 
or current expectations concerning, among other things, market expectations and the introduction of 
new products and services by the Group and the Group’s business, results of operations, financial 
position, liquidity, prospects, growth, strategies, production plans and delivery schedules.
By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to future 
events and circumstances. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and 
the actual results of the Group’s operations, financial position and liquidity, and the development of the 
markets in which the Group operate, may differ materially from those described in, or suggested by, 
the forward-looking statements contained in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus. In addition, 
even if the Group’s results of operations, financial position and liquidity, and the development of the 
markets and the industries in which the Group operates, are consistent with the forward-looking 
statements contained in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, those results or developments may 
not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. A number of risks, uncertainties and

--- Page 7 ---
vii
other factors could cause results and developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied 
by the forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements may and often do differ materially from actual results. Any forward-
looking statements in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus reflect the Issuers’ and the Group’s 
current view with respect to future events and are subject to risks relating to future events and other 
risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to the Group’s business, results of operations, financial 
position, liquidity, prospects, growth and strategies. Investors should specifically consider the factors 
identified in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, which could cause actual results to differ, 
before making an investment decision. Subject to all relevant laws, regulations or listing rules, the 
Issuers undertake no obligation publicly to release the result of any revisions to any forward-looking 
statements in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus that may occur due to any change in the 
Issuers’ expectations or to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Debt Issuance 
Programme Prospectus.

--- Page 8 ---
viii
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME..............................................................................1
RISK FACTORS.........................................................................................................................................7
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE............................................................................16
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES......................................................................................28
USE OF PROCEEDS ...............................................................................................................................67
DESCRIPTION OF AIRBUS AND AIRBUS FINANCE........................................................................68
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS..................................................................................................................69
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS ..................................................................................................................70
TAXATION ..............................................................................................................................................75
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE..................................................................................................................79
FORM OF FINAL TERMS......................................................................................................................86
GENERAL INFORMATION ...................................................................................................................98

--- Page 9 ---
1
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME
The following description of the Programme does not purport to be complete and is qualified by the 
remainder of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any 
particular Tranche of Notes, the Terms and Conditions set out herein (the “Conditions”) and the applicable 
Final Terms. Words and expressions defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have the same 
meanings in this section. The following description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the 
purposes of Article 25 (1) of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980.
Description of the Issuers:
Airbus SE (“Airbus”) or Airbus Finance B.V.  (“Airbus 
Finance”)
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI):
Website:
Guarantor:
Airbus SE: MINO79WLOO247M1IL051
AIRBUS FINANCE B.V.: 529900M7QSB704RUUT95
Airbus: https://www.airbus.com/
Airbus Finance: https://www.airbus.com/
Airbus in the case of Notes issued by Airbus Finance 
Description:
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
Size:
Up to €12,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at 
the date of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
outstanding at any one time. The Issuers may increase the size 
of the Programme in accordance with the Dealer Agreement.
Arranger:
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
Dealers under the Programme:
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE
HSBC Continental Europe
J.P. Morgan AG
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V.
Natixis
NatWest Markets N.V.
Société Générale
UniCredit Bank AG
The Issuers may from time to time terminate the appointment 
of any dealer under the Programme or appoint additional 
dealers either in respect of one or more Tranches or in respect 
of the whole Programme. References in this Debt Issuance 
Programme Prospectus to “Permanent Dealers” are to the 
persons listed above as Dealers and to such additional persons 
that are appointed as dealers in respect of the whole Programme 
(and whose appointment has not been terminated) and to 
“Dealers” are to all Permanent Dealers and all persons

--- Page 10 ---
2
appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more Tranches.
Trustee:
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited
Issuing and Paying Agent:
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch
Luxembourg Listing Agent:
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch
Method of Issue:
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) 
having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical 
(or on terms identical other than in respect of the first payment 
of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended to be 
interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series 
may be issued in tranches (each a “Tranche”) on the same or 
different issue dates. 
Issue Price:
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount. The Issue Price will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms for each Series.
Form of Notes:
The Notes may be issued in bearer form only (“Bearer Notes”), 
in 
bearer 
form 
exchangeable 
for 
Registered 
Notes 
(“Exchangeable Bearer Notes”) or in registered form only 
(“Registered Notes”). Each Tranche of Bearer Notes and 
Exchangeable Bearer Notes will be represented on issue by a 
temporary Global Note if (i) definitive Notes are to be made 
available to Noteholders following the expiry of 40 days after 
their issue date or (ii) such Notes have an initial maturity of 
more than one year and are being issued in compliance with 
TEFRA D
(as defined in “General Description of the 
Programme – U.S. TEFRA Compliance”), otherwise such 
Tranche will be represented by a permanent Global Note. 
Registered Notes will be represented by Certificates, one 
Certificate being issued in respect of each Noteholder’s entire 
holding of Registered Notes of one Series. Certificates 
representing Registered Notes that are registered in the name of 
a nominee for one or more clearing systems are referred to as 
“Global Certificates”.
Clearing Systems:
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and, in relation to any 
Tranche, such other clearing system as may be agreed between 
the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee and the 
relevant Dealer(s).
Initial Delivery of Notes:
On or before the issue date for each Tranche, if the Global Note 
is a NGN or the Global Certificate is held under NSS, the 
Global Note or Global Certificate, as applicable, will be 
delivered to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. On or before the issue date for each 
Tranche, if the Global Note is a CGN or the Global Certificate 
is not held under NSS, the Global Note representing Bearer 
Notes or Exchangeable Bearer Notes or the Global Certificate 
representing Registered Notes may (or, in the case of Notes

--- Page 11 ---
3
listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, shall) be deposited 
with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Global Notes or Global Certificates relating to 
Notes that are not listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
may also be deposited with any other clearing system or may be 
delivered outside any clearing system provided that the method 
of such delivery has been agreed in advance by the Issuer, the 
Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee and the relevant Dealer. 
Registered Notes that are to be credited to one or more clearing 
systems on issue will be registered in the name of nominees or 
a common nominee for such clearing systems.
Currencies:
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in any currency agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealers.
Maturities:
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, any maturity between one month and 30 years.
Denomination:
Definitive Notes will be issued in such denominations as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms, save that (i) Notes 
which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market 
within the European Economic Area or offered to the public in
a Member State in circumstances which require the publication 
of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation or offer to the 
public in the UK in circumstances which require the publication 
of a prospectus under the UK Prospectus Regulation will be 
issued with a minimum denomination of €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies); and (ii) unless otherwise 
permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes 
(including Notes denominated in sterling) which have a 
maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue and in 
respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the 
Issuer in the UK or whose issue otherwise constitutes a 
contravention of section 19 of the FSMA will have a minimum 
denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies). Subject to compliance with the foregoing, Notes 
issued by Airbus will have a minimum denomination of 
€100,000.
Fixed Rate Notes:
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in 
each year specified in the relevant Final Terms.
Floating Rate Notes:
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for 
each Series as follows:
(i)
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or
(ii)
by reference to LIBOR or EURIBOR as adjusted for

--- Page 12 ---
4
any applicable margin.
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.
Zero Coupon Notes:
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or 
at a discount to it and will not bear interest.
Interest Periods and Interest Rates:
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the 
applicable interest rate or its method of calculation may differ 
from time to time or be constant for any Series. Notes may have 
a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. The 
use of interest accrual periods permits the Notes to bear interest 
at different rates in the same interest period. 
Redemption:
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, 
Notes will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount.
Unless permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes 
(including Notes denominated in sterling) having a maturity of 
less than one year from the date of their issue and in respect of 
which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the 
UK or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of 
section 19 of the FSMA must have a minimum redemption 
amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).
Optional Redemption:
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will 
state whether or not such Notes may be redeemed prior to their 
stated maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in 
part) and/or the holders.
Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer:
If a “Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer” is specified as being 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Series 
of Notes, then the Relevant Issuer will have the option to 
redeem all but not some only of that Series of Notes at any time
at their Early Redemption Amount, provided that redemptions 
(except for a Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer) or 
repurchases and cancellations of such Series shall have been 
previously effected in respect of at least the Minimum 
Percentage (as defined in the relevant Final Terms) of such 
Series of Notes.
Make-Whole Redemption by the 
Issuer:
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, in 
respect of any issue of Notes, the Issuer will have the option to 
redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time 
to time, prior to their Maturity Date at the Optional Redemption 
Amount.
Residual Maturity Call Option:
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, in respect of any issue of Notes, the Relevant 
Issuer will have the option to redeem the Notes, in whole or in 
part, within a certain period (specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) prior to their Maturity Date at par.
Redemption by Instalments:
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes that 
are redeemable in two or more instalments will set out the dates

--- Page 13 ---
5
on which, and the amounts in which, such Notes may be 
redeemed.
Early Redemption:
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption”, “Make-Whole 
Redemption by the Issuer” and “Residual Maturity Call 
Option” above, Notes will be redeemable at the option of the 
Issuer prior to maturity only for tax reasons or, if applicable, in 
instalments. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes -
Redemption, Purchase and Options”.
Status of Notes and Guarantee:
The Notes will constitute unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Relevant Issuer and, in the case of 
Guaranteed Notes, the guarantee in respect of them will 
constitute an unsubordinated and unsecured obligation of the 
Guarantor all as described in “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes - Guarantee and Status”.
Negative Pledge:
See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Negative Pledge”.
Cross Acceleration:
See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Events of Default -
Cross Acceleration”.
Substitution:
The Issuer may substitute another entity for itself as principal 
debtor under the Notes as described in “Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes - Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver 
and Substitution - Substitution”.
Withholding Tax:
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes 
will be made free and clear of withholding taxes of the 
jurisdiction of the country of incorporation of the Relevant 
Issuer and, in the case of Guaranteed Notes, of the Guarantor, 
as the case may be, subject to customary exceptions, all as 
described in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Taxation”.
Governing Law:
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with them will be governed by and construed in 
accordance with English law.
Listing and admission to trading:
Notes issued under the Programme may be listed on the Official 
List and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s regulated market, or as otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. As specified in the relevant Final Terms, a 
Series of Notes may be unlisted.
Selling Restrictions:
There are restrictions on the offer, sale or transfer of the Notes 
in the United States, the EEA, the UK, The Netherlands, 
France, Japan and such other restrictions as may be required in 
connection with a particular Tranche of Notes. See 
“Subscription and Sale”.
Airbus and Airbus Finance are Category 2 for the purposes of 
Regulation S under the Securities Act, unless otherwise 
provided in the relevant Final Terms.
U.S. TEFRA Compliance
Notes in bearer form will be issued:
(i)
in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C)

--- Page 14 ---
6
(or any successor rules in substantially the same form that 
are applicable for purposes of section 4701 of the Code)
(“TEFRA C”);
(ii)
in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)
(or any successor rules in substantially the same form that 
are applicable for purposes of section 4701 of the Code)
(“TEFRA D”); or
(iii) other than in compliance with TEFRA D or TEFRA C but 
in circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute 
“registration required obligations” under the United States 
Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 
(“TEFRA”), which circumstances will be referred to in 
the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA 
is not applicable.

--- Page 15 ---
11/63089067_3
7
RISK FACTORS
Risk Factors relating to Airbus
Airbus is subject to many risks and uncertainties that may affect its financial performance. The business, 
results of operation or financial condition of Airbus could be materially adversely affected by the following 
risks described on pages 8 to 25 in the 2020 Registration Document (as defined herein) which are
incorporated by reference in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus:
1.
Financial market risks
a.
Global economic conditions:
i.
The Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition are materially 
affected by global economic conditions; and
ii.
The Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially 
affected by Brexit
b.
Foreign currency exposure
c.
Sales financing arrangements
d.
Liquidity
e.
Counterparty credit
f.
Pension commitments
2.
Business related risks
a.
COVID-19 risks 
b.
Commercial aircraft and helicopter market factors
c.
Cyber security risks
d.
Physical security, terrorism, pandemics and other catastrophic events
e.
Dependence on key suppliers and subcontractors
f.
Industrial system adaptation
g.
Technologically advanced products and services
h.
Dependence on public spending and on certain markets
i.
Availability of government and other sources of financing
j.
Competition and market access
k.
Major research and development programmes
l.
Acquisitions, divestments, joint ventures and strategic alliances
m.
Public-private partnerships and private finance initiatives
n.
Programme-specific risks

--- Page 16 ---
8
3.
Legal risks
a.
Legal and regulatory proceedings
b.
Anti-corruption laws and regulations
c.
Export controls laws and regulations
d.
Dependence on joint ventures and minority holdings
e.
Product liability and warranty claims
f.
Intellectual property
4.
Environment, human rights, health and safety risks
a.
Climate-related risks
i.
Transition risks
ii.
Physical risks
b.
Regulatory risks
Risk Factors relating to Airbus Finance
Airbus Finance's principal activity is to act as a finance company for the Group. Airbus Finance raises funds 
by issuing notes on the international capital markets which benefit from a guarantee provided by Airbus and 
on lends such funds to Airbus and has therefore no income from operating activities. 
As a result, Airbus Finance’s ability to meet its debt service obligations, including its obligations under the 
Notes, depends upon payments it receives from Airbus in respect of its borrowings from Airbus Finance. 
Airbus Finance cannot assure that the payments from, or other available assets of, this entity will be sufficient 
to enable Airbus Finance to pay principal or interest on the Notes when due.
If Airbus Finance is not able to obtain sufficient funds from Airbus, it will not be able to make payments 
under the Notes.
Risk factors relating to the Notes
1
Risks related to the structure of certain types of Notes which may be issued under the 
Programme
Any early redemption at the option of the Relevant Issuer, if provided for in any Final Terms for a 
particular issue of Notes, could cause the yield received by Noteholders to be considerably less than 
anticipated.
The Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of the Issuer 
including a Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer as described in Condition 6(e), a Make-Whole Redemption by 
the Issuer as described in Condition 6(f) or a Residual Maturity Call Option as described in Condition 6(g). 
As a consequence, the yields received upon redemption may be lower than expected, and the redemption price 
of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder. In such a case, part of 
the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the Noteholder would not receive the total amount 
of the capital invested. 
In addition, investors that choose to reinvest monies they receive through an early redemption may be able to 
do so only in securities with a lower yield than the redeemed Notes.

--- Page 17 ---
9
The existence of these early redemption options in a particular Series of Notes could limit the market value of 
such Notes. 
In particular, with respect to the Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer (Condition 6(e)), there is no obligation on 
the Issuer to inform investors if and when the Minimum Percentage (as defined in the relevant Final Terms) of 
a particular Series of Notes has been reached or is about to be reached, and the Relevant Issuer’s right to 
redeem will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise 
of the Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer the Notes may have been trading significantly above the redemption 
price, thus potentially  resulting in a loss of capital invested.
The regulation and reform of benchmarks may adversely affect the value of Notes referencing such 
benchmarks
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” such as the LIBOR and EURIBOR are the 
subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these 
reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such 
benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which 
cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing 
such a benchmark.
The Benchmarks Regulation was published in the Official Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 and has applied 
since 1 January 2018. The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of 
input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. It will, among other things, (i) require 
benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, to be subject to an equivalent 
regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevent certain uses by EU supervised entities of 
benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes referencing a benchmark, in 
particular, if the methodology or other terms of the relevant benchmark are changed in order to comply with 
the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of 
reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant 
benchmark.
On 27 July 2017, the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”) announced that it will no longer persuade 
or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of the LIBOR benchmark after 2021. Subsequent 
announcements by the FCA have emphasised that market participants should not rely on the continued 
publication of LIBOR after the end of 2021. 
In particular, on 5 March 2021, the FCA announced that: 
the publication of 24 LIBOR settings (as detailed in the FCA announcement) will cease immediately 
after 31 December 2021; 
the publication of the overnight and 12-month U.S. dollar LIBOR settings will cease immediately after 
30 June 2023; 
immediately after 31 December 2021, the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month sterling LIBOR settings will 
no longer be representative of the underlying market and economic reality that they are intended to 
measure and representativeness will not be restored (and the FCA will consult on requiring the ICE to 
continue to publish these settings on a synthetic basis, which will no longer be representative of the 
underlying market and economic reality they are intended to measure, for a further period after end 
2021);

--- Page 18 ---
10
immediately after 31 December 2021, the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month Japanese yen LIBOR 
settings will no longer be representative of the underlying market and economic reality that they are 
intended to measure and representativeness will not be restored (and the FCA will consult on requiring 
the IBA to continue to publish these settings on a synthetic basis, which will no longer be 
representative of the underlying market and economic reality they are intended to measure, for a 
further period until end 2022 after which time publication of these settings will cease permanently); 
and 
immediately after 30 June 2023, the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month U.S. dollar LIBOR settings will 
no longer be representative of the underlying market and economic reality that they are intended to 
measure and representativeness will not be restored (and the FCA will consider the case for using its 
proposed powers to require IBA to continue publishing these settings on a synthetic basis, which will 
no longer be representative of the underlying market and economic reality they are intended to 
measure, for a further period after end June 2023). 
Separately, the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles 
and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash 
products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that 
continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the 
risk to the euro area financial system.
The potential elimination of LIBOR, EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of 
administration of any benchmark may have the effect, amongst other things, of: (i) discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the benchmark or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the 
above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other 
initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes 
referencing a benchmark.
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published 
benchmark, including an inter-bank offered rate such as LIBOR, EURIBOR or other relevant reference rates, 
(including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor service)) becomes 
unavailable or a Benchmark Event otherwise occurs, including the possibility that the rate of interest or other 
amounts payable under the Notes could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative reference rate 
and that such successor rate or alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in order to reduce or 
eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit 
(as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark. In certain circumstances, 
the fallback for the purposes of calculation of interest or other amounts payable under the Notes may be based 
upon a determination to be made by the Calculation Agent or by an Independent Adviser appointed by the 
Issuer. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative 
reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not 
operate as intended at the relevant time and in the event of a permanent discontinuation of LIBOR or any 
other benchmark, the Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser 
may be unable to determine a successor rate or alternative rate. In these circumstances, where LIBOR or any 
other benchmark has been discontinued, the Rate of Interest will revert to the Rate of Interest applicable as at 
the immediately preceding Interest Determination Date.
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation reforms in making any investment decision with respect to any 
Notes referencing a benchmark.

--- Page 19 ---
11
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes
The Issuers may issue Fixed/Floating Rate Notes under the Programme which may bear interest at a rate that 
the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The 
Issuer's ability to convert the interest rate will affect the secondary market and the market value of such Notes 
since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of 
borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the 
same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. 
If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates 
on its Notes.
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls
The Issuer may issue Notes in any currency.  The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the 
Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial 
activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor's Currency”) other than 
the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including 
changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk 
that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the 
Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the 
principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Notes.
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal 
than expected, or no interest or principal.
Investors will not be able to calculate in advance their rate of return on Floating Rate Notes; negative 
Rates of Interest
The Issuer may issue Floating Rate Notes.  A key difference between Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate 
Notes is that interest income on Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, 
investors are not able to determine a definite yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so 
that their return on investment cannot be compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest 
periods. If the Conditions of the Notes provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to 
the reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest income paid 
to them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing.
Furthermore, should the Reference Rate in respect of a Floating Rate Note be at any time negative, it could, 
notwithstanding the addition of the Margin, result in the actual Rate of Interest being lower than zero, though 
in such case, no amount shall be due by the Noteholders to the Relevant Issuer.
Zero Coupon Notes are subject to higher price fluctuations than non-discounted Notes
The Issuer may issue Zero Coupon Notes.  Changes in market interest rates have a substantially stronger 
impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes than on the prices of ordinary Notes because the discounted issue 
prices are substantially below par. If market interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher price 
losses than other Notes having the same maturity and credit rating. Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon 
Notes are a type of investment associated with a particularly high price risk.
Interest rate risks relevant to Fixed Rate Instruments
The Issuer may issue notes which pay a fixed Rate of Interest.  Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the 
risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the value of Fixed Rate Notes.

--- Page 20 ---
12
2
Risks related to all Notes issued under the Programme
Modification, waivers and substitution
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider 
matters affecting their interests generally and to obtain Written Resolutions on matters relating to the Notes 
from Noteholders without calling a meeting. A Written Resolution signed by or on behalf of the holders of not 
less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series who for the time being are entitled 
to receive notice of a meeting in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed and whose Notes are 
outstanding shall, for all purposes, take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed). 
In certain circumstances, where the Notes are held in global form in the clearing systems, the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the Trustee (as the case may be) will be entitled to rely upon:
where the terms of the proposed resolution have been notified through the relevant clearing system(s), 
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Trustee (as the case may be) 
given by way of electronic consents communicated through the electronic communications systems of 
the relevant clearing systems in accordance with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf 
of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series for the 
time being outstanding; and
where electronic consent is not being sought, consent or instructions given in writing directly to the 
Issuer, the Guarantor and/or the Trustee (as the case may be) by accountholders in the clearing systems 
with entitlements to such global note or certificate or, where the accountholders hold such entitlement 
on behalf of another person, on written consent from or written instruction by the person for whom 
such entitlement is ultimately beneficially held (directly or via one or more intermediaries), provided 
that the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Trustee have obtained commercially reasonable evidence to 
ascertain the validity of such holding and taken reasonable steps to ensure such holding does not alter 
following the giving of such consent/instruction and prior to effecting such resolution;
A Written Resolution or an electronic consent as described above may be effected in connection with any 
matter affecting the interests of Noteholders, including the modification of the Conditions, that would 
otherwise be required to be passed at a meeting of Noteholders satisfying the special quorum in accordance 
with the provisions of the Trust Deed, and shall for all purposes take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution 
passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held. These provisions permit defined majorities to 
bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and 
Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority.
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the Trust Deed provide that the Trustee may, without the consent 
of Noteholders, (A) agree to (i) any modification of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed that is of a 
formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error, (ii) any other modification (except as 
mentioned in the Trust Deed), and (B) waive or authorise any breach or proposed breach of any of the 
provisions of Notes and determine that any Event of Default or potential Event of Default shall not be treated 
as such, in the case of (A) and (B), if in the opinion of the Trustee the interests of the Noteholders will not be 
materially prejudiced thereby. The Trustee may, without the consent of Noteholders agree to the substitution 
of another company as principal debtor under any Notes in place of the Issuer, in the circumstances described 
in Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and Clause 15.2 of the Trust Deed.
Change of Law
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Debt Issuance 
Programme Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or

--- Page 21 ---
13
change in English law or the official application or interpretation of English law after the date of this Debt 
Issuance Programme Prospectus.
Integral multiples of less than €100,000
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified 
Denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent) plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is 
possible that the Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of €100,000 (or its equivalent) that are not integral 
multiples of €100,000 (or its equivalent). In such a case a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such 
amounts, holds a principal amount of less than the minimum Specified Denomination will not receive a 
definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a 
principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one or more Specified Denominations.
The trading market for the Notes may be volatile and may be adversely impacted by many events
The market for the Notes is influenced by economic and market conditions and, to varying degrees, market 
conditions, interest rates, currency exchange rates and inflation rates in other European and other 
industrialised countries. There can be no assurance that events in France, Germany, Spain, the rest of Europe 
or elsewhere will not cause market volatility or that such volatility will not adversely affect the price of Notes 
or that economic and market conditions will not have any other adverse effect.
An active trading market for the Notes may not develop
There can be no assurance that an active trading market for the Notes will develop, or, if one does develop, 
that it will be maintained. If an active trading market for the Notes does not develop or is not maintained, the 
market or trading price and liquidity of the Notes may be adversely affected. The Issuer and any of its 
subsidiaries are entitled to buy the Notes and the Issuer may issue further Notes, as described in Condition 15. 
Such transactions may favourably or adversely affect the price development of the Notes. If additional and 
competing products are introduced in the markets, this may adversely affect the value of the Notes.
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks
Airbus is rated by S&P and Moody’s and one or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit 
ratings to the Notes. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, 
additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is 
not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at 
any time.
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.
3
Risks related to Taxation
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax (“FTT”)
The European Commission has published a proposal for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, 
Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia. In December 2015 Estonia 
withdrew from the group of states willing to introduce the FTT (the “Participating Member States”).

--- Page 22 ---
14
The proposed FTT has very broad scope and could, if introduced in its current form, apply to certain dealings 
in the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and 
subscription of the Notes should, however, be exempt.
Under current proposals the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside of 
the Participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at least one 
party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a Participating Member State. A financial 
institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a Participating Member State in a broad range of 
circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a Participating Member State or (b) 
where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a Participating Member State.
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the Participating Member States and the 
scope of any such tax is uncertain. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. The Council of 
the European Union on Economic and Financial Affairs indicated on 6 December 2016 that the ten 
Participating Member States (excluding Estonia) agreed on certain important measures that will form the core 
engines of the FTT and that work and discussions are still ongoing.
If the proposed Directive or any similar tax were adopted, transactions in the Notes would be subject to higher 
costs, and the liquidity of the market for the Notes may be diminished. Prospective holders of the Notes are 
advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 23 ---
15
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENTS
Airbus 
Airbus accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any information contained in the Final Terms relating to an issue of 
Notes where Airbus is acting as Issuer of such Notes). To the best of the knowledge of Airbus, the information 
contained in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit 
anything likely to affect the import of such information. The registered office of Airbus is located at 
Mendelweg 30, 2333 CS Leiden, The Netherlands.
Airbus Finance
Airbus Finance accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Debt Issuance Programme 
Prospectus (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any information contained in the Final Terms relating to an 
issue of Notes where Airbus Finance is acting as Issuer of such Notes). To the best of the knowledge of Airbus 
Finance, the information contained in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus in relation to it is in 
accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. The 
registered office of Airbus Finance is located at Mendelweg 30, 2333 CS Leiden, The Netherlands.

--- Page 24 ---
16
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
This Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus should be read and construed on the basis that such documents are 
incorporated by reference into, and form part of, this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus:
the universal registration document of Airbus dated 26 March 2021 (the “2020 Registration 
Document”) 
https://www.airbus.com/content/dam/events/annual-general-meeting/Registration-
Document-2020.pdf; 
the audited consolidated financial statements of Airbus for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 
and the independent auditors’ report thereon (the “2020 Airbus Audited Consolidated Annual 
Financial Statements”) https://www.airbus.com/content/dam/corporate-topics/financial-and-company-
information/AIRBUS_FINANCIAL_STATEMENTS_2020.pdf;
the audited consolidated financial statements of Airbus for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 
and the independent auditors’ report thereon (the “2019 Airbus Audited Consolidated Annual 
Financial Statements”) https://www.airbus.com/content/dam/corporate-topics/financial-and-company-
information/AIRBUS_FINANCIAL_STATEMENTS_2019.pdf;
the audited financial statements of Airbus Finance for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 and 
the independent auditors’ report thereon (the “2020 Airbus Finance Audited Annual Financial 
Statements”) 
https://www.airbus.com/content/dam/corporate-topics/financial-and-company-
information/Annual%20Financial%20Report%202020%20incl%20audit%20opinion%20for%20AFM%
20filing.pdf; 
the audited financial statements of Airbus Finance for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 and 
the independent auditors’ report thereon (the “2019 Airbus Finance Audited Annual Financial 
Statements”) 
https://www.airbus.com/content/dam/corporate-topics/financial-and-company-
information/Airbus-Finance-BV-Financial-Statements-2019.pdf;
the first half-year 2021 financial report of Airbus, including the unaudited condensed interim IFRS 
consolidated financial information of Airbus for the six-month period ended 30 June 2021 and the 
review report thereon (the “Airbus Interims”) https://www.airbus.com/content/dam/corporate-
topics/financial-and-company-information/Airbus-SN-H1-2021.pdf;
the unaudited interim semi-annual financial statements of Airbus Finance for the six-month period ended 
30 June 2021 (the “Airbus Finance Interims”) https://www.airbus.com/content/dam/corporate-
topics/financial-and-company-information/Airbus-Finance-BV-Financial-Statements-HY2021.pdf;
the unaudited condensed interim IFRS consolidated financial statements of Airbus for the three-month 
period ended 31 March 2021 (the "Airbus Q1 Results") https://www.airbus.com/content/dam/corporate-
topics/financial-and-company-information/Airbus-SN-Q1-2021.pdf;
the Terms and Conditions set out on pages 14 to 41 of the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus dated 2 
August 2013 relating to the Programme https://www.airbus.com/content/dam/corporate-topics/financial-
and-company-information/EADS 2013_Base Prospectus 4th Submission.pdf; 
the Terms and Conditions set out on pages 21 to 48 of the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus dated 4 
August 2014 relating to the Programme https://www.airbus.com/content/dam/corporate-topics/financial-
and-company-information/Airbus EMTN 2014 Base Prospectus.pdf;

--- Page 25 ---
17
the Terms and Conditions set out on pages 23 to 50 of the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus dated 4 
August 2015 relating to the Programme https://www.airbus.com/content/dam/corporate-topics/financial-
and-company-information/A20258220 v0.0 Airbus EMTN 2015_Base Prospectus.pdf; and
the Terms and Conditions set out on pages 26 to 57 of the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus dated 8 
August 2019 relating to the Programme https://www.airbus.com/content/dam/channel-specific/website-
/investors/EMTN-2019_Base-Prospectus.pdf,
save that any statement contained in a document which is deemed to be incorporated by reference shall be 
deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus to the 
extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by 
implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so 
modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus.
The 2019 and 2020 full year financial statements of Airbus and Airbus Finance were prepared in accordance 
with the International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) issued by the International Accounting 
Standards Board (“IASB”) and as endorsed by the EU and with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. 
The Airbus Interims and Airbus Finance Interims were prepared in accordance with IAS 34 Interim Financial 
Reporting as endorsed by the EU.
The Issuers will provide, free of charge, at the specified offices of the Paying Agents, upon oral or written 
request, a copy of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus (and any document incorporated by reference). 
Written or oral requests for such documents should be directed to the specified office of any Paying Agent or 
the Listing Agent in Luxembourg.
The documents incorporated by reference in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus will be published on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu) 
and 
Airbus 
(https://www.airbus.com/investors/hedging-and-debt-information.html). For the avoidance of doubt, the 
content of the websites of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and Airbus do not form part of this Debt Issuance 
Programme Prospectus.

--- Page 26 ---
18
CROSS-REFERENCE LIST IN RESPECT OF INFORMATION
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE REGARDING AIRBUS
Annex 7 of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980 in respect of 
Airbus 
Half-year 2021
2020
2019
A7.3
RISK FACTORS
A7.3.1
A description of the material 
risks that are specific to the 
issuer and that may affect the 
issuer’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the 
securities, in a limited number 
of categories, in a section 
headed ‘Risk Factors’.
In each category the most 
material risks, in the 
assessment of the issuer, 
offeror or person asking for 
admission to trading on a 
regulated market, taking into 
account the negative impact 
on the issuer and the 
probability of their 
occurrence, shall be set out 
first. The risk factors shall be 
corroborated by the content of 
the registration document.
Pages 8 to 25 of the 2020 
Registration Document
A7.4
INFORMATION ABOUT 
THE ISSUER
A7.4.1
History and development of 
the Issuer
A7.4.1.1
the legal and commercial 
name of the Issuer;
Page 120 of the 2020 
Registration Document
A7.4.1.2
the place of registration of the 
Issuer, its registration number
and legal entity identifier;
Page 120 of the 2020 
Registration Document
A7.4.1.3
the date of incorporation and 
the length of life of the Issuer, 
except where indefinite; and
Page 121 of the 2020 
Registration Document
A7.4.1.4
the domicile and legal form of 
the issuer, the legislation 
under which the issuer 
operates, its country of 
incorporation, and the address 
and telephone number of its 
registered office (or principal 
place of business if different 
Page 120 of the 2020 
Registration Document

--- Page 27 ---
19
Annex 7 of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980 in respect of 
Airbus 
Half-year 2021
2020
2019
from its registered office and 
website of the issuer, if any, 
with a disclaimer that the 
information on the website 
does not form part of the 
prospectus unless that 
information is incorporated by 
reference into the prospectus.
A7.4.1.5
Any recent events particular 
to the issuer and which are to 
a material extent relevant to 
an evaluation of the issuer’s 
solvency.
Pages 11 and 12 of the 
Airbus Interims
Page 95 of the 2020 
Registration Document
A7.5
BUSINESS OVERVIEW
A7.5.1
Principal activities:
A7.5.1.1
A brief description of the 
issuer’s principal activities 
stating the main categories of 
products sold and/or services 
performed; and
Pages 28 to 57 of the 2020 
Registration Document
A7.5.1.2
The basis for any statements 
in the registration document 
made by the issuer regarding 
its competitive position.
Pages 28 to 57 of the 2020 
Registration Document
A7.6
ORGANISATIONAL 
STRUCTURE
A7.6.1
If the issuer is part of a group, 
a brief description of the 
group and of the issuer's
position within it.  This may 
be in the form of, or 
accompanied by, a diagram of 
the organisational structure if 
this helps to clarify the 
structure.
Pages 133 and 134 of the 
2020 Registration Document
A7.9
ADMINISTRATIVE, 
MANAGEMENT, AND 
SUPERVISORY BODIES
A7.9.1
Names, business addresses 
and functions in the issuer of 
the following persons, and an 
indication of the principal 
activities performed by them 
outside the issuer where these 
are significant with respect to 
that issuer:
Pages 144 to 156 of the 2020 
Registration Document

--- Page 28 ---
20
Annex 7 of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980 in respect of 
Airbus 
Half-year 2021
2020
2019
(a) members 
of 
the 
administrative, 
management 
or 
supervisory bodies; and
(b) partners with unlimited 
liability, in the case of a 
limited partnership with a 
share capital.
A7.10
MAJOR 
SHAREHOLDERS
A7.10.1
To the extent known to the 
issuer, state whether the issuer 
is directly or indirectly owned 
or controlled and by whom 
and describe the nature of 
such control, and describe the 
measures in place to ensure 
that such control is not 
abused.
Pages 129 to 133 of the 2020 
Registration Document
A7.11
FINANCIAL 
INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE 
ISSUER'S ASSETS AND 
LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION 
AND PROFITS AND 
LOSSES
A7.11.1
Historical Financial 
Information
Audited historical financial 
information covering the 
latest 2 financial years (at 
least 24 months) or such 
shorter period that the issuer 
has been in operation, and the 
audit report in respect of each 
year.
Pages 5 to 23 of the 
Airbus Interims
Pages 6 to 83 of the 2020 
Airbus Audited Consolidated 
Annual Financial Statements
Pages 6 to 83 of the 2019
Airbus Audited Consolidated 
Annual Financial Statements
(a) income statements;
Page 5 of the Airbus 
Interims
Page 6 of the 2020 Airbus 
Audited Consolidated Annual 
Financial Statements
Page 6 of the 2019 Airbus 
Audited Consolidated 
Annual Financial Statements
(b) statements of 
comprehensive income;
Page 6 of the Airbus 
Interims
Page 7 of the 2020 Airbus 
Audited Consolidated Annual 
Financial Statements
Page 7 of the 2019 Airbus 
Audited Consolidated 
Annual Financial Statements
(c) statements of financial 
position;
Pages 7 and 8 of the 
Airbus Interims
Pages 8 and 9 of the 2020 
Airbus Audited Consolidated 
Annual Financial Statements
Pages 8 and 9 of the 2019 
Airbus Audited Consolidated 
Annual Financial Statements

--- Page 29 ---
21
Annex 7 of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980 in respect of 
Airbus 
Half-year 2021
2020
2019
(d) statements of cash flows; Page 9 of the Airbus 
Interims
Page 10 of the 2020 Airbus 
Audited Consolidated Annual 
Financial Statements
Page 10 of the 2019 Airbus 
Audited Consolidated 
Annual Financial Statements
(e) statements of changes in 
equity; and
Page 10 of the Airbus 
Interims
Page 11 of the 2020 Airbus 
Audited Consolidated Annual 
Financial Statements
Page 11 of the 2019 Airbus 
Audited Consolidated 
Annual Financial Statements
(f) accounting policies and 
explanatory notes
Pages 11 to 23 of the 
Airbus Interims
Pages 15 to 83 of the 2020 
Airbus Audited Consolidated 
Annual Financial Statements
Pages 15 to 83 of the 2019 
Airbus Audited Consolidated 
Annual Financial Statements
A7.11.2
Auditing of historical 
annual financial 
information
A7.11.2.1
The historical annual financial 
information must be 
independently audited. The 
audit report shall be prepared 
in accordance with Directive 
2006/43/EC and Regulation 
(EU) No 537/2014.
Where Directive 2006/43/EC 
and Regulation (EU) No 
537/2014 do not apply, the 
historical financial 
information must be audited 
or reported on as to whether 
or not, for the purposes of the 
registration document, it gives 
a true and fair view in 
accordance with auditing 
standards applicable in a 
Member State or an 
equivalent standard. 
Otherwise, the following 
information must be included 
in the registration document:
(a) a 
prominent 
statement 
disclosing which auditing 
standards 
have 
been 
applied;
(b) an explanation of any 
significant 
departures 
from 
International 
Standards on Auditing.
N/A
Pages 116 to 123 of the 2020 
Airbus Audited Consolidated 
Annual Financial Statements
Pages 112 to 119 of the 2019 
Airbus Audited Consolidated 
Annual Financial Statements
A7.11.2.1a Where audit reports on the 
historical financial 
information have been refused 
N/A
N/A
N/A

--- Page 30 ---
22
Annex 7 of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980 in respect of 
Airbus 
Half-year 2021
2020
2019
by the statutory auditors or 
where they contain 
qualifications, modifications 
of opinion, disclaimers or an 
emphasis of matter, the reason 
must be given, and such 
qualifications, modifications, 
disclaimers or emphasis of 
matter must be reproduced in 
full.
A7.11.3
Legal arbitration 
proceedings
Pages 21 to 23 of the 
Airbus Interims
Pages 52 to 54 of the 2020 
Registration Document
Page 18, section entitled 
"GPT" of the Airbus Q1 
Results
CROSS-REFERENCE LIST IN RESPECT OF INFORMATION
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE REGARDING AIRBUS FINANCE 
Annex 7 of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980 in respect of 
Airbus Finance
Half-year 2021
2020
2019
A7.3
RISK FACTORS
A7.3.1
A description of the material 
risks that are specific to the 
issuer and that may affect the 
issuer’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the 
securities, in a limited number 
of categories, in a section 
headed ‘Risk Factors’.
In each category the most 
material risks, in the 
assessment of the issuer, 
offeror or person asking for 
admission to trading on a 
regulated market, taking into 
account the negative impact 
on the issuer and the 
probability of their 
occurrence, shall be set out 
first. The risk factors shall be 
corroborated by the content of 
the registration document.
Page 3 of the Airbus 
Finance Interims
Page 3 of the 2020 Airbus 
Finance Audited Annual 
Financial Statements
A7.4
INFORMATION ABOUT 
THE ISSUER

--- Page 31 ---
23
Annex 7 of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980 in respect of 
Airbus Finance
Half-year 2021
2020
2019
A7.4.1
History and development of 
the Issuer
A7.4.1.1
the legal and commercial 
name of the Issuer;
Page 8 of the 2020 Airbus 
Finance Audited Annual 
Financial Statements
A7.4.1.2
the place of registration of the 
Issuer, its registration number 
and legal entity identifier;
Page 8 of the 2020 Airbus 
Finance Audited Annual 
Financial Statements
A7.4.1.3
the date of incorporation and 
the length of life of the Issuer, 
except where indefinite; and
Page 8 of the 2020 Airbus 
Finance Audited Annual 
Financial Statements
A7.4.1.4
the domicile and legal form of 
the issuer, the legislation 
under which the issuer 
operates, its country of 
incorporation, and the address 
and telephone number of its 
registered office (or principal 
place of business if different 
from its registered office and 
website of the issuer, if any, 
with a disclaimer that the 
information on the website 
does not form part of the 
prospectus unless that 
information is incorporated by 
reference into the prospectus 
and website of the issuer, if 
any, with a disclaimer that the 
information on the website 
does not form part of the 
prospectus unless that 
information is incorporated by 
reference into the prospectus.
Page 8 of the 2020 Airbus 
Finance Audited Annual 
Financial Statements
A7.4.1.5
Any recent events particular to
the issuer and which are to a 
material extent relevant to an 
evaluation of the issuer’s 
solvency.
Page 17 of the Airbus 
Finance Interims
Pages 3, 8-9 and 17 of the 
2020 Airbus Finance Audited 
Annual Financial Statements
A7.5
BUSINESS OVERVIEW
A7.5.1
Principal activities:
A7.5.1.1
A brief description of the 
issuer’s principal activities 
stating the main categories of 
products sold and/or services 
performed; and
Pages 2 and 8 of the 
Airbus Finance 
Interims
Pages 2 and 8 of the 2020
Airbus Finance Audited 
Annual Financial Statements

--- Page 32 ---
24
Annex 7 of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980 in respect of 
Airbus Finance
Half-year 2021
2020
2019
A7.5.1.2
The basis for any statements 
in the registration document 
made by the issuer regarding 
its competitive position.
N/A
N/A
A7.6
ORGANISATIONAL 
STRUCTURE
A7.6.1
If the issuer is part of a group, 
a brief description of the 
group and of the issuer's 
position within it.  This may 
be in the form of, or 
accompanied by, a diagram of 
the organisational structure if 
this helps to clarify the 
structure.
Pages 8 and 17 of the 2020
Airbus Finance Audited 
Annual Financial Statements
A7.9
ADMINISTRATIVE, 
MANAGEMENT, AND 
SUPERVISORY BODIES
A7.9.1
Names, business addresses 
and functions in the issuer of 
the following persons, and an 
indication of the principal 
activities performed by them 
outside the issuer where these 
are significant with respect to 
that issuer: members of the 
administrative, management 
or supervisory bodies; partners 
with unlimited liability, in the 
case of a limited partnership 
with a share capital.
Page 3 of the 2020 Airbus 
Finance Audited Annual 
Financial Statements
A7.10
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS
A7.10.1
To the extent known to the 
issuer, state whether the issuer 
is directly or indirectly owned 
or controlled and by whom 
and describe the nature of 
such control, and describe the 
measures in place to ensure 
that such control is not abused.
Page 8 of the 2020 Airbus 
Finance Audited Annual 
Financial Statements
A7.11
FINANCIAL 
INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE 
ISSUER'S ASSETS AND 
LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL 
POSITION AND PROFITS

--- Page 33 ---
25
Annex 7 of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980 in respect of 
Airbus Finance
Half-year 2021
2020
2019
AND LOSSES
A7.11.1
Historical Financial 
Information
Audited historical financial 
information covering the latest 
2 financial years (at least 24 
months) or such shorter period 
that the issuer has been in 
operation, and the audit report 
in respect of each year.
Pages 5 to 17 of the 
Airbus Finance 
Interims
Pages 5 to 17 of the 2020 
Airbus Finance Audited 
Annual Financial Statements
Page 5 to 16 of the 2019 
Airbus Finance Audited 
Annual Financial Statements
(a) income statements;
Page 5 of the Airbus 
Finance Interims
Page 5 of the 2020 Airbus 
Finance Audited Annual 
Financial Statements
Page 5 of the 2019 Airbus 
Finance Audited Annual 
Financial Statements
(b)
statements of 
comprehensive income;
Page 5 of the Airbus 
Finance Interims
Page 5 of the 2020 Airbus 
Finance Audited Annual 
Financial Statements
Page 5 of the 2019 Airbus 
Finance Audited Annual 
Financial Statements
(c)
statements of financial 
position;
Page 6 of the Airbus 
Finance Interims
Page 6 of the 2020 Airbus 
Finance Audited Annual 
Financial Statements
Page 6 of the 2019 Airbus 
Finance Audited Annual 
Financial Statements
(d)
statements of cash 
flows;
Page 7 of the Airbus 
Finance Interims
Page 7 of the 2020 Airbus 
Finance Audited Annual 
Financial Statements
Page 7 of the 2019 Airbus 
Finance Audited Annual 
Financial Statements
(e)
statements of changes in 
equity; and
Page 7 of the Airbus 
Finance Interims
Page 7 of the 2020 Airbus 
Finance Audited Annual 
Financial Statements
Page 7 of the 2019 Airbus 
Finance Audited Annual 
Financial Statements
(f)
accounting policies and 
explanatory notes
Pages 8 to 17 of the 
Airbus Finance 
Interims
Pages 8 to 17 of the 2020 
Airbus Finance Audited 
Annual Financial Statements
Pages 8 to 16 of the 2019 
Airbus Finance Audited 
Annual Financial Statements
A7.11.2
Auditing of historical annual 
financial information
A7.11.2.1 The historical annual financial 
information must be 
independently audited. The 
audit report shall be prepared 
in accordance with Directive 
2006/43/EC and Regulation 
(EU) No 537/2014.
Where Directive 2006/43/EC 
and Regulation (EU) No 
537/2014 do not apply, the 
historical financial information 
must be audited or reported on 
as to whether or not, for the 
purposes of the registration 
document, it gives a true and 
fair view in accordance with 
auditing standards applicable 
in a Member State or an 
N/A
Seven pages attached after 
page 18 of the 2020 Airbus 
Finance Audited Annual 
Financial Statements
Five pages attached after page 
17 of the 2019 Airbus 
Finance Audited Annual 
Financial Statements

--- Page 34 ---
26
Annex 7 of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980 in respect of 
Airbus Finance
Half-year 2021
2020
2019
equivalent standard. 
Otherwise, the following 
information must be included 
in the registration document:
(a) a 
prominent 
statement 
disclosing which auditing 
standards 
have 
been 
applied;
(b) an explanation of any 
significant 
departures 
from 
International 
Standards on Auditing.
A7.11.2.1a Where audit reports on the 
historical financial information 
have been refused by the 
statutory auditors or where 
they contain qualifications, 
modifications of opinion, 
disclaimers or an emphasis of 
matter, the reason must be 
given, and such qualifications, 
modifications, disclaimers or 
emphasis of matter must be 
reproduced in full.
N/A
N/A
N/A
A7.11.3
Legal arbitration 
proceedings
N/A
N/A
CROSS-REFERENCE LIST IN RESPECT OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
Annex 7 of 
Commission 
Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 
2019/980
Debt Issuance 
Programme 
Prospectus dated 
2 August 2013
Debt Issuance 
Programme 
Prospectus dated 
4 August 2014
Debt Issuance 
Programme 
Prospectus dated 
4 August 2015
Debt Issuance 
Programme 
Prospectus 
dated 8 August 
2019
Terms and 
Conditions
Pages 14 to 41 
(the “2013
Conditions”)
Pages 21 to 48 
(the “2014
Conditions”)
Pages 23 to 50 
(the “2015 
Conditions”)
Pages 26 to 57 
(the “2019 
Conditions”)
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are 
otherwise covered elsewhere in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus. For the avoidance of doubt, any 
documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Debt Issuance 
Programme Prospectus shall not form part of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus.

--- Page 35 ---
27
SUPPLEMENT TO DEBT ISSUANCE PROGRAMME PROSPECTUS
Each of Airbus and Airbus Finance has given (or, in connection with the listing of any Notes issued by it, is
required to give) an undertaking to the Dealers and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange that if at any time during the 
duration of the Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information 
contained in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Notes, it 
shall prepare a supplement to this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or publish a replacement Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent offering of the Notes and shall supply to each Dealer and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange such 
number of copies of such supplement hereto as such Dealer and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange may reasonably 
request.
In relation to each issue of Notes, this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus shall be deemed to be completed by 
the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 36 ---
28
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES
The following is the text of the terms and conditions (the “Conditions”) that, subject to completion in 
accordance with the provisions of Part A of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes in 
definitive form (if any) issued in exchange for the Global Note(s) representing each Series. The full text of 
these Conditions together with the relevant provisions of Part A of the Final Terms shall be endorsed on such 
Bearer Notes or on the Certificates relating to such Registered Notes. All capitalised terms that are not 
defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in Part A of the relevant Final Terms. Those 
definitions will be endorsed on the definitive Notes or Certificates, as the case may be. References in the 
Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the 
Programme.
The Notes are constituted by an Amended and Restated Trust Deed (as amended or supplemented as at the 
date of issue of the Notes (the “Issue Date”), the “Trust Deed”) dated 30 July 2021 between Airbus SE
(formerly known as Airbus Group SE) (“Airbus” or, in its capacity as issuer of any Notes, an “Issuer” or, in 
its capacity as guarantor of Notes issued by Airbus Finance B.V., the “Guarantor"), Airbus Finance B.V.
(formerly known as Airbus Group Finance B.V.)  (“Airbus Finance” or, in its capacity as issuer of any 
Notes, an “Issuer”), and BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited (the “Trustee”, which expression 
shall include all persons for the time being the trustee or trustees under the Trust Deed) as trustee for the 
Noteholders (as defined below). Airbus and Airbus Finance are referred to below, in their capacity as issuers 
of Notes, as a “Relevant Issuer” as such Issuer shall be so specified in the relevant Final Terms. These terms 
and conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed, which 
includes the form of the Bearer Notes, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons and Talons referred to below. An 
Amended and Restated Agency Agreement (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the “Agency 
Agreement”) dated 30 July 2018 has been entered into in relation to the Notes between Airbus, Airbus 
Finance, the Trustee, The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch as initial issuing and paying agent and 
the other agents named in it. The issuing and paying agent, the paying agents, the registrar, the transfer agents 
and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the “Issuing and 
Paying Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall include the Issuing and Paying Agent), the 
“Registrar”, the “Transfer Agents” (which expression shall include the Registrar) and the “Calculation 
Agent(s)”. Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are, or, by the Issue Date, will be available 
for inspection during usual business hours at the principal office of the Trustee (presently at One Canada 
Square, London E14 5AL) and at the specified offices of the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents. If the 
Notes are to be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
The Noteholders, the holders of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest bearing Notes in 
bearer form and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”) (the 
“Couponholders”) and the holders of the receipts for the payment of instalments of principal (the 
“Receipts”) relating to Notes in bearer form of which the principal is payable in instalments are entitled to the 
benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed and are 
deemed to have notice of those provisions applicable to them of the Agency Agreement.
1
Form, Denomination and Title
The minimum denomination per Note will be €100,000.  The Notes are issued in serially numbered bearer 
form (“Bearer Notes”, which expression includes Notes that are specified to be Exchangeable Bearer Notes),

--- Page 37 ---
29
in registered form (“Registered Notes”) or in serially numbered bearer form exchangeable for Registered 
Notes (“Exchangeable Bearer Notes”) in each case in the Specified Denomination(s) shown hereon.
All Registered Notes shall have the same Specified Denomination. Where Exchangeable Bearer Notes are 
issued, the Registered Notes for which they are exchangeable shall have the same Specified Denomination as 
the lowest denomination of Exchangeable Bearer Notes.
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or an Instalment Note, a
combination of any of the foregoing or any other kind of Note, depending upon the Interest and 
Redemption/Payment Basis shown hereon.
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached, 
save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest 
due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. Instalment Notes are 
issued with one or more Receipts attached.
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates (“Certificates”) and, save as provided in Condition 
2(c), each Certificate shall represent the entire holding of Registered Notes by the same holder.
Title to the Bearer Notes and the Receipts, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Title to the Registered 
Notes shall pass by registration in the register that the Relevant Issuer and (where applicable) the Guarantor 
shall procure to be kept by the Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the 
“Register”). Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as 
defined below) of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its 
absolute owner for all purposes whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or 
an interest in it, any writing on it (or on the Certificate representing it) or its theft or loss (or that of the related 
Certificate) and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder.
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” means the bearer of any Bearer Note and the Receipts relating to it or the 
person in whose name a Registered Note is registered (as the case may be), “holder” (in relation to a Note, 
Receipt, Coupon or Talon) means the bearer of any Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon or the person in 
whose name a Registered Note is registered (as the case may be) and capitalised terms have the meanings 
given to them hereon, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the 
Notes.
2
Exchanges of Exchangeable Bearer Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes
(a)
Exchange of Exchangeable Bearer Notes
Subject as provided in Condition 2(f), Exchangeable Bearer Notes may be exchanged for the same 
nominal amount of Registered Notes at the request in writing of the relevant Noteholder and upon 
surrender of each Exchangeable Bearer Note to be exchanged, together with all unmatured Receipts, 
Coupons and Talons relating to it, at the specified office of any Transfer Agent; provided, however, 
that where an Exchangeable Bearer Note is surrendered for exchange after the Record Date (as defined 
in Condition 7(b)) for any payment of interest, the Coupon in respect of that payment of interest need 
not be surrendered with it. Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes. Bearer Notes of 
one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes of another Specified 
Denomination. Bearer Notes that are not Exchangeable Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for 
Registered Notes.

--- Page 38 ---
30
(b)
Transfer of Registered Notes
One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon the surrender (at the specified office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the Certificate representing such Registered Notes to be 
transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Certificate, (or another form of 
transfer substantially in the same form and containing the same representations and certifications (if 
any), unless otherwise agreed by the Relevant Issuer), duly completed and executed and any other 
evidence as the Registrar or Transfer Agent may reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of part 
only of a holding of Registered Notes represented by one Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued 
to the transferee in respect of the part transferred and a further new Certificate in respect of the balance 
of the holding not transferred shall be issued to the transferor. All transfers of Notes and entries on the 
Register will be made subject to the detailed regulations concerning transfers of Notes scheduled to the 
Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Relevant Issuer, with the prior written 
approval of the Registrar and the Trustee. A copy of the current regulations will be made available by 
the Registrar to any Noteholder upon request.
(c)
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes
In the case of an exercise of the Relevant Issuer’s or Noteholders’ option in respect of, or a partial 
redemption of, a holding of Registered Notes represented by a single Certificate, a new Certificate 
shall be issued to the holder to reflect the exercise of such option or in respect of the balance of the 
holding not redeemed. In the case of a partial exercise of an option resulting in Registered Notes of the 
same holding having different terms, separate Certificates shall be issued in respect of those Notes of 
that holding that have the same terms. New Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of the 
existing Certificates to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of Registered 
Notes to a person who is already a holder of Registered Notes, a new Certificate representing the 
enlarged holding shall only be issued against surrender of the Certificate representing the existing 
holding.
(d)
Delivery of New Certificates
Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions 2(a), (b) or (c) shall be available for delivery 
within three business days of receipt of the request for exchange, form of transfer or Exercise Notice 
(as defined in Condition 6(h)) and surrender of the Certificate for exchange. Delivery of the new 
Certificate(s) shall be made at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the case 
may be) to whom delivery or surrender of such request for exchange, form of transfer, Exercise Notice 
or Certificate shall have been made or, at the option of the holder making such delivery or surrender as 
aforesaid and as specified in the relevant request for exchange, form of transfer, Exercise Notice or 
otherwise in writing, be mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to the new 
Certificate to such address as may be so specified, unless such holder requests otherwise and pays in 
advance to the relevant Transfer Agent the costs of such other method of delivery and/or such 
insurance as it may specify. In this Condition 2(d), “business day” means a day, other than a Saturday 
or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in the place of the specified office of the relevant 
Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be).
(e)
Exchange Free of Charge
Exchange and transfer of Notes and Certificates on registration, transfer, exercise of an option or 
partial redemption shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Relevant Issuer, (where 
applicable) the Guarantor, the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment of any tax or other 
governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as the 
Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may require).

--- Page 39 ---
31
(f)
Closed Periods
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered or an Exchangeable 
Bearer Note to be exchanged for one or more Registered Note(s) (i) during the period of 15 days 
ending on the due date for redemption of, or payment of any Instalment Amount in respect of, that 
Note, (ii) during the period of 15 days prior to any date on which Notes may be called for redemption 
by the Issuer at its option pursuant to Condition 6(d), (iii) after any such Note has been called for 
redemption or (iv) during the period of seven days ending on (and including) any Record Date. An 
Exchangeable Bearer Note called for redemption may, however, be exchanged for one or more 
Registered Note(s) in respect of which the Certificate is simultaneously surrendered not later than the 
relevant Record Date.
3
Guarantee and Status
(a)
Guarantee
The Guarantor has unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed the due payment of all sums expressed 
to be payable by Airbus Finance under the Trust Deed, the Notes, Receipts and Coupons. Its 
obligations in that respect (the “Guarantee”) are contained in the Trust Deed.
(b)
Status of Notes and Guarantee
The Notes and the Receipts and Coupons constitute (subject to Condition 4) unsecured obligations of 
the Relevant Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves. The payment obligations of the Relevant Issuer under the Notes and the Receipts and 
Coupons and (where applicable) of the Guarantor under the Guarantee shall, save for such exceptions 
as may be provided by applicable legislation and subject to Condition 4, at all times rank at least 
equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary obligations of the 
Relevant Issuer and the Guarantor, respectively, present and future.
4
Negative Pledge
(a)
Restriction
So long as any of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons remains outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed):
(i)
neither the Issuer nor (in the case of Notes issued by Airbus Finance) the Guarantor shall, 
and the Guarantor will procure that none of the Material Subsidiaries shall, create or 
permit to subsist any mortgage, charge, pledge or other form of encumbrance or security 
interest (other than an encumbrance arising by operation of law) (“Security”) upon the 
whole or any part of its undertaking, assets or revenues present or future to secure (A) any 
Relevant Debt or (B) any guarantee of, or indemnity in respect of, any Relevant Debt; and
(ii)
unless, at the same time or prior thereto, the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes, 
Receipts, Coupons and the Trust Deed or, as the case may be, the Guarantor’s obligation 
under the Guarantee (A) are secured equally and rateably therewith or benefit from a 
guarantee or indemnity in substantially identical terms thereto, as the case may be, in each 
case to the satisfaction of the Trustee or (B) have the benefit of such other security, 
guarantee, indemnity or other arrangement as the Trustee in its absolute discretion shall 
deem to be not materially less beneficial to the Noteholders or as shall be approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the Noteholders.

--- Page 40 ---
32
This Condition 4 shall not apply to or be applicable in respect of any of the following:
(i)
any Security or any guarantee or indemnity in respect of or in connection with any Project 
Finance Indebtedness or
(ii)
any Security or any guarantee or indemnity in respect of or in connection with any 
Securitisation Indebtedness or
(iii)
any Security or any guarantee or indemnity in respect of or in connection with any 
Acquisition Indebtedness or
(iv)
any Security or any guarantee or indemnity securing Public Indebtedness or granted in 
favour of a wholly owned member of the Group, a special purpose vehicle, a trust, a 
fiduciary or agent for the purpose of, directly or indirectly, raising Public Indebtedness or
(v)
Existing Security.
(b)
Definitions
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions:
(i)
“Acquisition Indebtedness” means any Relevant Debt incurred for the sole purpose of 
financing all or part of the cost of the acquisition, construction, development or 
improvement of any assets (including, without limitation, shares or stock) acquired or 
owned directly or indirectly by any member of the Group (including without limitation 
any buildings or production facilities (and any equipment located therein), provided that 
any Security or any guarantee or indemnity granted in favour of such creditors in respect 
of such Relevant Debt shall be to secure a principal, capital or nominal amount not 
exceeding 100 per cent. of the cost of that acquisition, construction, development or 
improvement, as the case may be.
(ii)
“Aircraft” means any aircraft, including (i) any related engines, spare engines or spare 
parts, (ii) maintenance and other reserves in respect of the obligations of any member of 
the Group as lessee or operator of such aircraft, and (iii) any insurance policies relating to 
the operation of such aircraft, which are owned by Airbus or any Material Subsidiary.
(iii)
“Existing Security” means any Existing Security on Assets or Existing Security on 
Subsidiaries.
(iv)
“Existing Security on Assets” means any Security over any asset or any guarantee or 
indemnity in respect of any Relevant Debt incurred in connection with any asset acquired 
after 8 August 2019 (provided that such Security or guarantee or indemnity is existing on 
or prior to the date of the acquisition of the asset and was not created in contemplation of 
that acquisition) and any substitute Security or guarantee or indemnity created on that 
asset or indebtedness in connection with the refinancing of the Relevant Debt so secured 
or guaranteed (but the principal, nominal or capital amount guaranteed or secured and 
outstanding at the time of acquisition may not be increased without the prior written 
consent of the Trustee).
(v)
“Existing Security on Subsidiaries” means any Security granted by any Person over its 
undertakings, assets or revenues or any guarantee or indemnity given by any Person and 
which is existing at the time any such Person becomes, whether by the acquisition of share 
capital or otherwise, a Subsidiary or a Material Subsidiary after 8 August 2019 (other than 
any Security or guarantee or indemnity created in contemplation of or in connection with

--- Page 41 ---
33
such Person becoming a Subsidiary or a Material Subsidiary), but, except with the prior 
written consent of the Trustee in respect of a Material Subsidiary only, the principal, 
nominal or capital amount secured by any such Security or guaranteed by any such 
guarantee or indemnity and outstanding when the relevant Person becomes a Subsidiary or 
a Material Subsidiary may not be substituted or increased except by reason of any 
fluctuation in the amount outstanding under, and within the limits and in accordance with 
the terms of, facilities which exist and are secured by the relevant Security or guaranteed 
by the relevant guarantee or indemnity when it becomes a Subsidiary or a Material 
Subsidiary (or any renewal or extension of any such facility for the same or a smaller 
amount).
(vi)
“Material Subsidiary” means, at any time, each Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of Airbus 
nominated and designated as such by Airbus (whether by addition, substitution or 
otherwise) in its sole discretion in the most recent certificate for such purpose signed by a 
member of the board of directors of Airbus or other authorised officer of Airbus and 
delivered to the Trustee pursuant to the Trust Deed, the aggregate total assets of which 
(together with the total assets of Airbus) represents at least 60 per cent. of the consolidated 
total assets of Airbus and its Subsidiaries (the “Group”). For this purpose, the total assets 
of a member of the Group shall be determined from the latest financial reporting package 
of such member of the Group from which the consolidated financial statements of the 
Group are derived, unconsolidated if such entity has Subsidiaries and the consolidated 
total assets of the Group will be determined from the latest financial statements, in each 
case adjusted (where appropriate) to reflect the total assets of any company or business 
subsequently acquired or disposed of.
(vii)
“Person” includes an individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
undertaking, association, organisation, trust, state or agency of a state (in each case, 
whether or not having a separate legal personality).
(viii)
“Project Finance Indebtedness” means any Relevant Debt incurred in connection with 
the financing, ownership, creation, construction, design, development or operation of a 
project or a product (including without limitation an Aircraft) in which a member of the 
Group or an affiliate is directly or indirectly participating (a “Project”) where (1) the 
recourse of the creditor(s) is fully or substantially limited to the assets and/or revenues 
comprised in, and/or generated by, the Project or (2) pursuant to the terms of financing or 
other project agreements, the creditors involved agree that the assets or revenues of, or to 
be generated from or derived by, the relevant Project shall be the principal source for 
financing the payment of any sum relating to, and the repayment of, such Relevant Debt, 
but that until such repayment the creditors are entitled (according to the terms of the 
particular contractual arrangements) to the benefit, in whole or in part, of such Security 
and/or such guarantees or indemnities as may be provided by the Issuer, the Guarantor or 
any Material Subsidiary, as the case may be, in connection with the financing, the 
completion or performance of the relevant Project or the payment of equity, debt or other 
participations or obligations with respect to the relevant Project, including without 
limitation any public-private partnerships or private finance initiatives.
(ix)
“Public Indebtedness” means any Relevant Debt incurred in connection with a financing 
or refinancing from a State, a public body, a supranational body (including, without 
limitation, the European Central Bank) or a financial institution or a bank acting upon the

--- Page 42 ---
34
request, with the guarantee, the subsidy or support of a State or a public body or a 
supranational body.
(x)
“Relevant Debt” means any present or future indebtedness for borrowed money in the 
form of, or represented by, bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or other negotiable 
securities that are for the time being, or are capable of being, quoted, listed or ordinarily 
dealt in on any stock exchange, automated trading system, over-the-counter or other 
securities market.
(xi)
“Securitisation Indebtedness” means any Relevant Debt (including, without limitation, 
any secured lending, leasing (whether tax driven or otherwise), asset-based securitisation, 
asset repacking or any combination thereof) which is incurred in connection with the 
purchase or sale of any assets or revenues where the repayment of principal and interest in 
respect of the Relevant Debt is primarily financed by such assets or revenues.
(xii)
“Subsidiary” means, in respect of any Person at any particular time, an entity in respect of 
which such Person has direct or indirect control or owns directly or indirectly more than 
50 per cent. of such entity’s voting capital or similar right of ownership and “control” for 
this purpose means the power to direct management and determine the policies of the 
entity whether through the ownership of voting capital, by contract or otherwise.
5
Interest and other Calculations
(a)
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, 
such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable 
shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5(f).
(b)
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i)
Interest Payment Dates
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of 
Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of 
interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5(f). Such Interest Payment 
Date(s) is/are either shown hereon as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified 
Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown hereon, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date 
which falls the number of months or other period shown hereon as the Interest Period after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the 
Interest Commencement Date.
(ii)
Business Day Convention
If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business 
Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be 
the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been subject

--- Page 43 ---
35
to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the 
next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such 
date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.
(iii)
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be 
determined according to the provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination or Screen 
Rate Determination, depending upon which is specified hereon.
(A)
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes
Where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to 
be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA 
Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which:
(x)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified hereon
(y)
the Designated Maturity is a period specified hereon and
(z)
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless otherwise 
specified hereon.
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, “Floating 
Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap Transaction” have the 
meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions.
(B)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes
(x)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, 
subject as provided below, be either:
(I)
the offered quotation; or
(II)
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations,
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at either 11.00 a.m. (London 
time in the case of LIBOR or Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question as determined by the Calculation Agent plus or minus 
(as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). If five or more of such 
offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is 
more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if 
there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean 
of such offered quotations.

--- Page 44 ---
36
(y)
subject to Condition 5(j), if the Relevant Screen Page is not available, or if sub-
paragraph (x)(I) applies and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page or if sub-paragraph (x)(II) above applies and fewer than three such offered 
quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page in each case as at the time specified 
above, subject as provided below, the Calculation Agent shall request, if the Reference 
Rate is LIBOR, the principal London office of each of the Reference Banks or, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference 
Banks, to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time), or if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in 
question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with 
such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent and
(z)
subject to Condition 5(j), if paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent 
determines that fewer than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, 
subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates 
per annum (expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such 
banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(London time) or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate 
by leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, the London inter-bank market or, 
if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the case may 
be, or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with 
such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic 
mean of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to 
that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate 
is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time) or, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the 
opinion of the Trustee and the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation 
Agent it is quoting to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, the London 
inter-bank market or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market, as the case may be, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating 
to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period).
(C)
Linear Interpolation
Where Linear Interpolation is specified hereon as applicable in respect of an Interest Accrual 
Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the

--- Page 45 ---
37
Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the 
relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as applicable) or 
the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as 
applicable), one of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period provided however that if there is no rate available for the period of time next shorter or, 
as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such 
time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer shall determine as appropriate for such 
purposes.
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, the Designated 
Maturity.
(c)
Zero Coupon Notes
No amount of interest will accrue or become payable on a Note where the Interest Basis of a Note is 
specified to be Zero Coupon (a “Zero Coupon Note”), provided that, as from the Maturity Date, the 
Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6(b)(i)).
(d)
Accrual of Interest
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to 
accrue or in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, shall accrue (in each case, both before and after judgment) 
at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 8).
(e)
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption 
Amounts and Rounding
(i)
If any Margin is specified hereon (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more 
Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case 
of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), 
calculated in accordance with Condition (b) above by adding (if a positive number) or 
subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always to the 
next paragraph.
(ii)
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption 
Amount is specified hereon, then any Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption 
Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be.
(iii)
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 
of a percentage point being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven 
significant figures (provided that if the eighth significant figure is a 5 or greater, the 
seventh significant shall be rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and 
payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with half a unit being 
rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For

--- Page 46 ---
38
these purposes “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal 
tender in the country/ies of such currency.
(iv)
“Redemption Amounts” means Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption 
Amount or Early Redemption Amount, as applicable. 
(f)
Calculations
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any Interest Accrual 
Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount specified hereon,
and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula 
for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount of interest 
payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall equal 
such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period 
comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect 
of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest is required 
to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the 
period for which interest is required to be calculated.
(g)
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Instalment 
Amounts
The Calculation Agent shall as soon as practicable on each Interest Determination Date, or such other 
time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any 
quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest 
Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain such quotation or 
make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the 
Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if 
required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount or any Instalment Amount to be notified to the Trustee, the Relevant Issuer, each 
of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes 
that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed on a 
stock exchange and the rules of such exchange or other relevant authority so require, such exchange or 
other relevant authority as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of 
notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the 
fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period 
Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(b)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest 
Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements 
made with the consent of the Trustee by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension 
or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 10, the 
accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to 
be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest 
or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made unless the Trustee otherwise requires. The 
determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be 
final and binding upon all parties.

--- Page 47 ---
39
(h)
Definitions
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below:
“Business Day” means:
(i)
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal 
financial centre for such currency and/or
(ii)
in the case of euro, a day on which the TARGET System is operating (a “TARGET 
Business Day”) and/or
(iii)
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in 
such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of 
the Business Centres.
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for 
any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether 
or not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”):
(i)
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual - ISDA” is specified hereon, the actual number of
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365)
(ii)
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365
(iii)
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a 
leap year, 366
(iv)
if “Actual/360” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360
(v)
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1)
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 48 ---
40
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30
(vi)
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1)
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30
(vii)
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1)
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;

--- Page 49 ---
41
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30
(viii)
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified hereon,
(a)
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year; and
(b)
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of:
(x)
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year; and
(y)
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year
where:
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination 
Date in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date and
“Determination Date” means the date(s) specified as such hereon or, if none is 
so specified, the Interest Payment Date(s)
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the 
single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended.
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive 
period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next 
succeeding Interest Period Date.
“Interest Amount” means:
(i)
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, and 
unless otherwise specified hereon, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount specified hereon as being payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the 
Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual Period forms part; and
(ii)
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for 
that period.

--- Page 50 ---
42
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified hereon.
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, 
the date specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day falling two Business Days in London for the 
Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is 
neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of 
such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is euro.
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on 
(and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Payment Date.
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified hereon.
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc.
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note and that 
is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions hereon.
“Reference Banks” means in the case of a determination of LIBOR, the principal London office of 
four major banks in the London inter-bank market and, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, 
the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case 
selected by the Issuer or as specified hereon.
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such hereon.
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column, or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified hereon (or any successor or replacement page, section, 
caption, column or other part of a particular information service).
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such hereon or, if none is specified, the 
currency in which the Notes are denominated.
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (known as TARGET2) System which was launched on 19 November 2007 or any successor 
thereto.
(i)
Calculation Agent 
The Relevant Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if 
provision is made for them hereon and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined in the Trust 
Deed). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in 
these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its 
respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or 
if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest or Interest Accrual Period or to 
calculate any Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other 
requirement, the Relevant Issuer shall (with the prior approval of the Trustee) appoint a leading bank 
or financial institution engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-
counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to 
be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or any other office

--- Page 51 ---
43
actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its 
duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid.
(j)
Benchmark discontinuation
(i)
Independent Adviser
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or 
any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, 
then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in 
accordance with Condition 5(j)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance 
with Condition 5(j)(iii)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5(j)(iv)).
In making such determination, the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(j) shall 
act in good faith as an expert and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any 
determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 5(j).
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent Adviser appointed 
by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this 
Condition 5(j) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the 
Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period. If there has not been a first Interest 
Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest 
or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 5(j) shall apply to the relevant next 
succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5(j).
(ii)
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate
If the Independent Adviser acting in good faith determines that:
(A) there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
operation of this Condition 5(j)); or
(B) there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then the applicable Adjustment 
Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the operation of this Condition 5(j)). 
(iii)
Adjustment Spread
The Adjustment Spread (or a formula or methodology for determining, the Adjustment Spread) shall 
be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).  If the Independent 
Adviser is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply 
without an Adjustment Spread.

--- Page 52 ---
44
(iv)
Benchmark Amendments
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with this Condition 5(j) and the Independent Adviser acting in good faith, 
determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions and the Trust Deed are necessary to follow market 
practice or to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or (in either case) 
the applicable Adjustment Spread (or any combination thereof) (such amendments, the “Benchmark 
Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to 
giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5(j)(v), without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions and the Trust Deed (as applicable) to give effect to 
such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice.   
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee of a certificate signed by a director or 
other duly authorised officer of the Issuer and the Independent Adviser pursuant to Condition 5(j)(v), 
the Trustee shall (at the expense of the Issuer), without any requirement for the consent of the 
Noteholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Amendments (including, 
inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed), provided that the 
Trustee shall not be obliged so to concur if in the opinion of the Trustee doing so would impose more 
onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce 
or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Trustee in these Conditions or the Trust Deed 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental trust deed) in any way.
(v)
Notices, etc.
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, determined under this Condition 5(j) will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the 
Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 16, the 
Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any. 
No later than notifying the Trustee of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a certificate 
signed by a director or other duly authorised officer of the Issuer and the Independent Adviser:
(a)
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as the case 
may be, the Alternative Rate, (iii) the Adjustment Spread and (iv) the specific terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any), in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 
5(j); and
(b)
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in each case) the applicable Adjustment 
Spread.
Each of the Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall be entitled to rely on such certificate 
(without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the 
Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of 
manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment 
Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the Trustee’s or the Calculation 
Agent’s or the Paying Agent’s ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, 
the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders.
(vi)
Survival of Original Reference Rate

--- Page 53 ---
45
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 5(j), (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 5(b)(iii)(B)(y) and (z) 
will continue to apply unless a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
(vii)
New Benchmark Event in respect of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate
If Benchmark Amendments have been implemented pursuant to this Condition 5(j) and a new 
Benchmark Event occurs in respect of the then applicable Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the 
provisions of this Condition 5(j) shall apply as if the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate were the 
Original Reference Rate.
(viii)
Definitions:
As used in this Condition 5(j):
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or (b) a
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in 
the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders and 
Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:
(i)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no 
such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate)
(ii)
the Independent Adviser determines, acting in good faith, is customarily applied to the 
relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt 
capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original 
Reference Rate; or (if the Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily 
applied);
(iii)
the Independent Adviser determines, acting in good faith, is recognised or acknowledged as 
being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be).
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative to the Reference Rate which the Independent Adviser 
determines in accordance with Condition 5(j)(ii) has replaced the Original Reference Rate customarily 
applied in the international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining rates of 
interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for the same interest period and in the same Specified 
Currency as the Notes.
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(j)(iv).
“Benchmark Event” means:  
(1) the Original Reference Rate ceasing be published for a period of at least five Business Days or 
ceasing to exist; or
(2) a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, by a specified 
date within the following six months, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate); or

--- Page 54 ---
46
(3) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the 
Original Reference Rate has been or will be, by a specified date within the following six months,
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or
(4) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means 
the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to 
restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case within the following six months; or
(5) it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, Calculation Agent the Issuer or other party to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate.
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 
5(j)(i).
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified Reference Rate used to determine the Rate 
of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes.
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a Reference Rate:
(i)
the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, or any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Reference 
Rate; or
(ii)
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, (b) any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
Reference Rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) 
the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.
6
Redemption, Purchase and Options
(a)
Redemption by Instalments and Final Redemption:
(i)
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 6, 
each Note that provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts shall be partially 
redeemed on each Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount specified hereon. The 
outstanding nominal amount of each such Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount 
(or, if such Instalment Amount is calculated by reference to a proportion of the nominal 
amount of such Note, such proportion) for all purposes with effect from the related 
Instalment Date, unless payment of the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or 
refused, in which case, such amount shall remain outstanding until the Relevant Date 
relating to such Instalment Amount.
(ii)
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall 
be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified hereon at its nominal amount (the 
“Final Redemption Amount”) or, in the case of a Note falling within paragraph (i) above, 
its final Instalment Amount.

--- Page 55 ---
47
(b)
Early Redemption
(i)
Zero Coupon Notes:
(A)
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(c) or upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 10 shall be the Amortised Face Amount (calculated as 
provided below) of such Note.
(B)
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the “Amortised Face Amount” of 
any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the 
Maturity Date discounted back to the due date for payment at a rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown 
hereon, shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the 
issue price of the Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue 
Date) compounded annually.
(C)
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its 
redemption pursuant to Condition 6(c) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided 
in Condition 10 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and payable in 
respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as defined in 
sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the 
reference therein to the “due date for payment” was replaced by a reference to the 
Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this 
sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (both before and after judgment) until the 
Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which 
case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of 
such Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest that may accrue in accordance 
with Condition 5(c).
(D)
Where such calculation is to be a made for a period of less than one year, it shall be 
made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown hereon.
(ii)
Other Notes
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes described in 
(i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(c), Condition 6(d) or
Condition 6(e) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10, shall be the 
Final Redemption Amount unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms.
(c)
Redemption for Taxation Reasons
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Relevant Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any 
Interest Payment Date or at any time if so specified in the relevant Final Terms (if this Note is a 
Floating Rate Note) or at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 
nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) at their Early 
Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) above) (together with interest accrued to the date 
fixed for redemption), if (i) the Relevant Issuer (or, if the Guarantee in the case of Guaranteed Notes 
were called, the Guarantor) satisfies the Trustee immediately before the giving of such notice that it 
has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as described under Condition 8 as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the country of incorporation of the Relevant 
Issuer (or, in the case of payments under the Guarantee, of the Guarantor) or any political subdivision 
or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official

--- Page 56 ---
48
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after 
the Issue Date, and (ii) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Relevant Issuer (or the Guarantor, as 
the case may be) taking reasonable measures available to it, provided that no such notice of 
redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Relevant Issuer 
(or the Guarantor, as the case may be) would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a 
payment in respect of the Notes (or Guarantee, as the case may be) then due. Before the publication of 
any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a certificate 
signed by a Director of the Relevant Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) stating that the 
obligation referred to in (i) above cannot be avoided by the Relevant Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the 
case may be) taking reasonable measures available to it and an opinion or opinions of independent 
legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Relevant Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the 
case may be) has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or 
amendment and the Trustee shall be entitled to accept such certificate and opinion(s) as sufficient 
evidence of the satisfaction of the condition precedent set out in (ii) above in which event it shall be 
conclusive and binding on Noteholders and Couponholders.
(d)
Redemption at the Option of the Relevant Issuer and Exercise of Relevant Issuer’s Options
If Call Option is specified hereon, the Relevant Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 
30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified hereon) 
redeem all or, if so provided, some of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such 
redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount (which may be the Early 
Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) above)) together with interest accrued to the date 
fixed for redemption. Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at 
least equal to the Minimum Nominal Amount to be redeemed specified hereon and no greater than the 
Maximum Nominal Amount to be redeemed specified hereon.
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, or the Relevant Issuer’s 
option shall be exercised, on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition.
In the case of a partial redemption or a partial exercise of a Relevant Issuer’s option, the notice to 
Noteholders shall also contain the certificate numbers of the Bearer Notes or, in the case of Registered 
Notes, shall specify the nominal amount of Registered Notes drawn and the holder(s) of such 
Registered Notes to be redeemed or in respect of which such option has been exercised, which shall 
have been drawn in such place as the Trustee may approve and in such manner as it deems appropriate, 
subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant authority 
requirements. So long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any other stock 
exchange and the rules of the relevant stock exchange so require, the Relevant Issuer shall, once in 
each year in which there has been a partial redemption of the Notes, cause to be published in a leading 
newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg or as specified by such other stock exchange, a notice 
specifying the aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding and a list of the Notes drawn for 
redemption but not surrendered.
(e)
Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer
If a Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in the event that Notes 
representing an aggregate amount equal to or exceeding the Minimum Percentage (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, being a percentage of the initial aggregate principal amount of that particular 
Series of Notes (including for the avoidance of doubt, any Notes which have been consolidated and 
form a single Series therewith)) have been purchased or redeemed and cancelled by the Relevant
Issuer, the Relevant Issuer may, at its option but subject to having given not more than sixty (60) nor

--- Page 57 ---
49
less than thirty (30) calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) in 
accordance with Condition 16, redeem on the date specified in such notice, all, but not some only, of 
the remaining Notes in that Series at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest 
accrued to the date set for redemption. The Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer may not be exercised in 
respect of a Series where a Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer has previously or simultaneously 
been exercised.
(f)
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer
Unless otherwise specified hereon, in respect of any issue of Notes, the Relevant Issuer will, subject to 
compliance by the Relevant Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not 
less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ (or such other period as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 16 to the Noteholders, have the option to 
redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, prior to their Maturity Date 
(the “Optional Redemption Date”). As used in this Condition 6(f), the “Optional Redemption 
Amount” will be the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes so redeemed and, 
(y) the sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on 
such Notes (not including any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Optional Redemption Date on an annual basis at the 
Redemption Rate plus any Redemption Margin, plus in each case (x) or (y) above, any interest accrued 
on the Notes to, but excluding, the Optional Redemption Date. The Optional Redemption Amount will 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent. 
In the case of a partial redemption, the redemption will be effected by reducing the nominal amount of 
all Notes in a Series in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed, subject to compliance 
with any other applicable laws and requirements of the Regulated Market on which the Notes are listed 
and admitted to trading. In no event, the outstanding nominal amount of each Notes following such 
reduction shall be below any amount which would prevent the Issuer from choosing its home Member 
State (as such term is defined in the Prospectus Regulation).
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Optional Redemption 
Amount in respect of the Make Whole Redemption by the Issuer will be calculated taking into account 
the Residual Redemption Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) pursuant to Condition 6(g) 
below and not the Maturity Date.
(g)
Residual Maturity Call Option
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified hereon, the Relevant Issuer may, on giving not less than 
15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 16 to the Noteholders 
redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at par together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date 
fixed for redemption, which shall be no earlier than the date specified hereon (the “Residual 
Redemption Date”).
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition.
(h)
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholders’ Options
If Put Option is specified hereon, the Relevant Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any such 
Note, upon the holder of such Note giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the 
Relevant Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified hereon) redeem such Note on the 
Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount (which may be the Early

--- Page 58 ---
50
Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) above)) together with interest accrued to the date 
fixed for redemption.
To exercise such option the holder must deposit (in the case of Bearer Notes) such Note (together with 
all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent or (in the case 
of Registered Notes) the Certificate representing such Note(s) with the Registrar or any Transfer Agent 
at its specified office, together with a duly completed option exercise notice (the “Exercise Notice”) in 
the form obtainable from any Paying Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (as applicable) within 
the notice period. No Note or Certificate so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except 
as provided in the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer.
(i)
Purchases
The Relevant Issuer, (where applicable) the Guarantor and any of their respective subsidiaries may at 
any time purchase Notes (provided that all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any 
price.
(j)
Cancellation
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Relevant Issuer, (where applicable) the Guarantor or any of 
their respective subsidiaries may be surrendered for cancellation, in the case of Bearer Notes, by 
surrendering each such Note together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged 
Talons to the Issuing and Paying Agent and, in the case of Registered Notes, by surrendering the 
Certificate representing such Notes to the Registrar and, in each case, if so surrendered, shall, together 
with all Notes redeemed by the Relevant Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured 
Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes 
so surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Relevant Issuer 
and (where applicable) the Guarantor in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged.
(k)
Illegality
If for any reason it is or will become unlawful for a Relevant Issuer or (where applicable) the 
Guarantor to perform or comply with any one or more of its obligations under any of the Notes, or (as 
the case may be) the Trust Deed, (provided that, in the opinion of the Trustee, such illegality is 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders), the Relevant Issuer will, subject to having 
given not more than 45 nor less than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 16, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at the Early 
Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption.
7
Payments and Talons
(a)
Bearer Notes
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, be 
made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipts (in the case of payments of 
Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for redemption and provided that the Receipt is 
presented for payment together with its relative Note), Notes (in the case of all other payments of 
principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 7(f)(vi)) or Coupons (in the case of 
interest, save as specified in Condition 7(f)(ii)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at 
the option of the holder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with, a Bank. “Bank”

--- Page 59 ---
51
means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in 
which banks have access to the TARGET System.
(b)
Registered Notes:
(i)
Payments of principal (which for the purposes of this Condition 7(b) shall include final 
Instalment Amounts but not other Instalment Amounts) in respect of Registered Notes 
shall be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Certificates at the 
specified office of any of the Transfer Agents or of the Registrar and in the manner 
provided in paragraph (ii) below.
(ii)
Interest (which for the purpose of this Condition 7(b) shall include all Instalment Amounts 
other than final Instalment Amounts) on Registered Notes shall be paid to the person 
shown on the Register at the close of business on the fifteenth day before the due date for 
payment thereof (the “Record Date”). Payments of interest on each Registered Note shall 
be made in the relevant currency by cheque drawn on a Bank and mailed to the holder (or 
to the first named of joint holders) of such Note at its address appearing in the Register. 
Upon application by the holder to the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer 
Agent before the Record Date, such payment of interest may be made by transfer to an 
account in the relevant currency maintained by the payee with a Bank.
(c)
Payments in the United States
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in 
respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same 
manner as aforesaid if (i) the Relevant Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices 
outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to 
make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in 
full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other 
similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by 
United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the 
Relevant Issuer.
(d)
Payments subject to Laws
Save as provided in Condition 8, payments will be subject in all cases to any other applicable fiscal or 
other laws and regulations in the place of payment or other laws and regulations to which the Relevant 
Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) or their respective Agents agree to be subject and neither the 
Relevant Issuer nor the Guarantor (if applicable) will be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever 
nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations or agreements. No commission or expenses shall be 
charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments.
(e)
Appointment of Agents
The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the 
Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Relevant Issuer and, in the case of Guaranteed Notes, the 
Guarantor and their respective specified offices are listed below. The Issuing and Paying Agent, the 
Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the 
Relevant Issuer and, as the case may be, the Guarantor and do not assume any obligation or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Relevant Issuer and, 
in the case of Guaranteed Notes, the Guarantor reserve the right at any time with the approval of the 
Trustee to vary or terminate the appointment of the Issuing and Paying Agent, any other Paying Agent, 
the Registrar, any Transfer Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying

--- Page 60 ---
52
Agents or Transfer Agents, provided that the Relevant Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) an Issuing 
and Paying Agent, (ii) a Registrar in relation to Registered Notes, (iii) a Transfer Agent in relation to 
Registered Notes which, so long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, shall 
have a specified office in Luxembourg, (iv) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so 
require, (v) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least two major European cities (including 
Luxembourg) so long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and (vi) such other 
agents as may be required by the rules of any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed 
in each case as approved by the Trustee. In addition, the Relevant Issuer and (in the case of payments 
under the Guarantee) the Guarantor shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in 
respect of any Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph 
(c) above.
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders.
(f)
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons
(i)
Upon the due date for redemption of Bearer Notes which comprise Fixed Rate Notes, such 
Notes should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) 
relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing 
unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of 
the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to 
the total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for 
payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against 
surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for 
the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to 
Condition 9).
(ii)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note comprising a Floating Rate Note, 
unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and 
no payment shall be made in respect of them.
(iii)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to 
such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered 
in respect of such Talon.
(iv)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note that is redeemable in instalments, all 
Receipts relating to such Note having an Instalment Date falling on or after such due date 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of 
them.
(v)
Where any Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become 
void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without 
all unmatured Coupons, and where any Bearer Note is presented for redemption without 
any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision 
of such indemnity as the Issuer may require.
(vi)
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, 
interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and 
surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Note or Certificate representing it, as the

--- Page 61 ---
53
case may be. Interest accrued on a Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date 
shall be payable on redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Note or 
Certificate representing it, as the case may be.
(g)
Talons
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued in 
respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if 
necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have 
become void pursuant to Condition 9).
(h)
Non-Business Days
If any date for payment in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a business day, the holder 
shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other sum 
in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the 
relevant place of presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” 
hereon and:
(i)
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by 
transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign 
exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such currency or
(ii)
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day.
8
Taxation
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Relevant Issuer or (where applicable) the 
Guarantor in respect of the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons or (as the case may be) under the Guarantee 
shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within the 
jurisdiction of the country of incorporation of the Relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, of the Guarantor or 
any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
In that event, the Relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor shall pay such additional amounts as 
shall result in receipt by the Noteholders and Couponholders of such amounts as would have been received by 
them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be 
payable with respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon:
(a)
Other connection
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of his having some 
connection with the jurisdiction of the country of incorporation of the Relevant Issuer or, in the case of 
payments by the Guarantor, of the Guarantor other than the mere holding of the Note, Receipt or 
Coupon; or
(b)
Lawful avoidance of withholding
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who could lawfully avoid (but has not so avoided) such 
deduction or withholding by complying or procuring that any third party complies with any statutory

--- Page 62 ---
54
requirements or by making or procuring that any third party makes a declaration of non-residence or 
other similar claim for exemption to any tax authority in the place where the relevant Note (or the 
Certificate representing it), Receipt or Coupon is presented for payment; or
(c)
Withholding Tax Act 2021
in respect of any tax withheld or deducted pursuant to the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet 
bronbelasting 2021); or
(d)
Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date
presented (or in respect of which the Certificate representing it is presented) for payment more than 30 
days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder of it would have been entitled to such 
additional amounts on presenting it for payment on the thirtieth day.
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon means the date on 
which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly 
withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the 
date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of 
the Note (or relative Certificate), Receipt or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such 
payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. References in these 
Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, all 
Instalment Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption 
Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to 
Condition 6, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable 
pursuant to Condition 5 and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be deemed to include any additional 
amounts that may be payable under this Condition or any undertaking given in addition to or in substitution 
for it under the Trust Deed.
9
Prescription
Claims against the Relevant Issuer and/or (where applicable) the Guarantor for payment in respect of the 
Notes, Receipts and Coupons (which, for this purpose, shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and 
become void unless made within 10 years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from 
the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them.
10
Events of Default
If any of the following events (“Events of Default”) occurs and is continuing, the Trustee at its discretion 
may, and if so requested by holders of at least one-quarter in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding or 
if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution shall, give notice to the Issuer that the Notes are, and they shall 
immediately become, due and payable at their Early Redemption Amount together with accrued interest:
(a)
Non-Payment
default is made for more than 14 days (in the case of interest) or seven days (in the case of principal) in 
the payment on the due date of interest or principal in respect of any of the Notes or
(b)
Breach of Other Obligations
the Issuer or (where applicable) the Guarantor does not perform or comply with any one or more of its 
other obligations under the Notes or (as the case may be) the Trust Deed which default is incapable of 
remedy or, if in the opinion of the Trustee capable of remedy, is not in the opinion of the Trustee

--- Page 63 ---
55
remedied within 30 days after notice of such default shall have been given to the Issuer or the 
Guarantor as the case may be by the Trustee or
(c)
Cross-Acceleration
(A) any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer or (where applicable) the Guarantor or any of 
the Material Subsidiaries for or in respect of moneys borrowed (“Indebtedness”) becomes due and 
payable prior to its stated maturity by reason of any event of default (howsoever described), or (B) any 
amount of principal under any Indebtedness is not paid at the stated final maturity date thereof or, as 
the case may be, within any applicable grace period, or (C) the Issuer or (where applicable) the 
Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries fails to pay when due any amount payable 
by it under any present or future guarantee for, or indemnity in respect of, any such Indebtedness 
unless in each case where (i) the aggregate amount of the relevant Indebtedness, guarantees and
indemnities in respect of which one or more of the events mentioned above in this paragraph (c) have 
occurred is less than €200,000,000 or its equivalent (as reasonably determined by the Trustee (on the 
basis of the middle spot rate for the relevant currency against the euro as quoted by any leading bank 
on the day on which this paragraph operates), (ii) any such Indebtedness, guarantees and indemnities 
in respect of which one or more of the events mentioned above in this paragraph (c) is owed to a 
shareholder of a Material Subsidiary which Material Subsidiary is not directly or indirectly wholly-
owned by Airbus or (iii) the Issuer, the Guarantor or such Material Subsidiary, as the case may be, is 
disputing in good faith before a competent court or by other appropriate proceedings that any such 
Indebtedness is due and payable or that such guarantee or indemnity is due and callable, in which case 
such event shall not constitute an event of default hereunder so long as the dispute shall not have been 
irrevocably adjudicated or
(d)
Insolvency
any of the Issuer or (where applicable) the Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries is 
(or is, or could be, deemed by law or a court to be) insolvent or bankrupt or unable to pay its debts, 
stops, or suspends payment of all or a material part of (or of a particular type of) its debts, proposes or 
makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of the relevant 
creditors in respect of any of such debts or a moratorium is agreed or declared in respect of or affecting 
all or any part of (or of a particular type of) the debts of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their 
respective Material Subsidiaries or
(e)
Winding-up
an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer or 
(where applicable) the Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries, or the Issuer or 
(where applicable) the Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries cease to carry on all 
or a substantial part of its business or operations, in each case except for the purpose of and followed 
by a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation (i) on terms approved by 
the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the Noteholders or (ii) 
in the case of a Material Subsidiary, whereby the undertaking and assets of the Material Subsidiary are 
transferred to or otherwise vested in the Issuer or (where applicable) the Guarantor (as the case may 
be) or another of their respective Subsidiaries or, if in the case of any transfer or disposal to a third 
party, such transfer or disposal is carried out on an arms’ length basis for fair value or
(f)
Ownership
the Issuer (other than Airbus) ceases to be directly or indirectly wholly-owned and controlled by the 
Guarantor or

--- Page 64 ---
56
(g)
Analogous Events
any event occurs that under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an analogous effect to any of the 
events referred to in any of the foregoing paragraphs or
(h)
Guarantee
the Guarantee is not (or is claimed by the Guarantor not to be) in full force and effect,
provided that in the case of paragraphs (b), (c) and (e) to (g) the Trustee shall have certified that in its opinion 
such event is materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders.
11
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution
(a)
Meetings of Noteholders
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider any matter 
affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust 
Deed) of a modification of any of these Conditions or any provisions of the Trust Deed. Such a 
meeting may be convened by Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding. The quorum for any meeting convened to consider an 
Extraordinary Resolution shall be two or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two or more 
persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes held or 
represented, unless the business of such meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter alia, (i) to 
amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes, any Instalment Date or any date for payment 
of interest or Interest Amounts on the Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the nominal amount of, or any 
Instalment Amount of, or any premium payable on redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or 
rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or 
amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes, (iv) if a 
Minimum and/or a Maximum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount is shown 
hereon, to reduce any such Minimum and/or Maximum, (v) to vary any method of, or basis for, 
calculating the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption 
Amount, including the method of calculating the Amortised Face Amount, (vi) to vary the currency or 
currencies of payment or denomination of the Notes, (vii) to take any steps that as specified hereon 
may only be taken following approval by an Extraordinary Resolution to which the special quorum 
provisions apply, (viii) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of 
Noteholders or the majority required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution, (ix) to substitute any other 
person for the Guarantor, or (x) to modify or cancel the Guarantee, in which case the necessary 
quorum (the “Special Quorum”) shall be two or more persons holding or representing not less than 75 
per cent., or at any adjourned meeting not less than 25 per cent., in nominal amount of the Notes for 
the time being outstanding. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding on Noteholders 
(whether or not they were present at the meeting at which such resolution was passed) and on all 
Couponholders.
The Trust Deed provides that (i) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less 
than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding (a “Written Resolution”) or (ii) where 
the Notes are held by or on behalf of a clearing system or clearing systems, approval of a resolution 
proposed by the Issuer, Guarantor or the Trustee (as the case may be) given by way of electronic 
consents communicated through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing 
system(s) in accordance with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not

--- Page 65 ---
57
less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding (“Electronic Consent”) shall, 
in each case for all purposes (including matters that would otherwise require an Extraordinary 
Resolution to be passed at a meeting for which the Special Quorum was satisfied) be as valid and 
effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held.  
A Written Resolution may be contained in one document or several documents in like form, each 
signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. A Written Resolution and/or Electronic Consent 
will be binding on all Noteholders whether or not they participated in such Written Resolution and/or 
Electronic Consent, as the case may be.
(b)
Modification of the Trust Deed
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to (i) any 
modification of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed of a formal, minor or technical nature or to 
correct a manifest error, and (ii) any other modification (except as mentioned in the Trust Deed), and 
any waiver or authorisation, on such terms as seem expedient to it, of any breach or proposed breach, 
of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed that is in the opinion of the Trustee not materially prejudicial 
to the interests of the Noteholders. Any such waiver, modification, authorisation or determination shall 
be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and, if the Trustee so requires, such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders as soon as practicable.
(c)
Substitution
The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Trustee to agree, subject to such amendment of the 
Trust Deed and such other conditions as the Trustee may require, but without the consent of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders, to the substitution of the Relevant Issuer’s successor in business or 
any subsidiary of the Relevant Issuer or its successor in business or (where applicable) of the 
Guarantor or its successor in business or any subsidiary of the Guarantor or its successor in business in 
place of the Relevant Issuer or Guarantor, or of any previous substituted company, as principal debtor 
or Guarantor under the Trust Deed and the Notes. In the case of such a substitution the Trustee may 
agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, to a change of the law governing 
the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons, the Talons and/or the Trust Deed provided that such change 
would not in the opinion of the Trustee be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders.
(d)
Entitlement of the Trustee
In connection with the exercise of its functions (including but not limited to those referred to in this 
Condition) the Trustee shall have regard to the interests of the Noteholders as a class and shall not have 
regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual Noteholders or Couponholders and the 
Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim, 
from the Issuer or (where applicable) the Guarantor any indemnification or payment in respect of any 
tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual Noteholders or Couponholders.
12
Enforcement
At any time after the Notes become due and payable, the Trustee may, at its discretion and without further 
notice, institute such proceedings against the Relevant Issuer and/or (where applicable) the Guarantor as it 
may think fit to enforce the terms of the Trust Deed, the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons, but it need not 
take any such proceedings unless (a) it shall have been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or so 
requested in writing by Noteholders holding at least one-quarter in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding, 
and (b) it shall have been indemnified to its satisfaction. No Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder may

--- Page 66 ---
58
proceed directly against the Issuer or (where applicable) the Guarantor unless the Trustee, having become 
bound so to proceed, fails to do so within a reasonable time and such failure is continuing.
13
Indemnification of the Trustee
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility. The Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the Relevant Issuer, (where 
applicable) the Guarantor and any entity related to the Relevant Issuer or the Guarantor without accounting 
for any profit.
14
Replacement of Notes, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons and Talons
If a Note, Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority regulations, at 
the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent in Luxembourg (in the case of Bearer Notes, Receipts, 
Coupons or Talons) and of the Registrar (in the case of Certificates) or such other Paying Agent or Transfer 
Agent, as the case may be, as may from time to time be designated by the Relevant Issuer for the purpose and 
notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and 
costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may 
provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is 
subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be 
paid to the Relevant Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Notes, Certificates, 
Receipts, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Relevant Issuer may require. Mutilated or 
defaced Notes, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be 
issued.
15
Further Issues
The Relevant Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create 
and issue further securities having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects 
except for the first payment of interest on them) and so that such further issue shall be consolidated and form 
a single series with an outstanding Series. References in these Conditions to the Notes include (unless the 
context requires otherwise) any other securities issued pursuant to this Condition and forming a single series 
with the Notes.
16
Notices
Notices to the holders of Registered Notes shall be mailed to them at their respective addresses in the Register 
and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after 
the date of mailing. Such notices, so long as the Registered Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, shall also be published in a daily newspaper with general circulation in Luxembourg (which is 
expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or on the web site of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). Notices to the holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper of 
general circulation in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and so long as the Notes are 
listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, in a daily newspaper with general circulation in Luxembourg 
(which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort), or on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). If in the opinion of the Trustee any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be 
validly given if published in another leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in 
Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published 
more than once or on different dates, on the first date on which publication is made, as provided above.

--- Page 67 ---
59
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the 
holders of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition.
17
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts (Rights of 
Third Parties) Act 1999.
18
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
(a)
Governing Law
The Trust Deed, the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons, the Talons and the Guarantee and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law.
(b)
Jurisdiction
The Courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of or in 
connection with any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons or the Guarantee and accordingly any legal 
action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons or 
the Guarantee (“Proceedings”) may be brought in such courts. Each of Airbus and Airbus Finance has 
in the Trust Deed irrevocably submitted to the jurisdiction of such courts.
(c)
Service of Process
Each of Airbus and Airbus Finance has irrevocably appointed an agent in England to receive, for it and 
on its behalf, service of process in any Proceedings in England.

--- Page 68 ---
60
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM
Initial Issue of Notes
If the Global Notes or Global Certificates are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in NGN form
or the Global Certificate to be held under the NSS (as the case may be), the Global Notes or the Global 
Certificates will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Safekeeper. 
Depositing the Global Notes or the Global Certificates with the Common Safekeeper does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.
Global Notes which are issued in CGN form and Global Certificates which are not held under the NSS may 
be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Depositary.
If the Global Note is a CGN, upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with a Common Depositary or 
registration of Registered Notes in the name of any nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
delivery of the relative Global Certificate to the Common Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it 
has subscribed and paid. If the Global Note is a NGN, the nominal amount of the Notes shall be the aggregate 
amount from time to time entered in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. The records of 
such clearing system shall be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount of Notes represented by the Global 
Note and a statement issued by such clearing system at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records 
of the relevant clearing system at that time.
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary may also be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect 
accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, 
Notes that are initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing systems.
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other permitted 
clearing system as the holder of a Note represented by a Global Note or a Global Certificate must look solely 
to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such clearing system (as the case may be) for his share of each 
payment made by the Relevant Issuer (or, in the case of Guaranteed Notes, the Guarantor) to the bearer of 
such Global Note or the holder of the underlying Registered Notes, as the case may be, and in relation to all 
other rights arising under the Global Notes or Global Certificates, subject to and in accordance with the 
respective rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or such clearing system (as the case 
may be). Such persons shall have no claim directly against the Relevant Issuer in respect of payments due on 
the Notes for so long as the Notes are represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate and such 
obligations of the Relevant Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer of such Global Note or the 
holder of the underlying Registered Notes, as the case may be, in respect of each amount so paid.
Exchange
1
Temporary Global Notes
Each temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange Date:

--- Page 69 ---
61
(i)
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Global Note is issued in compliance with TEFRA C or 
in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see “General Description of the 
Programme – U.S. TEFRA Compliance”), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Notes defined 
and described below and
(ii)
otherwise, in whole or in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form set 
out in the Agency Agreement for interests in a permanent Global Note or, if so provided in the 
relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes.
Each temporary Global Note that is also an Exchangeable Bearer Note will be exchangeable for Registered 
Notes in accordance with the Conditions in addition to any permanent Global Note or Definitive Notes for 
which it may be exchangeable and, before its Exchange Date, will also be exchangeable in whole or in part 
for Registered Notes only.
2
Permanent Global Notes
Each permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange Date 
in whole but not, except as provided under “Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes”, in part for 
Definitive Notes or, in the case of 2(i) below, Registered Notes:
(i)
if the permanent Global Note is an Exchangeable Bearer Note, by the holder giving notice to the 
Issuing and Paying Agent of its election to exchange the whole or a part of such Global Note for 
Registered Notes; and
(ii)
otherwise, if the permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or any other clearing system (an “Alternative Clearing System”) and any such clearing system is 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or 
otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so.
3
Permanent Global Certificates
If the Final Terms states that the Notes are to be represented by a permanent Global Certificate on issue, the 
following will apply in respect of transfers of Notes held in Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or an 
Alternative Clearing System. These provisions will not prevent the trading of interests in the Notes within a 
clearing system whilst they are held on behalf of such clearing system, but will limit the circumstances in 
which the Notes may be withdrawn from the relevant clearing system.
Transfers of the holding of Notes represented by any Global Certificate pursuant to Condition 2(b) may only 
be made in part:
(i)
if the relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by 
reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease business 
or does in fact do so; or
(ii)
with the consent of the Relevant Issuer and, if applicable, the Guarantor
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to 3(i) above, the Registered Holder 
has given the Registrar not less than 30 days’ notice at its specified office of the Registered Holder’s intention 
to effect such transfer.
Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes
For so long as a permanent Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system and the rules of that clearing 
system permit, such permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in part on one or more occasions for

--- Page 70 ---
62
Registered Notes if the permanent Global Note is an Exchangeable Bearer Note and the part submitted for 
exchange is to be exchanged for Registered Notes.
Delivery of Notes
If the Global Note is a CGN, on or after any due date for exchange the holder of a Global Note may surrender 
such Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to or to the order of the 
Issuing and Paying Agent. In exchange for any Global Note, or the part thereof to be exchanged, the Relevant 
Issuer will (i) in the case of a temporary Global Note exchangeable for a permanent Global Note, deliver, or 
procure the delivery of, a permanent Global Note in an aggregate nominal amount equal to that of the whole 
or that part of a temporary Global Note that is being exchanged or, in the case of a subsequent exchange, 
endorse, or procure the endorsement of, a permanent Global Note to reflect such exchange, (ii) in the case of a 
Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes or Registered Notes, deliver, or procure the delivery of, an 
equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Notes and/or Certificates, as 
the case may be or (iii) if the Global Note is a NGN, procure that details of such exchange be entered pro rata
in the records of the relevant clearing system. In this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, “Definitive 
Notes” means, in relation to any Global Note, the definitive Bearer Notes for which such Global Note may be 
exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons and Receipts in respect of interest or 
Instalment Amounts that have not already been paid on the Global Note and a Talon). Definitive Notes will be 
security printed and Certificates will be printed in accordance with any applicable legal and stock exchange 
requirements in or substantially in the form set out in the Schedules to the Trust Deed. On exchange in full of 
each permanent Global Note, the Issuer will, if the holder so requests, procure that it is cancelled and returned 
to the holder together with the relevant Definitive Notes.
Exchange Date
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a temporary Global Note, the day falling after the expiry of 40 days 
after its issue date and, in relation to a permanent Global Note, a day falling not less than 60 days, or in the 
case of an exchange for Registered Notes five days, or in the case of failure to pay principal in respect of any 
Notes when due 30 days, after that on which the notice requiring exchange is given and on which banks are 
open for business in the city in which the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent is located and in the 
city in which the relevant clearing system is located.
Legends
The following legend will appear on all bearer Global Notes, Definitive Notes, Coupons, Receipts and Talons:
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code.”
The sections referred to provide that a United States person who holds a bearer Note, Coupon, Receipt or 
Talon will generally not be allowed to deduct any loss realised on the sale, exchange or redemption of such 
Note, Coupon, Receipt or Talon and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment of any gain on the sale, 
disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Note, Coupon, Receipt or Talon.
Transfers
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.

--- Page 71 ---
63
Amendment to Conditions
The temporary Global Notes, permanent Global Notes and Global Certificates contain provisions that apply to 
the Notes that they represent, some of which modify the effect of the terms and conditions of the Notes set out 
in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions:
Payments
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any temporary Global Note unless exchange 
for an interest in a permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes or Registered Notes is improperly withheld 
or refused. Payments on any temporary Global Note issued in compliance with TEFRA D before the 
Exchange Date will only be made against presentation of certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in 
the form set out in the Agency Agreement. All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Note in 
CGN form will be made against presentation for endorsement and, if no further payment falls to be made in 
respect of the Notes, surrender of that Global Note to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent or such 
other Paying Agent as shall have been notified to the Noteholders for such purpose. If the Global Note is a 
CGN, a record of each payment so made will be endorsed on each Global Note, which endorsement will be 
prima facie evidence that such payment has been made in respect of the Notes. If the Global Note is a NGN
or, if the Global Certificate is held under the NSS, the Issuer shall procure that details of each such payment 
shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system and, in the case of payments of 
principal, the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the relevant clearing system and 
represented by the Global Note or the Global Certificate will be reduced accordingly. Payments under a NGN 
will be made to its holder. Each payment so made will discharge the Issuer’s obligations in respect thereof. 
Any failure to make the entries in the records of the relevant clearing system shall not affect such discharge.
For the purpose of any payments made in respect of a Global Note, the relevant place of presentation shall be 
disregarded in the definition of “business day” set out in Condition 7(h) (Non-Business Days). 
All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Certificate will be made to, or to the order of, the 
person whose name is entered on the Register at the close of business on record date which shall be on the 
Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to the date for payment (the “Record Date”), where 
Clearing System Business Day means Monday to Friday inclusive except 25 December and 1 January.
Prescription
Claims against the Relevant Issuer in respect of Notes that are represented by a permanent Global Note will 
become void unless it is presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and 5 
years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8).
Meetings
The holder of a permanent Global Note or of the Notes represented by a Global Certificate shall (unless such 
permanent Global Note or Global Certificate represents only one Note) be treated as being two persons for the 
purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of Noteholders and, at any such meeting, the holder of a 
permanent Global Note shall be treated as having one vote in respect of each integral currency unit of the 
Specified Currency of the Notes. (All holders of Registered Notes are entitled to one vote in respect of each 
integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Notes comprising such Noteholder’s holding, whether 
or not represented by a Global Certificate.)

--- Page 72 ---
64
Cancellation
Cancellation of any Note represented by a permanent Global Note that is required by the Conditions to be 
cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the nominal amount of the relevant 
permanent Global Note.
Purchase
Notes represented by a permanent Global Note may only be purchased by the Relevant Issuer, (in the case of 
Guaranteed Notes, the Guarantor) or any of their respective subsidiaries if they are purchased together with 
the rights to receive all future payments of interest and Instalment Amounts (if any) thereon.
Issuer’s Option
Any option of the Relevant Issuer provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a permanent Global Note shall be exercised by the Relevant Issuer giving notice to the Trustee 
and Noteholders within the time limits set out in and containing the information required by the Conditions, 
except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of Notes drawn in the case of a 
partial exercise of an option and accordingly no drawing of Notes shall be required. In the event that any 
option of the Relevant Issuer is exercised in respect of some but not all of the Notes of any Series, the rights 
of accountholders with a clearing system in respect of the Notes will be governed by the standard procedures 
of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) or any other 
Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be).
Noteholders’ Options
Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are represented 
by a permanent Global Note may be exercised by the holder of the permanent Global Note giving notice to 
the Issuing and Paying Agent within the time limits relating to the deposit of Notes with a Paying Agent set 
out in the Conditions substantially in the form of the notice available from any Paying Agent, except that the 
notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of the Notes in respect of which the option has been 
exercised, and stating the nominal amount of Notes in respect of which the option is exercised and at the same 
time, where the permanent Global Note is a CGN, presenting the permanent Global Note to the Paying Agent 
for notation. Where the Global Note is a NGN or where the Global Certificate is held under the NSS, the 
Issuer shall procure that details of such exercise shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant 
clearing system and the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in those records will be reduced accordingly.
NGN nominal amount
Where the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, cancellation, exercise 
of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, shall be entered in the records of the relevant 
clearing systems and upon any such entry being made, the nominal amount of the Notes represented by such 
Global Note shall be adjusted accordingly.
Trustee’s Powers
In considering the interests of Noteholders while any Global Note is held on behalf of, or Registered Notes 
are registered in the name of any nominee for, a clearing system, the Trustee may have regard to any

--- Page 73 ---
65
information provided to it by such clearing system or its operator as to the identity (either individually or by 
category) of its accountholders with entitlements to such Global Note or Registered Notes and may consider 
such interests as if such accountholders were the holders of the Notes represented by such Global Note or 
Global Certificate.
Notices
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note and such Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing 
system, notices to the holders of Notes of that Series may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to that 
clearing system for communication by it to entitled accountholders in substitution for publication as required 
by the Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to the holder of the Global Note, except that so long as 
the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that exchange so require, notices 
shall also be published in a leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected 
to be the Luxemburger Wort) or on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution
While any Global Note is held on behalf of or any Global Certificate is registered in the name of any nominee 
for a clearing system, then: 
(a)
the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Trustee shall be entitled to rely upon approval of a resolution 
proposed by the Issuer or the Trustee (as the case may be) given by way of electronic consents 
communicated through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) 
in accordance with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less 
than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding (an “Electronic Consent” as 
defined in the Trust Deed); and 
(b)
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written 
Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) has been validly passed, the Issuer, the Guarantor and 
the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the 
Issuer and/or the Guarantor and/or the Trustee, as the case may be, by (i) accountholders in the 
clearing system with entitlements to such Global Note or Global Certificate and/or, (ii) where the 
accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent from or 
written instruction by the person identified by that accountholder as the person for whom such 
entitlement is held. For the purpose of establishing the entitlement to give any such consent or 
instruction, the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on any certificate or 
other document issued by, in the case of (i) above, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
other relevant alternative clearing system (the “relevant clearing system”) and, in the case of (ii) 
above, the relevant clearing system and the accountholder identified by the relevant clearing 
system for the purposes of (ii) above. Any resolution passed in such manner shall be binding on 
all Noteholders and Couponholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be 
defective. Any such certificate or other document may comprise any form of statement or print 
out of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system (including Euroclear’s 
EUCLID or Clearstream, Luxembourg’s CreationOnline system) in accordance with its usual 
procedures and in which the accountholder of a particular principal or nominal amount of the 
Notes is clearly identified together with the amount of such holding. None of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the Trustee shall be liable to any person by reason of having accepted as valid or 
not having rejected any certificate or other document to such effect purporting to be issued by any 
such person and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic.

--- Page 74 ---
66
A Written Resolution and/or Electronic Consent shall take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution. A Written 
Resolution and/or Electronic Consent will be binding on all Noteholders and holders of Coupons, Talons and 
Receipts, whether or not they participated in such Written Resolution and/or Electronic Consent.

--- Page 75 ---
67
USE OF PROCEEDS
The net proceeds from the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be applied by the relevant Issuer for general 
corporate purposes. 
If, in respect of any particular issue there is a particular identified use of proceeds other than as described 
above, this will be stated in the relevant section of the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 76 ---
68
DESCRIPTION OF AIRBUS AND AIRBUS FINANCE
For a general description of Airbus and Airbus Finance, their activities and their financial condition, please 
refer to the cross-reference tables appearing in the section “Documents Incorporated by Reference” of this 
Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus. Please note that where information has been sourced from a third party
in Airbus’ 2020 Registration Document, Airbus confirms that this information has been accurately reproduced 
and that as far as Airbus is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by that third party, no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.
In addition, please also refer to the following information relating to Airbus Finance:
Airbus Finance 
- legal form: private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid);
- legislation under which the Issuer operates: the laws of The Netherlands;
- registered with the Dutch trade register of the Chamber of Commerce (Handelsregister van de Kamer van 
Koophandel) under number: 34182495;
- legal entity identifier (LEI): 529900M7QSB704RUUT95;
- website: https://www.airbus.com/;
- telephone number of its registered office: +31 71 524 56 00;
- members of the Board of Directors:
Jean-Baptiste Pons
Principal function in the Issuer: Director
Principal function outside the Issuer:  Head of Treasury at Airbus 
Address: Mendelweg 30, 2333 CS Leiden, The Netherlands
Christian Masson
Principal function in the Issuer: Director
Principal function outside the Issuer: Head of Funding at Airbus 
Address: Mendelweg 30, 2333 CS Leiden, The Netherlands.
C.C. Kohl
Principal function in the Issuer: Director
Principal function outside the Issuer: Financial Officer at Airbus Ventures
Address: Mendelweg 30, 2333 CS Leiden, The Netherlands

--- Page 77 ---
69
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS FOR AIRBUS 
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP 
Cross Towers
Antonio Vivaldistraat 150
1083 HP Amsterdam
The Netherlands 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS FOR AIRBUS FINANCE
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP 
Cross Towers
Antonio Vivaldistraat 150
1083 HP Amsterdam
The Netherlands

--- Page 78 ---
70
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS
In relation to Airbus, please refer to (i) the Airbus 2020 Registration Document incorporated by reference in this 
Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, and in particular to the section entitled "Recent Developments" located on 
page 95 of Airbus' 2020 Registration Document and (ii) the Airbus Interims, each incorporated by reference in this 
Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus.
Furthermore, Airbus has published the following press releases: 
"Airbus announces changes to the Executive Committee
Toulouse, 12 April 2021 – Airbus SE (stock exchange symbol: AIR) is announcing the following changes to the 
Executive Committee led by Chief Executive Officer Guillaume Faury, following approval from the Board of 
Directors. 
These changes come at a new juncture for both commercial aviation and defence activities, with the 
decarbonisation of the aviation sector becoming a central ambition for our industry, and strategic European defence 
programmes entering their development phase.
The following changes will be effective from 1st July 2021:
•
After more than five years in his role as CEO Airbus Defence and Space and as member of the Airbus 
Executive Committee, Dirk Hoke has decided to pursue opportunities outside the Company.
•
Dirk will be succeeded by Michael Schoellhorn, who joined Airbus in February 2019 as Chief Operating 
Officer and member of the Airbus Executive Committee;
•
Michael will be succeeded by Alberto Gutiérrez, currently Executive Vice President Military Aircraft and 
member of the Airbus Defence and Space Executive Committee since January 2019;
•
Alberto will be succeeded by Jean-Brice Dumont, currently Executive Vice President Engineering and 
member of the Airbus Executive Committee since April 2019;
•
Jean-Brice will be succeeded by Sabine Klauke, currently Executive Vice President Engineering, Airbus 
Defence and Space and member of the Airbus Defence and Space Executive Committee, a position she has held 
since July 2018;
•
Grazia Vittadini, currently CTO and member of the Airbus Executive Committee since May 2018 has 
decided to leave the company to pursue other opportunities after more than 19 years at Airbus. Sabine Klauke 
will take over this responsibility in addition to her new role as Executive Vice President Engineering;
•
The succession of Sabine as Executive Vice President Engineering, Airbus Defence and Space will be 
subject to further notice.
"As we emerge from COVID-19 and look forward to the next phases in the development of our civil and military 
activities, we are making important changes to the leadership team. I warmly thank Dirk for his leadership at the 
helm of Defence and Space over the last five years and the achievements obtained under his watch. I also want to 
sincerely thank Grazia for her key contributions and personal engagement over the last years. I wish them both all 
the best in their future endeavours,” said Guillaume Faury, Airbus CEO.
“I'm now very pleased to welcome Alberto and Sabine to the Airbus Executive Committee, while Michael and 
Jean-Brice will take on key responsibilities in Airbus Defence and Space. These changes will allow us to further 
address our challenges and deliver on our ambitions, as well as increasing the "Team Airbus" dynamic with deeper 
collaboration between our different businesses and functions across borders."
More information regarding the Airbus top management members mentioned in this press release is available at 
this link: https://www.airbus.com/company/corporate-governance/executive-and-operational-committees.html" 
***

--- Page 79 ---
71
"Airbus to transform its European set-up in aerostructures
Toulouse, 21 April 2021 – Airbus has provided more details to its social partners during a European Works 
Council (SE-WC) meeting about the Company’s ongoing assessment of its industrial set-up in Europe, notably 
regarding aerostructures activities in France and Germany.
Airbus has reaffirmed its intention to build a stronger aerostructures assembly value chain across its industrial 
system to its social partners, and considers aerostructures assembly as core to its business. Airbus presented its 
plans to create two integrated aerostructures assembly companies at the heart of its industrial system in order to 
reinforce its value stream management and prepare the Company for its short- and long-term future.
As part of these plans, and upon successful completion of the ongoing social process, the new company in France 
would bring together the activities currently managed within Airbus in Saint-Nazaire and Nantes together with 
those of STELIA Aerospace worldwide. Another company in Germany would bring the activities of Stade and 
Structure Assembly of Hamburg together with those of Premium AEROTEC in Nordenham, Bremen and partly in 
Augsburg, while rebalancing activities towards the upper part of the value chain and reviewing its involvement in 
the manufacturing of detail parts.
These two new aerostructures assembly companies, both wholly owned by Airbus, would no longer be suppliers to 
Airbus but become integrated within the Airbus perimeter, simplifying both governance and interfaces in a new 
industrial setup. Their distinct status would also enable them to focus on their industry segment and be leaner and 
more agile, fostering competitiveness, innovation and quality to the benefit of the Airbus programmes of today and 
tomorrow.
Airbus also intends to create a new global player in the detail parts business, anchored in Germany. Born out of 
today’s Premium AEROTEC, this new entity, with its scale and advanced technologies, would be empowered to 
capitalise on the significant long-term growth prospects with Airbus as well as external customers, on both civil 
and military platforms.
In Spain, Airbus continues to work on solutions with its social partners to optimise the current industrial and 
aerostructures set-up in the Cádiz area in order to ensure its viability, resilience and competitiveness for the future."
***
"Airbus provides suppliers with an update on production plans
Toulouse, 27 May 2021 – Airbus continues to expect the commercial aircraft market to recover to pre-COVID 
levels between 2023 and 2025, led by the single-aisle segment. The Company is therefore providing suppliers with 
an update of its production plans, giving visibility in order to schedule necessary investments and secure long term 
capacity and production rate readiness, in line with the expected recovery.
“The aviation sector is beginning to recover from the COVID-19 crisis”, said Guillaume Faury, Airbus CEO. “The 
message to our supplier community provides visibility to the entire industrial ecosystem to secure the necessary 
capabilities and be ready when market conditions call for it. In parallel, we are transforming our industrial system 
by optimising our aerostructures set-up and modernising our A320 Family production facilities. All these actions 
are set in motion to prepare our future.”
A320 Family: Airbus confirms an average A320 Family production rate of 45 aircraft per month in Q4 2021 and 
calls on suppliers to prepare for the future by securing a firm rate of 64 by Q2 2023. In anticipation of a continued 
recovering market, Airbus is also asking suppliers to enable a scenario of rate 70 by Q1 2024. Longer term, Airbus 
is investigating opportunities for rates as high as 75 by 2025.
A220 Family: Currently at around rate five aircraft per month from Mirabel and Mobile, the rate is confirmed to 
rise to around six in early 2022. Airbus is also envisaging a monthly production rate of 14 by the middle of the 
decade. 
A350 Family: Currently at an average production rate of five per month, this is expected to increase to six by 
autumn 2022. 
A330 Family: Production remains at an average monthly production rate of two per month.
Airbus is protecting its ability to further adapt as the market evolves."
***

--- Page 80 ---
72
"Airbus shareholders approve all AGM 2021 resolutions
Amsterdam, 14 April 2021 – Shareholders approved all resolutions proposed at Airbus SE’s (stock exchange 
symbol: AIR) 2021 Annual General Meeting (AGM), including the renewal of the Board mandate of Chairman 
René Obermann. The Board mandates of Amparo Moraleda, Victor Chu and Jean-Pierre Clamadieu were also 
renewed.
Following the AGM’s approval of his Board mandate, René Obermann was formally reappointed Chairman at a 
Board meeting held after the shareholder meeting. 
At the same Board meeting, Amparo Moraleda was reappointed Chair of the Remuneration, Nomination and 
Governance Committee while Jean-Pierre Clamadieu was reappointed Chairman of the Ethics, Compliance and 
Sustainability Committee. Separately, Catherine Guillouard remains Chair of the Audit Committee.
Due to the continuation of the COVID-19 pandemic and to prioritise health and safety, shareholders were 
encouraged to vote by proxy instead of attending the meeting physically in Amsterdam.
Shareholders showed a high level of engagement, with 549 million votes expressed, representing around 70% of 
the outstanding share capital."
***
" Airbus reports Half-Year (H1) 2021 results
●
297 commercial aircraft delivered in H1 2021
●
H1 financials reflect deliveries as well as continued efforts on cost containment and competitiveness
●
Revenues € 24.6 billion; EBIT Adjusted € 2.7 billion
●
EBIT (reported) € 2.7 billion; EPS (reported) 2.84
●
Free cash flow before M&A and customer financing € 2.1 billion
●
Focus on securing A320 Family ramp-up and transforming the industrial value chain
●
Board of Directors approval for A350 freighter derivative 
●
2021 guidance updated
Amsterdam, 29 July 2021 – Airbus SE (stock exchange symbol: AIR) reported consolidated financial results for 
the Half-Year (H1) ended 30 June 2021.
“These half-year results reflect the commercial aircraft deliveries, our focus on cost containment and 
competitiveness, and the good performance in Helicopters and Defence and Space. Although the COVID-19 
pandemic continues, the numerous actions taken by the teams have delivered a strong H1 performance. This 
enables us to raise our 2021 guidance although we continue to face an unpredictable environment,” said Airbus 
Chief Executive Officer Guillaume Faury. “We are now working to secure the A320 Family ramp up while 
transforming the industrial set up. Furthermore and following Board approval, we are enhancing our product line 
with an A350 freighter derivative, responding to customer feedback for increased competition and efficiency in this 
market segment.”
Gross commercial aircraft orders totalled 165 (H1 2020: 365 aircraft) with net orders of 38 aircraft after 
cancellations (H1 2020: 298 aircraft). The order backlog was 6,925 commercial aircraft on 30 June 2021. Airbus 
Helicopters booked 123 net orders (H1 2020: 75 units), including 10 helicopters of the Super Puma Family. Airbus 
Defence and Space’s order intake by value was € 3.5 billion (H1 2020: € 5.6 billion).
Consolidated revenues increased 30 percent year-on-year to € 24.6 billion (H1 2020: € 18.9 billion), mainly 
reflecting the higher number of commercial aircraft deliveries compared to H1 2020. A total of 297 commercial 
aircraft were delivered (H1 2020: 196 aircraft), comprising 21 A220s, 237 A320 Family, 7 A330s, 30 A350s and 2 
A380s. Revenues generated by Airbus’ commercial aircraft activities increased 42 percent, largely reflecting the 
increased deliveries. Airbus Helicopters delivered 115 units (H1 2020: 104 units) with revenues up 11 percent 
reflecting growth in services and higher volume in civil helicopters. Revenues at Airbus Defence and Space were 
broadly stable compared to a year earlier, with two A400M military airlifters delivered in H1 2021.

--- Page 81 ---
73
Consolidated EBIT Adjusted – an alternative performance measure and key indicator capturing the underlying 
business margin by excluding material charges or profits caused by movements in provisions related to 
programmes, restructuring or foreign exchange impacts as well as capital gains/losses from the disposal and 
acquisition of businesses – was € 2,703 million (H1 2020: € -945 million).
The EBIT Adjusted related to Airbus’ commercial aircraft activities totalled € 2,291 million (H1 2020: € -1,307 
million), mainly driven by the delivery performance and the Company’s focus on cost containment and 
competitiveness. 
Airbus Helicopters’ EBIT Adjusted increased to € 183 million (H1 2020: € 152 million), driven by services, 
programme execution and lower Research & Development (R&D) spending.
EBIT Adjusted at Airbus Defence and Space increased to € 229 million (H1 2020: € 186 million), mainly reflecting 
the Division’s ongoing cost containment and competitiveness efforts as well as increased volume in Space 
Systems. 
Consolidated self-financed R&D expenses totalled € 1,262 million (H1 2020: € 1,396 million).
Consolidated EBIT (reported) amounted to € 2,727 million (H1 2020: € -1,559 million), including net 
Adjustments of € +24 million. 
These Adjustments comprised: 
●
€ +145 million related to the A380 programme, of which € +174 million were booked in Q2;
●
€ -170 million related to the dollar pre-delivery payment mismatch and balance sheet revaluation, of which € 
+7 million were in Q2;
●
€ +49 million of other Adjustments, including compliance costs, of which € +75 million were in Q2.   
The financial result was € -30 million (H1 2020: € -429 million). It mainly reflects the net interest result of € -172 
million partly offset by the evolution of the US dollar as well as € +79 million related to the revaluation of the 
Dassault Aviation equity stake. Consolidated net income(1) was € 2,231 million (H1 2020 net loss: € -1,919 
million) with consolidated reported earnings per share of € 2.84 (H1 2020 loss per share: € -2.45).
Consolidated free cash flow before M&A and customer financing improved to € 2,051 million (H1 2020: € -
12,440 million), in line with the earnings performance. It also included a positive phasing impact from the timing 
of receipts and payments. Consolidated free cash flow was € 2,012 million (H1 2020: € -12,876 million).
The gross cash position stood at € 21.4 billion on 30 June 2021 (year-end 2020: € 21.4 billion) after the 
redemption of a € 1.1 billion exchangeable bond and prepayment of a $1 billion US bond, further improving 
leverage ratios in support of the Company’s robust credit ratings. The consolidated net cash position was € 6.5 
billion on 30 June 2021 (year-end 2020: € 4.3 billion). The Company’s liquidity position remains strong, standing 
at € 33.7 billion at the end of June 2021. 
Outlook
As the basis for its 2021 guidance, the Company assumes no further disruptions to the world economy, air traffic, 
the Company’s internal operations, and its ability to deliver products and services.
The Company’s 2021 guidance is before M&A.
On that basis, the Company has updated its 2021 guidance and now targets to achieve in 2021 around:
●
600 commercial aircraft deliveries;
●
EBIT Adjusted of € 4 billion;
●
Free Cash Flow before M&A and Customer Financing of € 2 billion.
Footnotes:
1)
Airbus SE continues to use the term Net Income/Loss. It is identical to Profit/Loss for the period attributable to 
equity owners of the parent as defined by IFRS Rules.

--- Page 82 ---
74
Safe Harbour Statement:
This press release includes forward-looking statements. Words such as “anticipates”, “believes”, “estimates”, 
“expects”, “intends”, “plans”, “projects”, “may” and similar expressions are used to identify these forward-looking 
statements. Examples of forward-looking statements include statements made about strategy, ramp-up and delivery 
schedules, introduction of new products and services and market expectations, as well as statements regarding future 
performance and outlook.
By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to future events and 
circumstances and there are many factors that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from 
those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
These factors include but are not limited to:
▪
Changes in general economic, political or market conditions, including the cyclical nature of some of Airbus’ 
businesses; 
▪
Significant disruptions in air travel (including as a result of the spread of disease or terrorist attacks);
▪
Currency exchange rate fluctuations, in particular between the Euro and the U.S. dollar;
▪
The successful execution of internal performance plans, including cost reduction and productivity efforts;
▪
Product performance risks, as well as programme development and management risks;
▪
Customer, supplier and subcontractor performance or contract negotiations, including financing issues;
▪
Competition and consolidation in the aerospace and defence industry;
▪
Significant collective bargaining labour disputes;
▪
The outcome of political and legal processes, including the availability of government financing for certain 
programmes and the size of defence and space procurement budgets;
▪
Research and development costs in connection with new products;
▪
Legal, financial and governmental risks related to international transactions;
▪
Legal and investigatory proceedings and other economic, political and technological risks and uncertainties;
▪
The full impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting health and economic crisis.
As a result, Airbus SE’s actual results may differ materially from the plans, goals and expectations set forth in such 
forward-looking statements.
For more information about the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, see Note 2 “Impact of the COVID-19 
pandemic” of the Notes to the Airbus SE Unaudited Condensed Interim IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements for 
the six-month period ended 30 June 2021. For more information about factors that could cause future results to 
differ from such forward-looking statements, see Airbus SE’s annual reports, including its 2020 Universal 
Registration Document and the most recent Risk Factors.
Any forward-looking statement contained in this press release speaks as of the date of this press release. Airbus SE 
undertakes no obligation to publicly revise or update any forward-looking statements in light of new information, 
future events or otherwise.
Rounding
Due to rounding, numbers presented may not add up precisely to the totals provided and percentages may not 
precisely reflect the absolute figures."

--- Page 83 ---
75
TAXATION
THE NETHERLANDS
The following summary of certain Dutch taxation matters is based on the laws and practice in force a of 
the date of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus and is subject to any changes in law and the 
interpretation and application thereof, which changes could have retroactive effect. The following 
summary neither purports to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations that may be 
relevant to a decision to acquire, hold or dispose of a Note, nor purports to deal with the tax 
consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which may be subject to special rules.
Save as otherwise indicated, this overview only addresses the position of investors who for tax purposes 
do not have any connection with The Netherlands other than the holding of a Note.
For the purpose of the paragraph “Taxes on Income and Capital Gains” below it is assumed that a 
holder of a Note, being an individual or a non-resident entity, neither has nor will have a substantial 
interest (aanmerkelijk belang) or a deemed substantial interest, in the Relevant Issuer and that a
connected person (verbonden persoon) to the holder of a Note neither has nor will have a substantial 
interest in the Relevant Issuer. 
Generally speaking, an individual has a substantial interest in a company if (a) such individual, either 
alone or together with his partner, directly or indirectly has, or is deemed to have or (b) certain relatives 
of such individual or his partner directly or indirectly have or are deemed to have (i) the ownership of, a 
right to acquire the ownership of, or certain rights over, shares representing 5 per cent. or more of either 
the total issued and outstanding capital of such company or the issued and outstanding capital of any 
class of shares of such company, or (ii) the ownership of, or certain rights over, profit participating 
certificates (winstbewijzen) that relate to 5 per cent. or more of either the annual profit or the 
liquidation proceeds of such company. Generally, an individual has a deemed substantial interest in a 
company if (i) such individual or such individual's predecessor has disposed of or is deemed to have 
disposed of all or part of a substantial interest or (ii) such individual has transferred an enterprise in 
exchange for shares in such company, in each case, on a non-recognition basis.
Generally speaking, a non-resident entity has a substantial interest in a company if such entity, directly 
or indirectly has (i) the ownership of, a right to acquire the ownership of, or certain rights over, shares 
representing 5 per cent. or more of either the total issued and outstanding capital of such company or 
the issued and outstanding capital of any class of shares of such company, or (ii) the ownership of, or 
certain rights over, profit participating certificates (winstbewijzen) that relate to 5 per cent. or more of 
either the annual profit or the liquidation proceeds of such company. Generally, an entity holding a Note 
has a deemed substantial interest in a company if such entity has disposed of or is deemed to have 
disposed of all or part of a substantial interest on a non-recognition basis.
For the purpose of this summary, the term "entity" means a corporation as well as any other person that 
is taxable as a corporation for Dutch corporate tax purposes or would be taxable as a corporation for 
Dutch corporate tax purposes in case such corporation or other person would be or would be deemed to 
be tax resident in the Netherlands for Dutch corporate tax purposes.
Where this summary refers to a holder of a Note, an individual holding a Note or an entity holding a 
Note, such reference is restricted to an individual or entity holding legal title to as well as an economic 
interest in such Note or otherwise being regarded as owning a Note for Dutch tax purposes. It is noted 
that for purposes of Dutch income, corporate, gift and inheritance tax, assets legally owned by a third 
party such as a trustee, foundation or similar entity, may be treated as assets owned by the (deemed)

--- Page 84 ---
76
settler, grantor or similar originator or the beneficiaries in proportion to their interest in such 
arrangement.
Where this overview refers to “The Netherlands” or “Dutch” it refers only to the European part of the 
Kingdom of The Netherlands.
Investors should consult their professional advisers on the tax consequences of their acquiring, 
holding and disposing of a Note. 
Withholding Tax
All payments of principal and interest by the Relevant Issuer under the Notes can be made without 
withholding or deduction of any taxes of whatever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by The 
Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, save that:
as of 1 January 2021 Dutch withholding tax may apply on certain (deemed) payments of interest made to 
an affiliated (gelieerde) entity of the Relevant Issuer if such entity (i) is considered to be resident 
(gevestigd) in a jurisdiction that is listed in the annually updated Dutch Regulation on low-taxing states 
and non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax purposes (Regeling laagbelastende staten en niet-coöperatieve 
rechtsgebieden voor belastingdoeleinden), or (ii) has a permanent establishment located in such 
jurisdiction to which the interest is attributable, or (iii) is entitled to the interest payable for the main 
purpose or one of the main purposes to avoid taxation for another person, or (iv) is not considered to be 
the recipient of the interest in its jurisdiction of residence because such jurisdiction treats another (lower-
tier) entity as the recipient of the interest (a hybrid mismatch), or (v) is not treated as resident anywhere 
(also a hybrid mismatch), all within the meaning of the Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 
2021). If such Dutch withholding tax applies, the Relevant Issuer shall not be required to pay additional 
amounts, reference is made to Condition 8 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
Taxes on Income and Capital Gains
A holder of a Note will not be subject to Dutch taxation on income or a capital gain derived from a Note 
unless:
the holder is or is deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for the relevant tax purposes;
the income or capital gain is attributable to an enterprise or part thereof which is either effectively 
managed in The Netherlands or carried on through a permanent establishment (vaste inrichting) 
or a permanent representative (vaste vertegenwoordiger) taxable in The Netherlands and the 
holder derives profits from such enterprise (other than by way of the holding of securities); or
the holder is an individual and the income or capital gain qualifies as income from miscellaneous 
activities (belastbaar resultaat uit overige werkzaamheden) in The Netherlands as defined in the 
Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001), including, without limitation, activities that 
exceed normal, active asset management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer).
Gift and Inheritance Taxes
Dutch gift or inheritance taxes will not be levied on the occasion of the transfer of a Note by way of gift 
by, or on the death of, a holder of a Note, unless:
the holder is or is deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for the purpose of the relevant 
provisions; or

--- Page 85 ---
77
the transfer is construed as an inheritance or gift made by, or on behalf of, a person who, at the 
time of the gift or death, is or is deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for the purpose of the 
relevant provisions.
Value Added Tax
There is no Dutch value added tax payable by a holder of a Note in respect of payments in consideration 
for the issue or acquisition of a Note, payments of principal or interest under a Note or payments in 
consideration for a disposal of a Note.
Other Taxes and Duties 
There is no Dutch registration tax, stamp duty or any other similar tax or duty payable in The 
Netherlands by a holder of a Note in respect of or in connection with the acquisition, holding or disposal 
of a Note, the execution, delivery and/or enforcement by legal proceedings (including any foreign 
judgment in the courts of The Netherlands) of a Note or the performance of the Relevant Issuer's 
obligations under a Note.
Residence
A holder of a Note will not be and will not be deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for Dutch tax 
purposes and, subject to the exceptions set out above, will not otherwise become subject to Dutch 
taxation, by reason only of acquiring, holding or disposing of a Note or the execution, performance, 
delivery and/or enforcement of a Note. 
LUXEMBOURG
The comments below are intended as a basic overview of certain Luxembourg withholding tax 
consequences in relation to the purchase, ownership and disposition of the Notes under Luxembourg law 
and do not purport to be complete or exhaustive. Persons who are in any doubt as to their tax position 
should consult a professional tax adviser. This description is not intended to constitute tax or legal 
advice by the Issuer.
Withholding tax
Under Luxembourg tax law currently in effect and subject to the exception below, there is no 
Luxembourg withholding tax on payments of interest (including accrued but unpaid interest) or 
repayments of principal of the Notes.
In accordance with the law of 23 December 2005, as amended, interest payments made by Luxembourg 
paying agents to Luxembourg individual beneficial owners resident in Luxembourg are currently subject 
to a 20 per cent. withholding tax. Responsibility for withholding such tax will be assumed by the 
Luxembourg paying agent.
FATCA WITHHOLDING 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the Code, commonly known as FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” 
may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to persons 
that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements.   A number of jurisdictions 
(including The Netherlands) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which 
FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and 
IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant 
to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may

--- Page 86 ---
78
be subject to change.  Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect 
to payments on instruments such as the Notes, proposed regulations have been issued that provide that 
such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final 
regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are published in the U.S. Federal Register. In the 
preamble to the proposed regulations, the U.S. Treasury Department indicated that taxpayers may rely 
on these proposed regulations until the issuance of final regulations. Noteholders should consult their 
own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no 
person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 87 ---
79
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE
Summary of Dealer Agreement
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement 
dated 30 July 2021 (the “Dealer Agreement”) between Airbus, Airbus Finance, the Permanent Dealers 
and the Arranger, the Notes will be offered on a continuous basis by the Issuers to the Permanent 
Dealers. However, each Relevant Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to 
Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices 
related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be 
sold by the Relevant Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Relevant Issuer. The Dealer 
Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally 
underwritten by two or more Dealers.
The Relevant Issuer, failing which the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes), will pay each 
Relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed by it. Airbus has 
agreed to reimburse the Arranger for certain of its expenses incurred in connection with the 
establishment of the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the 
Programme.
The Relevant Issuer, failing which the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) and, in the case of 
Guaranteed Notes, the Guarantor have agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in 
connection with the offer and sale of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate 
any agreement that they make to subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such 
Notes being made to the Relevant Issuer.
Selling Restrictions
United States
Neither the Notes nor the Guarantee has been or will be registered under the Securities Act and may not 
be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in 
certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Accordingly, the 
Notes will be offered and sold only outside of the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act.
Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or 
deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise 
until 40 days after completion of the distribution of such Tranche as determined, and certified to the 
Relevant Issuer, by the Issuing and Paying Agent,  within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each Dealer to which it sells Notes during the 
distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and 
sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms 
used in this paragraph have meanings given to them by Regulation S.

--- Page 88 ---
80
The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on 
Regulation S.
In addition, until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the closing date of any 
Series of Notes, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any Dealer (whether or not 
participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act.
In addition, unless the applicable Final Terms or the Subscription Agreement relating to one or more 
Tranches specifies that the applicable TEFRA exemption is either “TEFRA C” or “TEFRA not 
applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed in relation to each Tranche of Notes in bearer form:
a) 
except to the extent permitted under U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor 
rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the 
Code, but excluding for such purposes, transactions that would permit resale of the Notes 
after the expiration of the restricted period to a person who is within the United States or its 
possessions or to a United States person) (“TEFRA D”), each Dealer has represented that it 
has and agreed that:
(i)
it has not offered or sold, and agrees that it will not at any time offer or sell, Notes 
to a person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United States 
person; and
(ii)
it has not delivered and shall not at any time deliver definitive Notes to a person
within the United States or its possessions;
b) 
it has and it will at all times have in effect procedures reasonably designed to ensure that its 
employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Notes in bearer form are aware that 
such Notes may not be offered or sold at any time to a person who is within the United States 
or its possessions or to a United States person, except as permitted by TEFRA D;
c) 
if it is a United States person, it is acquiring the Notes for purposes of resale in connection 
with their original issuance and if it retains Notes for its own account, it shall only do so in 
accordance with the requirements of U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163- 5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6) (or any 
successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 
4701 of the Code); and
d) 
with respect to each affiliate that acquires from it Notes for the purpose of offering or selling 
such Notes at any time, it either (i) repeats and confirms the representations contained in 
paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above on behalf of such affiliate or (ii) agreed that it shall obtain 
from such affiliate for the benefit of the Relevant Issuer the representations contained in 
paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above.
In addition, to the extent that the applicable Final Terms or the Subscription Agreement relating to one 
or more Tranches of Bearer Notes specifies that the applicable TEFRA exemption is “TEFRA C”, under 
U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially the same form that are 
applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) (“TEFRA C”), Notes in bearer form must be 
issued and delivered outside the United States and its possessions in connection with their original 
issuance. In relation to each such Tranche, each Dealer represents and agrees that it has not offered, sold 
or delivered, and shall not at any time offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, Notes in bearer form 
within the United States or its possessions in connection with their original issuance. Further, in 
connection with the original issuance of Notes in bearer form, it has not communicated, and shall not at 
any time communicate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective purchaser if either such purchaser or it

--- Page 89 ---
81
is within the United States or its possessions or otherwise involve its U.S. office in the offer or sale of 
Notes in bearer form. 
Terms used above have the meanings given to them by the Code and regulations thereunder, including 
TEFRA C and TEFRA D.
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms  in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA.  For the purposes of this provision:
(a)
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and
(b)
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, in relation to each Member State that it has not made 
and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Debt 
Issuance Programme Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that 
Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State:
(a)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation;
(b)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Relevant Issuer for any such offer; or
(c)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuers or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any 
Notes in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes.

--- Page 90 ---
82
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision, 
(a)
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of UK MiFIR; or
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation, and
(b)
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as 
‘Not Applicable’, each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK except that it may make an 
offer of such Notes to the public in the UK:
(a)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation;
(b)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Relevant Issuer for any such offer; or
(c)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Section 86 of the FSMA,
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) shall require the Issuers or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any 
Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of 
the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the 
Notes.
United Kingdom
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that:
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not

--- Page 91 ---
83
offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would 
otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Relevant Issuer or, in the 
case of Guaranteed Notes, the Guarantor;
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Relevant Issuer 
or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor; and
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK.
The Netherlands
Without prejudice to the restriction set out under Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors above, 
Zero Coupon Notes (as defined below) in definitive form issued by Airbus or by Airbus Finance may 
only be transferred and accepted, directly or indirectly, within, from or into The Netherlands through the 
mediation of either the relevant Issuer or a member firm of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. in full compliance 
with the Dutch Savings Certificates Act (Wet inzake spaarbewijzen) of 21 May 1985 (as amended) and 
its implementing regulations. No such mediation is required: (a) in respect of the transfer and acceptance 
of rights representing an interest in a Zero Coupon Note in global form, or (b) in respect of the initial 
issue of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form to the first holders thereof, or (c) in respect of the transfer 
and acceptance of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form between individuals not acting in the conduct 
of a business or profession, or (d) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of such Zero Coupon Notes 
within, from or into The Netherlands if all Zero Coupon Notes (either in definitive form or as rights 
representing an interest in a Zero Coupon Note in global form) of any particular Series are issued 
outside The Netherlands and are not distributed into The Netherlands in the course of initial distribution 
or immediately thereafter. As used herein "Zero Coupon Notes" are Notes that are in bearer form and 
that constitute a claim for a fixed sum against the relevant Issuer and on which interest does not become 
due during their tenor or on which no interest is due whatsoever.
Republic of France
Private placement in France:
Each of the Dealers represents and agrees that (i) it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, 
directly or indirectly, Notes in France to qualified investors as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus 
Regulation and (ii) it has only distributed or caused to be distributed and will only distribute or cause to 
be distributed in France, the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other 
offering material relating to the Notes, to qualified investors as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus 
Regulation.
Japan
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). 
Accordingly, each of the Dealers has represented and agreed that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered 
or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any 
resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any

--- Page 92 ---
84
corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or re-sale, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan except pursuant to an 
exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan.
Singapore
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge, that this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus has not been registered as a 
prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of 
an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or 
distribute, this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus or any other document or material in connection 
with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A 
of the SFA pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of 
the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, 
and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, 
and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:
(a)
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the 
sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by 
one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or
(b)
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of 
that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an 
offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except:
(iii)
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;
(iv)
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;
(v)
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(vi)
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or
(vii)
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018.
General
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Relevant Issuer, (in the case of 
Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor and the Dealers following a change in a relevant law, regulation or

--- Page 93 ---
85
directive. Any such modification will be set out in the Final Terms issued in respect of the issue of Notes 
to which it relates or in a supplement to this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus.
No representation is made that any action has been or will be taken in any jurisdiction that would permit 
a public offering of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of the Debt Issuance Programme 
Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action 
for that purpose is required.
Each Dealer has agreed that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has 
in its possession or distributes the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, any other offering material or 
any Final Terms and neither the Relevant Issuer, (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor nor 
any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefor.

--- Page 94 ---
11/63089067_3
86
FORM OF FINAL TERMS
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[s’/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer[s’/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for 
the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018]/[EUWA] (“UK 
MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any [person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”)][distributor] should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
[MiFID II/Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)]; (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, 
“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (as amended, the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement

--- Page 95 ---
87
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA[; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA] . Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]
[SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION - In connection with Section 309B of the Securities 
and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has 
determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the 
Notes [are] / [are not] prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) 
and [are] [Excluded] / [Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice 
on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendation on 
Investment Products.]
Final Terms dated [●]
AIRBUS SE (formerly known as Airbus Group SE)
Legal entity identifier (LEI): MINO79WLOO247M1IL051
AIRBUS FINANCE B.V. (formerly known as Airbus Group Finance B.V.)
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 529900M7QSB704RUUT95
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche][Title of notes] by [AIRBUS FINANCE B.V./ AIRBUS 
SE] [Guaranteed by AIRBUS SE]
under the €12,000,000,000
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS
The expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and amendments thereto.
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus dated 30 July 2021 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [ ] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, the “Debt Issuance 
Programme Prospectus”. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Debt Issuance Programme 
Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the 
Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms, the Conditions set forth in the 
Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus and the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus [as so supplemented]. 
The 
Debt 
Issuance 
Programme 
Prospectus
has 
been 
published 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(https://www.airbus.com/investors/hedging-and-debt-information.html)
and 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).]
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus with an earlier date.)
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [2013 Conditions]/[2014 
Conditions]/[2015 Conditions]/[2019 Conditions] (the “Conditions”) which are incorporated by reference in

--- Page 96 ---
88
the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus dated 30 July 2021. This document constitutes the Final Terms of 
the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction 
with such Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant 
information. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms, the Conditions and the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus [and the 
supplement(s) dated [ ]]. The Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus has been published on the Issuer’s 
website (https://www.airbus.com/investors/hedging-and-debt-information.html) and on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).]
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs. Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.)
1
[(i)]
Series Number:
[ ]
[(ii)]
Tranche Number:
[ ]
2
Specified Currency or Currencies:
[ ]
3
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes 
admitted to trading:
[ ]
[(i)]
Series:
[ ]
[(ii)]
Tranche:
[ ]
[(iii)]
Date on which the Notes 
will be consolidated and
form a single Series:
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, form a single 
Series and be interchangeable for trading purposes with the 
[insert amount, interest rate, maturity date and issue date of 
the Series] on [insert date/the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent Global 
Note, as referred to in paragraph 23 below [which is expected 
to occur on or about [insert date]]].]
4
Issue Price of Tranche:
[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [insert date]]
5
(i) Specified Denominations:
[ ]
        (ii) Calculation Amount:
[ ]
6
[(i)] Issue Date [and Interest 
Commencement Date]:
[ ]
7
[(ii)] Interest Commencement Date 
(if different from the Issue Date):
[ ]
8
Maturity Date:
[Fixed Rate/Zero Coupon -specify date/Floating Rate: 
Specified Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[specify month]]
9
Interest Basis:
[[   ] per cent. Fixed Rate]
[[LIBOR/ EURIBOR] +/– [    ] per cent. Floating Rate]
[Zero Coupon](Further particulars specified in paragraph 
[14]/[15]/[16])
10
Redemption Basis:
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption,

--- Page 97 ---
89
the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at 100 per 
cent. of their nominal amount.
11
Change of Interest Basis:
[Fixed Rate Note to Floating Rate Note/Floating Rate Note to 
Fixed Rate Note/ Fixed Rate Note to Zero Coupon 
Note/Floating Rate Note to Zero Coupon Note/Zero Coupon 
Note to Fixed Rate Note/Zero Coupon Note to Floating Rate 
Note]. Cross refer to paragraphs 14 to 16 as applicable)[Not 
Applicable]
12
Put/Call Options:
[Investor Put]
[Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer]
[Residual Maturity Call Option]
[Issuer Call]
[Clean-up Call Option]
[Not Applicable] 
[(further particulars specified in paragraph
[17]/[18]/[19]/[20]/[21] below)]
13
Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained:
[ ] [and [ ], respectively]
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation is 
required for the particular tranche of Notes )
[Not Applicable]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
14
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i)
Rate(s) of Interest:
[ ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date
(ii)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[ ] in each year 
(iii)
Fixed Coupon Amount(s):
[ ] per Calculation Amount
(iv)
Broken Amount(s):
[ ] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] [ ] (Insert particulars of any initial or final 
broken interest amounts which do not correspond with the 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) and the Interest Payment Date(s) to 
which they relate)
(v)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual]
[Actual/Actual – ISDA]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]
[Actual/360]
[30/360], [360/360] or [Bond Basis]
[30E/360] or [Eurobond Basis]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
[Actual/Actual-ICMA]

--- Page 98 ---
90
[Not applicable]
(vi)
Determination Dates:
[[ ] in each year][Not Applicable] (Only applicable where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such case insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon)
15
Floating Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i)
Interest Period(s):
[ ]
(ii)
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates:
[   [ ] in each year, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (v) below/, not subject to 
any adjustment[, as the Business Day Convention in (v) below 
is specified to be Not Applicable]]
(iii)
Interest Period Date:
[Not Applicable]/[[ ] in each year [, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set out in (v) 
below/, not subject to any adjustment[, as the Business Day 
Convention in (v) below is specified to be Not Applicable]]
(iv)
First Interest Payment Date:
[ ]
(v)
Business Day Convention:
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following Business 
Day Convention/ Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention]
(vi)
Business Centre(s):
[ ]
(vii)
Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be 
determined:
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]
(viii)
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent):
[ ]
(ix)
Screen Rate Determination:
– Reference Rate:
[ ] month [LIBOR/ EURIBOR]
– Interest Determination 
Date(s):
[ ] 
– Relevant Screen Page:
[ ]
(x)
ISDA Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
– Floating Rate Option:
[ ]
– Designated Maturity:
[ ]
– Reset Date:
[ ]
(xi)
Linear Interpolation:
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated using

--- Page 99 ---
91
Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long interest 
period)]
(xii)
Margin(s):
[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum
(xiii)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[ ] per cent. per annum/[Not Applicable]
(xiv)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[ ] per cent. per annum/[Not Applicable]
(xv)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual]
[Actual/Actual – ISDA]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]
[Actual/360]
[30/360], [360/360] or [Bond Basis]
[30E/360] or [Eurobond Basis]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
[Actual/Actual-ICMA]
[Not applicable]
16
Zero Coupon Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i)
Amortisation Yield:
[ ] per cent. per annum
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
17
Call Option (Condition 6(d))
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i)
Optional Redemption 
Date(s):
[ ]
(ii)
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note:
[[ ] per Calculation Amount] 
(iii)
If redeemable in part:
(a)Minimum nominal 
amount to be redeemed:
[ ] per Calculation Amount/[Not Applicable]
(b)Maximum nominal 
amount to be redeemed:
[ ] per Calculation Amount/[Not Applicable]
(iv)
Notice period:
[ ]
18
Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer
(Condition 6(e))
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i)
Early Redemption Amount:
[[ ] per Calculation Amount] / [As per Conditions]
(ii)
Minimum Percentage:
[ ] per cent.
19
Make-Whole Redemption by the 
Issuer (Condition 6(f))
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)

--- Page 100 ---
92
(i)
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note:
[ ]
(ii)
Notice period:
[ ]
(iii)
Redemption Rate
[ ]
(iv)
Redemption Margin:
[ ]
20
Residual Maturity Call Option
(Condition 6(g))
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i)
Exercisable in whole/part:
[in whole]/[in part]
(ii)
Residual Redemption Date:
Not earlier than [ ] [before the Maturity Date]
21
Put Option (Condition 6(h))
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i)
Optional Redemption 
Date(s):
[ ]
(ii)
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note:
[ ] per Calculation Amount
(iii)
Notice period:
[ ]
22
Early Redemption Amount:
(i)
Early Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note 
payable on redemption for 
taxation reasons or on event 
of default:
Par per Calculation Amount
(ii)
Redemption for taxation 
reasons permitted on days 
other than Interest Payment 
Dates:
[Yes]/[No]
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
23
(i)  Form of Notes:
[Bearer Notes / Exchangeable Bearer Notes]:
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global 
Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note]
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes]
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes in 
the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Note]
Registered Notes:
[Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for [a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream,

--- Page 101 ---
93
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg]]
     (ii)  [New Global Note] / [Note held 
under the New Safekeeping 
Structure]
[Yes] [No]
24
Financial Centre(s):
[Not Applicable/include financial centre] (Note that this item 
relates to the date and place of payment, and not the end dates 
of interest periods for the purposes of calculating the amount 
of interest, to which paragraph 15 (vi) relates)
25
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature):
[No/Yes. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive form, 
more than 27 coupon payments are left.]
26
Details relating to Instalment Notes:
(i) Instalment Amount:
[  ]
(ii) Instalment Date(s):
[  ]
(iii) Minimum Instalment Amount:
[  ]
(iv) Maximum Instalment Amount
[  ] 
27
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]1
28
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors:
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 2
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION
[[ ] has been extracted from [ ]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and 
that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [ ], no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]
Signed on behalf of the Issuer:
By: ............................................
Duly authorised
[Signed on behalf of the Guarantor:
By: ............................................
Duly authorised]
                                                       
1
If the offer of the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged products”, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the offer of the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products and no KID will be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.
2
If the offer of the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged products”, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the offer of the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products and no KID will be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.

--- Page 102 ---
94
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
1
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING
(i)
Listing and 
Admission to 
trading:
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Notes to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and admitted to trading on [the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange] [other relevant regulated market] with 
effect from [ ].] [Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [relevant 
regulated market] with effect from [ ].] [Not Applicable.] 
(ii)
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading:
[ ]
2
RATINGS
Ratings:
[[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] rated]/[The 
following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type issued 
under the Programme generally]]:
[S&P: [ ]] [Not Applicable] 
[Moody’s: [ ]] [Not Applicable]
[[Other]: [ ]] [Not Applicable]
[and endorsed by [insert details]]
[Not Applicable]
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes of 
the type being issued under the Programme generally or, where the 
issue has been specifically rated, that rating.)
(Include appropriate Credit Rating Agency Regulation (1060/2009) 
disclosure)
(Include brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has 
previously been published by the rating provider)
Insert one (or more) of the following options, as applicable:
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established in the European 
Union and [has/have each] applied for registration under Regulation 
(EC) 1060/2009,
as amended,
although notification of the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet been provided by the 
relevant competent authority.]
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established in the European 
Union and registered under Regulation (EC) 1060/2009, as amended.]
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] not established in the 
European Union and [has/have] not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) 1060/2009, as amended.] 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 103 ---
95
3
[INTERESTS 
OF 
NATURAL 
AND 
LEGAL 
PERSONS 
INVOLVED 
IN 
THE 
[ISSUE/OFFER]
[Not Applicable]
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of 
the statement below):
"Save as discussed in ["Subscription and Sale"], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer 
of the Notes has an interest material to the offer." (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)]
4
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
Reasons for the offer/use of proceeds:
[See “Use of Proceeds” in Debt Issuance Programme 
Prospectus / Give Details]
(See “Use of Proceeds” in Debt Issuance 
Programme Prospectus – if reasons for offer differ 
from what is disclosed in the Debt Issuance 
Programme Prospectus, give details here.)
Estimated net proceeds:
[ ]
5
Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD
Indication of yield:
[ ] per cent. per annum [Not Applicable]
6
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES (Floating Rate Notes only)
[Details of historic [LIBOR or EURIBOR] rates can be obtained from Reuters]. [Not Applicable]
7
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
Trade Date:
ISIN:
[  ]
[  ]
Common Code:
[  ]
FISN:
CFI Code:
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear Bank 
[[ ]/[As set out on the website of the Association of 
National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN]
[[ ]/As set out on the website of the Association of 
National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN]
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or 
available, it/they should be specified to be “Not 
Applicable”)
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)]

--- Page 104 ---
96
SA/NV and Clearstream Banking S.A., the 
relevant address and the identification number(s):
Delivery
Delivery [against/free of] payment
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) if any:
[ ][Not Applicable]
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility:
[No][Yes]
[Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one 
of the relevant Clearing Systems as common safekeeper 
[(and registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper)] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria.](Include this text if 
“yes” selected in which case the Notes must be issued 
in NGN form)
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a nominee of 
one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper)]. Note 
that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]
8
DISTRIBUTION
(i)
Method of distribution:
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii)
Date of [Subscription] 
Agreement:
[ ]
(iii) If syndicated, names and 
addresses of Managers:
[Not Applicable/(give names and addresses)]
(iv) Name(s) and address(es) of 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any):
[Not Applicable/(give name(s) and address(es))]

--- Page 105 ---
97
(v)
If non-syndicated, name and 
address of Dealer:
[Not Applicable/(give name and address)]
(vi) U.S. Selling Restrictions 
(Categories of potential 
investors to which the Notes 
are offered):
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; TEFRA 
C/TEFRA D/ TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 106 ---
98
GENERAL INFORMATION
1
Each of Airbus and Airbus Finance has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in 
connection with the establishment and update of the Programme and the guarantee relating to Guaranteed 
Notes issued by Airbus Finance under the Programme. The establishment and update of the Programme by 
Airbus and the giving of the guarantee relating to Guaranteed Notes issued by Airbus Finance and under the 
Programme by the Guarantor were authorised by resolutions of the board of directors of Airbus passed on 5 
December 2002 and 17 February 2021. The establishment and update of the Programme by Airbus Finance 
were authorised by a resolution of the board of directors of Airbus Finance effective as of 10 December 2002 
and 23 July 2021, respectively. Please note that particular issuances of Notes may need to be additionally 
authorised as set out in the relevant Final Terms.
2
Except as disclosed in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, (i) in the section entitled “Recent 
Developments” in paragraph 1.3 on page 95 of the Airbus 2020 Registration Document (ii) in the Airbus 
Interims on pages 11 and 12, and (iii) in the section entitled “Recent Developments” on pages 70 to 74 of this 
Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, each as incorporated by reference in this Debt Issuance Programme 
Prospectus, there has been (i) no material adverse change in the prospects of Airbus since 31 December 2020
and (ii) no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of Airbus or of the Group 
since 30 June 2021.
Except as disclosed in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, specifically in the paragraph 5 “Future 
Outlook” on page 3 of the 2020 Airbus Finance Audited Annual Financial Statements as incorporated by 
reference in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, there has been (i) no material adverse change in the 
prospects of Airbus Finance since 31 December 2020 and (ii) no significant change in the financial position 
or financial performance of Airbus Finance since 30 June 2021.
3
Except as disclosed in the section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Debt Issuance Programme 
Prospectus, neither Airbus nor any of its subsidiaries is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings which may have or have had, during the 12 months preceding the date of this Debt 
Issuance Programme Prospectus, significant effects on the financial position or profitability of Airbus or any 
of its subsidiaries nor so far as Airbus is aware is any such governmental, legal or arbitration proceeding 
pending or threatened.
Airbus Finance is not and has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings which 
may have or have had, during the 12 months preceding the date of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, 
significant effects on the financial position or profitability of Airbus Finance nor so far as Airbus Finance is 
aware is any such governmental, legal or arbitration proceeding pending or threatened.
4
There are no conflicts of interests between any duties of the members of the board of directors of Airbus or 
Airbus Finance to Airbus or Airbus Finance, as the case may be, and their private interests or other duties.
5
There are no material contracts not entered into in the ordinary course of Airbus’s or Airbus Finance’s
business, which could result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is 
material to Airbus’s or Airbus Finance’s ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of the Notes 
being issued.
6
Each Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon and Talon will bear the following legend: “Any United States person who 
holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the 
limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code”.

--- Page 107 ---
99
7
Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg systems. The 
Common Code, the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN), Financial Instrument Short Name 
(FISN), Classification of Financial Instruments Code (CFI Code) (as applicable) and (where applicable) the 
identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms.
8
The address of Euroclear is 1, boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Bruxelles, Belgium, the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42, avenue John Fitzgerald Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of 
Luxembourg and the address of Euroclear France is 66, rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France.
9
The Legal Entity Identifier code of Airbus is MINO79WLOO247M1IL051, and the Legal Entity Identifier of 
Airbus Finance is 529900M7QSB704RUUT95.
10
As of the date of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, (i) Airbus' long-term credit rating by S&P is A 
(negative outlook) and by Moody’s is A2 (negative outlook).
11
The website of Airbus is https://www.airbus.com/. The information on https://www.airbus.com/ does not form 
part of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated by 
reference into this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus.
12
The website of Airbus Finance is https://www.airbus.com/. The information on https://www.airbus.com/ does 
not form part of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, except where that information has been 
incorporated by reference into this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus and investors should not rely on 
such information.  Other than the information incorporated by reference, the content of the Airbus website has 
not been scrutinised or approved by the competent authority and investors should not rely on such 
information.  
13
The following documents are available on the Issuer’s website (https://www.airbus.com/):
(i)
the Trust Deed (which includes the Guarantee and the form of the Global Notes, the definitive Bearer 
Notes, 
the 
Certificates, 
the 
Coupons, 
the 
Receipts 
and 
the 
Talons)
(https://www.airbus.com/investors/hedging-and-debt-information.html);
(ii)
the Agency Agreement (https://www.airbus.com/investors/hedging-and-debt-information.html);
(iii) the up-to-date constitutive documents of each of Airbus (https://www.airbus.com/company/corporate-
governance/governance-framework-and-documents.html) 
and 
Airbus 
Finance
(https://www.airbus.com/investors/hedging-and-debt-information.html);
(iv) the 2020 Registration Document, the published annual report and audited financial statements of each of 
Airbus (https://www.airbus.com/investors/financial-results-and-annual-reports.html) and Airbus Finance
(https://www.airbus.com/investors/hedging-and-debt-information.html)
(and
any published interim 
financial information, if applicable) for the two financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 2020,
including, with respect to Airbus, the audited consolidated financial statements for the two financial 
years ended 31 December 2019 and 2020, and the published unaudited interim financial information for 
the six month period ended 30 June 2021;
(v)
each Final Terms for Notes that are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, which will also be 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or any other stock 
exchange (https://www.airbus.com/investors/hedging-and-debt-information.html);
(vi) a copy of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Debt Issuance 
Programme 
Prospectus 
or 
further 
Debt 
Issuance 
Programme 
Prospectus

--- Page 108 ---
100
(https://www.airbus.com/investors/hedging-and-debt-information.html) which will also be published on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu); and
(viii) all reports, letters and other documents, statements of financial position, valuations and statements by 
any expert any part of which is extracted or referred to in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus.
14
Airbus does not publish non-consolidated interim accounts. Airbus Finance, since it does not have any 
subsidiaries, does not produce consolidated accounts.
15
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP, has audited and issued an unqualified independent auditor’s report on the 
consolidated financial statements of Airbus for the financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 
2020 and has reviewed, and issued an unqualified independent auditor’s review report on the condensed 
Interim IFRS consolidated financial information of Airbus for the six-month period ended 30 June 2021. Ernst 
& Young Accountants LLP has audited and issued an unqualified independent auditor’s report on the financial 
statements of Airbus Finance for the financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020. The 
auditor’s reports in respect of such financial statements are incorporated by reference in this Debt Issuance 
Programme Prospectus. Ernst & Young Accountants LLP of which the “registeraccountants” are members of 
the NBA (Koninklijke Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants – The Royal Netherlands Institute of 
Chartered Accountants).
16
The yield of any Fixed Rate Notes will be included in the applicable Final Terms. The yield will be calculated 
at the relevant Issue Date on the basis of the relevant Issue Price. It will not be an indication of future yield.
17
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuers and their respective
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the 
Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity 
securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own 
account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve 
securities and/or instruments of the Issuers or their respective affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their 
affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuers routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuers
consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would 
hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps 
or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The 
Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend 
to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.
In addition, potential conflicts of interest may arise between the calculation agent, if any, for a Tranche of 
Notes and the Noteholders, including with respect to certain discretionary determinations and judgements that 
such calculation agent may make pursuant to the Terms and Conditions that may influence the amount 
receivable upon redemption of the Notes.

--- Page 109 ---
101
Registered Office of Airbus SE
Mendelweg 30
2333 CS
Leiden
The Netherlands
Registered Office of Airbus Finance B.V.
Mendelweg 30
2333 CS
Leiden
The Netherlands
Arranger
BARCLAYS BANK IRELAND PLC
One Molesworth Street
Dublin 2
D02 RF29
Ireland
Dealers
BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA
ARGENTARIA, S.A.
Ciudad BBVA
C/ Sauceda, 28
Edificio Asia, Nivel 1
28050 Madrid, Spain
BANCO SANTANDER, S.A.
Ciudad Grupo Santander
Avda. de Cantabria s/n
28660 Boadilla del Monte
Madrid, Spain
BARCLAYS BANK IRELAND PLC
One Molesworth Street
Dublin 2
D02 RF29
Ireland
COMMERZBANK
AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz)
60311 Frankfurt am Main
Federal Republic of Germany
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND 
INVESTMENT BANK 
12, Place des Etats-Unis
CS 70052
92547 MONTROUGE CEDEX
France
DEUTSCHE BANK AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17
60329 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
GOLDMAN SACHS BANK EUROPE SE
Marienturm
Taunusanlage 9-10
60329 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
HSBC CONTINENTAL EUROPE
38, avenue Kléber
75116 Paris
France

--- Page 110 ---
102
J.P. MORGAN AG
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm)
60310 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
MUFG SECURITIES (EUROPE) N.V.
World Trade Center, Tower H, 11th Floor
Zuidplein 98 
1077 XV Amsterdam
The Netherlands
NATIXIS
30 avenue Pierre Mendès France
75013 Paris
France
NATWEST MARKETS N.V.
Claude Debussylaan 94
1082 MD Amsterdam
The Netherlands
SOCIETE GENERALE
29, boulevard Haussmann
75009 Paris
France
UNICREDIT BANK AG
Arabellastrasse 12
81925 Munich
Germany
Trustee
BNY MELLON CORPORATE TRUSTEE SERVICES LIMITED
One Canada Square
London E14 5AL
United Kingdom
Issuing and Paying Agent, Transfer Agent and Calculation Agent
THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON, LONDON BRANCH
One Canada Square
London E14 5AL
United Kingdom
Paying Agent, Transfer Agent and Registrar
THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON SA/NV LUXEMBOURG BRANCH
Vertigo Building – Polaris
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert
L-2453 Luxembourg
Luxembourg Listing Agent
THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON SA/NV LUXEMBOURG BRANCH
Vertigo Building – Polaris
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert
L-2453 Luxembourg
Auditors to Airbus SE 
and 
Airbus Finance B.V.

--- Page 111 ---
103
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP
Cross Towers
Antonio Vivaldistraat 150
1083 HP Amsterdam
The Netherlands
Legal Advisers
To Airbus SE and Airbus Finance B.V.
in respect of English law
in respect of Dutch law
Herbert Smith Freehills LLP
Exchange House
Primrose Street
London EC2A 2EG
United Kingdom
Clifford Chance LLP
IJsbaanpad 2
1076 CV Amsterdam
The Netherlands
To the Dealers
in respect of English law
Linklaters LLP
One Silk Street
London EC2Y 8HQ
United Kingdom