--- Page 1 ---
Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus  
dated 29 July 2022 
 
 
 
  
 
 
AIRBUS SE  
(incorporated with limited liability in The Netherlands) 
 
Euro 12,000,000,000   
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
due from one month to 30 years from the date of original issue 
 
Under the Euro 12,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme described in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus (the “Programme”), Airbus SE (“Airbus” or the “Issuer”), 
subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the “Notes”) denominated in any currency agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealers (as defined herein). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed €12,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies).  
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of the Notes, the issue price of the Notes and any final terms not contained herein and which are 
applicable to such Notes will be set out in the Final Terms relating to such Notes (each, “Final Terms”). 
This Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus (hereinafter referred to as “Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus”), constitutes a base prospectus for Notes issued under the Programme by 
Airbus for the purpose of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
Application has been made to the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”) in its capacity as competent authority under the Luxembourg Act dated 16 July 2019, as 
amended, on prospectuses for securities (the “Luxembourg Prospectus Law”), for the approval of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus as a base prospectus for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation. Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (the “Official List”) and to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the “Regulated Market”). References in this Debt Issuance 
Programme Prospectus to the “Luxembourg Stock Exchange” (and all related references) shall mean the Regulated Market. In addition, references in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus 
to Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been, or are intended to be, admitted to the Official List and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or, 
as the case may be, a MiFID Regulated Market (as defined below). The Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council on markets in financial instruments (as amended, “MiFID II”) (each such regulated market being a “MiFID Regulated Market”). This Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus may be 
used to list Notes on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trade notes on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, pursuant to the Programme. The 
Programme provides that Notes may be listed on such other or further stock exchange(s) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). The Issuer may also issue unlisted 
Notes. 
This Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus has been approved by the CSSF, as competent authority under the Luxembourg Prospectus Law and the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only 
approves this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should 
not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment 
as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
By approving this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, the CSSF gives no undertakings as to the economic and financial characteristics of the Notes to be issued hereunder or the quality or 
solvency of the Issuer. Furthermore, pursuant to the Luxembourg Prospectus Act, the CSSF is not competent to approve prospectuses for the offering to the public or for the admission to 
trading on regulated markets of money market instruments having a maturity at issue of less than 12 months. 
As of the date of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, Airbus' long-term credit rating by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited (“S&P”) is A (stable outlook) and by Moody’s Deutschland 
GmbH (“Moody's”) is A2 (stable outlook). Moody’s is established in the European Union (the “EU”) and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended, the “CRA 
Regulation”). S&P is not established in the European Union but the ratings it has given to the Programme are endorsed by S&P Global Ratings Europe Ltd, which is established in the 
European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation. Further information relating to the registration of rating agencies under the CRA Regulation can be found on the website of the 
European Securities and Markets Authority (www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) as of the date of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus. Tranches of Notes (as 
defined in “General Description of the Programme”) will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the 
Notes already issued. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered under the 
CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Each Series of Notes in bearer form will be represented on issue by a temporary global note in bearer form (each a “temporary Global Note” and a “Global Note”) or a permanent global note 
in bearer form (each a “permanent Global Note” and a “Global Note”). Each Series of Notes in registered form will be represented on issue by a registered global certificate (“Global 
Certificate”). If the Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form or the Global Certificate is held under the New Safekeeping Structure 
(the “NSS”), the Global Notes or, as applicable, the Global Certificate will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper (the “Common 
Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”). Global notes which are not issued in NGN form (“Classic Global 
Notes” or “CGNs”) and Global Certificates which are not held under the NSS will be deposited on the issue date with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (the “Common Depositary”). 
The price and the amount of the relevant Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the Relevant Dealer based on prevailing market conditions at the time of 
issue of such Notes and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
In the case of any Notes which are (i) to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation or (ii) offered to the public in the United Kingdom (“UK”) in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the “EUWA”) (the “UK 
Prospectus Regulation”), the minimum denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency). The minimum denomination of Notes issued by Airbus shall be €100,000. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus.  
This Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus will be valid as a base prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation for 12 months from its date of publication (i.e. until 29 July 2023). The obligation 
to supplement this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply following the expiry of that period. 
 
Arranger for the Programme 
 
Barclays 
Dealers  
Barclays 
BBVA 
Commerzbank 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Deutsche Bank 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
HSBC 
J.P. Morgan 
MUFG 
Natixis 
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking  
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
 NatWest Markets 
UniCredit

--- Page 2 ---
11/75387547_4 
ii 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus (together with any Supplements hereto, each a 
“Supplement” and together the “Supplements”) comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 
8 of the Prospectus Regulation and for the purpose of giving necessary information with regard to 
Airbus and its Subsidiaries (as defined in the terms and conditions of the Notes) taken as a whole (the 
“Group”) and the Notes which, according to the particular nature and circumstances of Airbus and the 
type of Notes, is material to investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profit and losses and prospects of Airbus, the rights attaching to the Notes, and the 
reasons for the issuance and its impact on Airbus. 
This Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in 
any Member State of the EEA (each, a “Member State”) will be made pursuant to an exemption under 
the Prospectus Regulation, as implemented in that Member State, from the requirement to publish a 
prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer in that 
Member State of Notes which are the subject of an offering contemplated in this Debt Issuance 
Programme Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation to the offer of those Notes may only 
do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for Airbus or any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus 
Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. Neither Airbus nor any Dealer have authorised, nor 
do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for 
Airbus or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer.  
This Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in the 
UK will be made pursuant to an exemption under the UK Prospectus Regulation from the requirement 
to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an 
offer of Notes which are the subject of an offering contemplated in this Debt Issuance Programme 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation to the offer of those Notes may only do so in 
circumstances in which no obligation arises for Airbus or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant 
to the UK Prospectus Regulation in relation to such offer. Neither Airbus nor any Dealer have 
authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in circumstances in which an 
obligation arises for Airbus or any Dealer to publish a prospectus for such offer.  
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus in connection with the Programme and the 
issue or sale of the Notes thereunder and, if given or made, such information or representation must not 
be relied upon as having been authorised by Airbus, the Trustee (as defined herein) or any of the 
Dealers or the Arranger (as defined in “General Description of the Programme”). Neither the delivery 
of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus nor any offering, sale or delivery of Notes made in 
connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no 
change in the affairs of Airbus or the Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this Debt 
Issuance Programme Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has 
been no adverse change in the financial position of Airbus or the Group since the date hereof or the 
date upon which this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of 
any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the 
document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering or 
sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this 
Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus comes are required by Airbus, the Dealers and the Arranger to

--- Page 3 ---
iii 
inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. The Notes have not been nor will be 
registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) or with any 
securities regulatory authority of any State or other jurisdiction of the United States and the 
Programme includes Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to 
certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or, in the case of bearer notes, delivered within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act in the case of Notes in registered form and in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (the “Code”) in the case of Notes in bearer form. For a description of certain restrictions on 
offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, see 
“Subscription and Sale”. 
This Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on 
behalf of Airbus or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
The Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents incorporated 
by reference - see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”. This Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus 
shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated by reference into, and 
form part of, this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus. Each potential purchaser of Notes should 
inform themselves of the contents of the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus and the documents 
incorporated by reference therein when deciding to purchase Notes. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers and the Arranger accepts any responsibility 
for the contents of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus or for any other statement, made or 
purported to be made by the Arranger or a Dealer or on its behalf in connection with Airbus or the 
issue and offering of the Notes. The Arranger and each Dealer accordingly disclaims all and any 
liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to above) which it might 
otherwise have in respect of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus or any such statement. The 
Arranger and the Dealers have not independently verified the information contained in this Debt 
Issuance Programme Prospectus. None of the Dealers and the Arranger makes any representation, 
express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of 
the information in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus. Neither this Debt Issuance Programme 
Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other 
evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of Airbus, the Arranger or the 
Dealers that any recipient of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus or any other financial 
statements should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the 
relevance of the information contained in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus and its purchase of 
Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the 
Arranger undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of Airbus or the Group during the life 
of the arrangements contemplated by this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus nor to advise any 
investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the 
Dealers or the Arranger. 
To the extent that the Issuer issues any Notes which are Green Bonds, none of the Arranger, the Dealers 
or the Trustee makes any representation as to the suitability of such Green Bonds or whether such 
Green Bonds fulfil any "sustainable" or “green” criteria required by any prospective investors. The 
Arranger, the Dealers and the Trustee have not conducted any due diligence on the Green  Financing 
Framework (as defined in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus) nor have they undertaken, nor 
are they responsible for, any assessment of the projects related to Green Bonds or any verification of 
whether the projects related to Green Bonds may meet any such eligibility criteria or the monitoring of 
the use of proceeds.

--- Page 4 ---
iv 
 
NOTES MAY NOT BE A SUITABLE INVESTMENT FOR ALL INVESTORS. Each potential investor 
in any Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In 
particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, 
the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment will 
have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
relevant Notes, including where principal or interest is payable in one or more currencies, or where the 
currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(v) be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased as a way to 
reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall 
portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments 
unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes 
will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such Notes and the impact 
this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of Directive 2016/97/EU (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.   
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a 
legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive 2016/97/EU, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 600/2014 as it forms part of

--- Page 5 ---
v 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”). Consequently, no key information document 
required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a 
legend entitled “MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Notes about whether, for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product 
Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor any Dealer nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a 
legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Notes about whether, for the purpose of the 
UK MiFIR  Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in 
respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION - In connection with Section 309B of the Securities 
and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless 
otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant 
persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets 
products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in 
MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice 
on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(“EURIBOR”), the Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”), the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate (“SOFR”) or the Euro Short term Rate (“€STR”) which are provided by the European Money 
Markets Institute (“EMMI”) (as administrator of EURIBOR), the Bank of England (as administrator 
of SONIA), the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (as administrator of SOFR) and the European 
Central Bank (as administrator of €STR). As at the date of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, 
EMMI appears in the European Securities and Markets Authority’s (“ESMA”) register of 
administrators and benchmarks under Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (as amended, the

--- Page 6 ---
vi 
“BMR”). As at the date of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, ICE, the Bank of England, the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York and the European Central Bank do not appear in ESMA’s register 
of administrators and benchmarks under Article 36 of the BMR. As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the BMR apply, such that ICE is not currently required to obtain 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence. As far as the Issuer is aware, the Bank of England (as 
administrator of SONIA), the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (as administrator of SOFR) and the 
European Central Bank (as administrator of €STR) are not required to be registered by virtue of 
Article 2 of the BMR.  
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilisation 
Manager(s) will act as a stabilisation agent (the “Stabilisation Manager(s)”). The identity of the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. References in the next paragraph 
to “the issue of any Tranche” are to each Tranche in relation to which a Stabilisation Manager is 
appointed. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, (as defined in “General Description of the Programme – 
Method of Issue”) the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to 
supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. 
However, there is no assurance that the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any 
Stabilisation Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or 
after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is 
made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after 
the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules. 
In this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise 
requires, references to “€”, “EUR” or “euro” are to the single currency introduced at the start of the 
third stage of the European Economic and Monetary Union, pursuant to the Treaty Establishing the 
European Community as amended. References to “£”, “sterling” and “GBP” are to the lawful currency 
of the UK. References to “U.S. Dollars”, “USD” and “U.S.$” are to the lawful currency of the United 
States of America and references to “yen” are to the lawful currency of Japan. 
 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus includes statements that are, or may be deemed to be, 
“forward-looking statements”. These forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of 
forward-looking terminology, including the terms “target”, “believes”, “estimates”, “plans”, 
“projects”, “anticipates”, “expects”, “intends”, “may”, “will” or “should” or, in each case, their 
negative or other variations or comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategy, plans, objectives, 
goals, future events or intentions. These forward-looking statements include all matters that are not 
historical facts. These forward-looking statements appear in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus 
and include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the Issuer’s or the Group’s intentions, beliefs 
or current expectations concerning, among other things, market expectations and the introduction of 
new products and services by the Group and the Group’s business, results of operations, financial 
position, liquidity, prospects, growth, strategies, production plans and delivery schedules.

--- Page 7 ---
vii 
By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to future 
events and circumstances. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and 
the actual results of the Group’s operations, financial position and liquidity, and the development of the 
markets in which the Group operate, may differ materially from those described in, or suggested by, 
the forward-looking statements contained in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus. In addition, 
even if the Group’s results of operations, financial position and liquidity, and the development of the 
markets and the industries in which the Group operates, are consistent with the forward-looking 
statements contained in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, those results or developments may 
not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. A number of risks, uncertainties and 
other factors could cause results and developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied 
by the forward-looking statements. 
Forward-looking statements may and often do differ materially from actual results. Any forward-
looking statements in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus reflect the Issuer’s and the Group’s 
current view with respect to future events and are subject to risks relating to future events and other 
risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to the Group’s business, results of operations, financial 
position, liquidity, prospects, growth and strategies. Investors should specifically consider the factors 
identified in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, which could cause actual results to differ, 
before making an investment decision. Subject to all relevant laws, regulations or listing rules, the 
Issuer undertakes no obligation publicly to release the result of any revisions to any forward-looking 
statements in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus that may occur due to any change in the 
Issuer’s expectations or to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Debt Issuance 
Programme Prospectus.

--- Page 8 ---
viii 
TABLE OF CONTENTS  
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .............................................................................. 1 
RISK FACTORS ......................................................................................................................................... 7 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................ 40 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ...................................................................................... 47 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................... 97 
DESCRIPTION OF AIRBUS ................................................................................................................... 98 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS ................................................................................................................ 103 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS ................................................................................................................ 104 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................ 118 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................ 122 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .................................................................................................................... 128 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................................. 142

--- Page 9 ---
1 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following description of the Programme does not purport to be complete and is qualified by the 
remainder of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any 
particular Tranche of Notes, the Terms and Conditions set out herein (the “Conditions”) and the applicable 
Final Terms. Words and expressions defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have the same 
meanings in this section. The following description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the 
purposes of Article 25 (1) of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980. 
Description of the Issuer: 
Airbus SE (“Airbus”)  
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
Website: 
Airbus SE: MINO79WLOO247M1IL051 
Airbus: https://www.airbus.com/ 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Size: 
Up to €12,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at 
the date of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
outstanding at any one time. The Issuer may increase the size of 
the Programme in accordance with the Dealer Agreement. 
Arranger: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
Dealers under the Programme: 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.  
Banco Santander, S.A.  
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
HSBC Continental Europe 
J.P. Morgan SE 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
Natixis 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Société Générale 
UniCredit Bank AG 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of 
any dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers 
either in respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the 
whole Programme. References in this Debt Issuance 
Programme Prospectus to “Permanent Dealers” are to the 
persons listed above as Dealers and to such additional persons 
that are appointed as dealers in respect of the whole Programme 
(and whose appointment has not been terminated) and to 
“Dealers” are to all Permanent Dealers and all persons 
appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more Tranches. 
Trustee: 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited 
Issuing and Paying Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
Luxembourg Listing Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch

--- Page 10 ---
2 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) 
having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical 
(or on terms identical other than in respect of the first payment 
of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended to be 
interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series 
may be issued in tranches (each a “Tranche”) on the same or 
different issue dates.  
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount. The Issue Price will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms for each Series. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form only (“Bearer Notes”), 
in 
bearer 
form 
exchangeable 
for 
Registered 
Notes 
(“Exchangeable Bearer Notes”) or in registered form only 
(“Registered Notes”). Each Tranche of Bearer Notes and 
Exchangeable Bearer Notes will be represented on issue by a 
temporary Global Note if (i) definitive Notes are to be made 
available to Noteholders following the expiry of 40 days after 
their issue date or (ii) such Notes have an initial maturity of 
more than one year and are being issued in compliance with 
TEFRA D (as defined in “General Description of the 
Programme – U.S. TEFRA Compliance”), otherwise such 
Tranche will be represented by a permanent Global Note. 
Registered Notes will be represented by Certificates, one 
Certificate being issued in respect of each Noteholder’s entire 
holding of Registered Notes of one Series. Certificates 
representing Registered Notes that are registered in the name of 
a nominee for one or more clearing systems are referred to as 
“Global Certificates”. 
Clearing Systems: 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and, in relation to any 
Tranche, such other clearing system as may be agreed between 
the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee and the 
relevant Dealer(s). 
Initial Delivery of Notes: 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche, if the Global Note 
is a NGN or the Global Certificate is held under NSS, the 
Global Note or Global Certificate, as applicable, will be 
delivered to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. On or before the issue date for each 
Tranche, if the Global Note is a CGN or the Global Certificate 
is not held under NSS, the Global Note representing Bearer 
Notes or Exchangeable Bearer Notes or the Global Certificate 
representing Registered Notes may (or, in the case of Notes 
listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, shall) be deposited 
with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Global Notes or Global Certificates relating to 
Notes that are not listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
may also be deposited with any other clearing system or may be

--- Page 11 ---
3 
delivered outside any clearing system provided that the method 
of such delivery has been agreed in advance by the Issuer, the 
Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee and the relevant Dealer. 
Registered Notes that are to be credited to one or more clearing 
systems on issue will be registered in the name of nominees or 
a common nominee for such clearing systems. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in any currency agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealers. 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, any maturity between one month and 30 years. 
Denomination: 
Definitive Notes will be issued in such denominations as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms, save that (i) Notes 
which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market 
within the European Economic Area or offered to the public in 
a Member State in circumstances which require the publication 
of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation or offer to the 
public in the UK in circumstances which require the publication 
of a prospectus under the UK Prospectus Regulation will be 
issued with a minimum denomination of €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies); and (ii) unless otherwise 
permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes 
(including Notes denominated in sterling) which have a 
maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue and in 
respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the 
Issuer in the UK or whose issue otherwise constitutes a 
contravention of section 19 of the FSMA will have a minimum 
denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies). Subject to compliance with the foregoing, Notes 
issued by Airbus will have a minimum denomination of 
€100,000.  
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in 
each year specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for 
each Series: 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a 
national interest rate swap transaction in the 
relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement 
incorporating 
the 
2006 
ISDA 
Definitions, as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association; or  
(ii) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the 
agreed screen page of a commercial quotation 
service; or 
(iii) 
on such other basis as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer (and indicated in

--- Page 12 ---
4 
the relevant Final Terms). 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or 
at a discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Interest Periods and Interest Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the 
applicable interest rate or its method of calculation may differ 
from time to time or be constant for any Series. Notes may have 
a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. The 
use of interest accrual periods permits the Notes to bear interest 
at different rates in the same interest period.  
Redemption: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, 
Notes will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount. 
Unless permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes 
(including Notes denominated in sterling) having a maturity of 
less than one year from the date of their issue and in respect of 
which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the 
UK or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of 
section 19 of the FSMA must have a minimum redemption 
amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will 
state whether or not such Notes may be redeemed prior to their 
stated maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in 
part) and/or the holders. 
Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer: 
If a “Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer” is specified as being 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Series 
of Notes, then the Issuer will have the option to redeem all but 
not some only of that Series of Notes at any time at their Early 
Redemption Amount, provided that redemptions (except for a 
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer) or repurchases and 
cancellations of such Series shall have been previously effected 
in respect of at least the Minimum Percentage (as defined in the 
relevant Final Terms) of such Series of Notes. 
Make-Whole Redemption by the 
Issuer: 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, in 
respect of any issue of Notes, the Issuer will have the option to 
redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time 
to time, prior to their Maturity Date at the Optional Redemption 
Amount. 
Residual Maturity Call Option: 
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, in respect of any issue of Notes, the Issuer will 
have the option to redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, within 
a certain period (specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to 
their Maturity Date at par.

--- Page 13 ---
5 
Redemption by Instalments: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes that 
are redeemable in two or more instalments will set out the dates 
on which, and the amounts in which, such Notes may be 
redeemed. 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption”, “Make-Whole 
Redemption by the Issuer” and “Residual Maturity Call 
Option” above, Notes will be redeemable at the option of the 
Issuer prior to maturity only for tax reasons or, if applicable, in 
instalments. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - 
Redemption, Purchase and Options”. 
Status of Notes: 
The Notes will constitute unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer as described in “Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes - Status”. 
Negative Pledge: 
See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Negative Pledge”. 
Cross Acceleration: 
See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Events of Default - 
Cross Acceleration”. 
Substitution: 
The Issuer may substitute another entity for itself as principal 
debtor under the Notes as described in “Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes - Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver 
and Substitution - Substitution”. 
Withholding Tax: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes 
will be made free and clear of withholding taxes of the 
jurisdiction of the country of incorporation of the Issuer subject 
to customary exceptions, as described in “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes - Taxation”. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with them will be governed by and construed in 
accordance with English law. 
Listing and admission to trading: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be listed on the Official 
List and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s regulated market, or as otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. As specified in the relevant Final Terms, a 
Series of Notes may be unlisted. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale or transfer of the Notes 
in the United States, the EEA, the UK, The Netherlands, 
France, Japan, Singapore and such other restrictions as may be 
required in connection with a particular Tranche of Notes. See 
“Subscription and Sale”. 
 
Airbus is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under the 
Securities Act, unless otherwise provided in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
U.S. TEFRA Compliance 
Notes in bearer form will be issued: 
(i) 
in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) 
(or any successor rules in substantially the same form that

--- Page 14 ---
6 
are applicable for purposes of section 4701 of the Code) 
(“TEFRA C”); 
(ii) in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) 
(or any successor rules in substantially the same form that 
are applicable for purposes of section 4701 of the Code) 
(“TEFRA D”); or 
(iii) other than in compliance with TEFRA D or TEFRA C but 
in circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute 
“registration required obligations” under the United States 
Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 
(“TEFRA”), which circumstances will be referred to in 
the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA 
is not applicable.

--- Page 15 ---
11/63089067_3 
7 
RISK FACTORS  
Risk Factors relating to Airbus  
Airbus is subject to the risks and uncertainties described below that may materially affect its business, results 
of operations and financial condition. These are not the only risks the Issuer faces. Additional risks and 
uncertainties not presently known to the Issuer, or that it currently considers immaterial may also impair its 
business and operations. 
Although a certain degree of risk is inherent in the Issuer’s business (as described in the risk factors in this 
section), the Issuer endeavours to minimise risk to the extent reasonably possible. To achieve its strategy, the 
Issuer is prepared to take modest or low event risks to provide sufficient predictability on profitability and 
cash flow given the necessity to stay competitive, invest in R&D and manage its diversified business portfolio 
in a world of uncertain market and economic conditions. Due to the importance of programmes and 
operations for the Issuer, a particular focus is put on the operational dimension of risk identification and 
management. Within the area of legal and compliance risks, the Issuer seeks to ensure that its business 
practices conform to applicable laws, regulations and ethical business principles, while developing a culture 
of integrity. Regarding financial risks, Airbus’s risk approach can be qualified as prudent and the Issuer aims 
to minimise the downside risk through an appropriate liquidity buffer, moderate financial leverage and the use 
of hedging derivatives and other insurance products. 
1. Financial Market Risks 
Global Economic Conditions 
Airbus’s business, results of operations and financial condition are materially affected by global economic 
conditions. 
Market disruptions and significant economic downturns may develop quickly due to, among other things, 
crises affecting credit or liquidity markets, regional or global recessions, sharp fluctuations in commodity 
prices (including oil), currency exchange rates or interest rates, inflation or deflation, sovereign debt and bank 
debt rating downgrades, restructurings or defaults, or adverse geopolitical events (including Russia’s invasion 
of Ukraine and rising military tensions around the world and in particular within Europe’s borders, the impact 
of Brexit and global policy including in the United States (“US”), European Union, Russia and China) or 
global pandemic diseases such as COVID-19. The previous US administration introduced greater uncertainty 
with respect to US tax and trade policies, tariffs and government regulations affecting trade between the US 
and other countries. Such measures affected and may continue to affect countries where Airbus’s customers 
and suppliers are located or where Airbus has an operational presence or to which its financing activities are 
linked. See “– Business-Related Risks – COVID-19 Risks”, “– Business-Related Risks – Ukraine Crisis” and 
“– Business-Related Risks – Availability of Government and other Sources of Financing”. 
Airbus’s global presence includes France, Germany, Spain and the UK, fully-owned subsidiaries in the US, 
China, Japan, India and in the Middle East, and spare parts centres in Hamburg, Frankfurt, Washington, 
Beijing, Dubai and Singapore. At the end of 2021, Airbus had engineering and training centres in Toulouse, 
Miami, Mexico, Wichita, Hamburg, Bangalore, Beijing and Singapore, as well as an engineering centre in 
Russia. There are also hubs and field service stations around the world. Airbus also relies on industrial co-
operation and partnerships with major companies and a wide network of suppliers. This global presence 
entails the risk of being affected by weak market and economic conditions in particular in Europe, the US and 
Asia where it manufactures and to which it sells the majority of its products.

--- Page 16 ---
8 
As of 31 December 2021, Airbus’s workforce amounted to 126,495 employees of which over 15,000 were 
employed outside its core countries. In terms of nationalities, 35.4 per cent. of Airbus’s employees are from 
France, 31.5 per cent. from Germany, 7.7 per cent. from the UK and 10.3 per cent. from Spain. The remaining 
15.1 per cent. are employees from a total of 134 other countries. In total, 89.1 per cent. of Airbus’s active 
workforce is located in Europe on more than 100 sites. 
It is a priority to ensure that Airbus can attract, develop and retain a world-class competent, motivated and 
flexible workforce, which fits current and future business requirements in each of the countries in which we 
have a presence. A change in economic conditions in any of the geographies in which we have significant 
numbers of employees or key employees may therefore impact its ability to compete effectively for 
employees in such countries. 
At the end of 2020, approximately 21,000 suppliers from more than 80 countries supply parts, components, 
systems and services to Airbus. In 2020, the overall external sourcing volume of Airbus was valued at around 
€ 41 billion. Airbus requires its suppliers’ and subcontractors’ services in order to deliver its products and 
generate revenue and profit. Therefore, financial instability in any part of the world that would affect its 
suppliers or subcontractors, including financial conditions resulting in their inability to obtain credit or even 
in their insolvency, could impact Airbus’s ability to meet its customer obligations in a satisfactory and timely 
manner. In addition, financial instability affecting suppliers or subcontractors could impact such parties’ 
ability to meet their obligations under risk sharing partnership agreements entered into with Airbus. The 
COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting health and economic crisis has increased Airbus’s exposure to supply 
chain risk. 
The behaviour of its customers and, by extension, the demand for and supply of Airbus’s products and 
services has been and may continue to be materially affected by global economic conditions. Historically, 
Airbus has experienced that order intake for commercial aircraft has shown cyclical trends, due in part to 
changes in passenger demand for air travel and the air cargo share of freight activity, which are in turn driven 
by a range of economic variables including gross domestic product (“GDP”) growth and private consumption 
levels.  
A further downturn in economic factors driven by geopolitical events or by new variants and successive 
waves of the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting health and/or economic crisis and the related drop in air 
travel in a large part of the world driving Airbus’s commercial airline business, could lead to protracted weak 
demand for its commercial aircraft. The significant growth of its commercial aircraft business relative to 
Airbus’s defence, space and government activities has diluted the latter’s ability to serve as an effective tool to 
counter commercial cycles. 
Demand for military and parapublic products may be further affected by governmental budget constraints 
caused by economic pressure and COVID-19 measures. 
Therefore protracted weak global economic conditions could directly result in: 
• 
financial distress of airlines and lessors, and potential bankruptcies around the world; 
• 
requests by customers to postpone or cancel existing orders for aircraft (including helicopters) or 
decisions by customers to review their order intake strategy due to, among other things, lack of adequate 
credit supply from the market to finance aircraft purchases or increases in operating costs or weak levels 
of passenger demand for air travel and cargo activity more generally, which could negatively impact 
Airbus’s results of operations;

--- Page 17 ---
9 
• 
variations in public spending for defence, homeland security and space activities, which may lead to 
termination or reduction of future funding or cancellations or delays impacting existing contracts which 
could negatively impact Airbus’s results of operations; and 
• 
an increase in the amount of sales financing that Airbus is requested to provide to its customers to 
support aircraft deliveries typically secured over the underlying aircraft and bearing exposure to the 
customer credit risk. See “– Risk Factors – Financial Market Risks – Sales Financing Arrangements”. 
In addition, in the commercial aircraft industry it is the industry standard to include revision clauses in sales 
and supplier contracts due to the long-terms of such contracts. Such revision clauses can be based on one or 
multiple indices and therefore, can evolve due to changes in economic measures on which such indices are 
based, thereby potentially negatively impacting Airbus’s results. 
Airbus generally finances its manufacturing activities and product development programmes, and in particular 
the development of new commercial aircraft, through a combination of cash flows generated by operating 
activities, customer advances, European governments’ refundable advances and risk-sharing partnerships with 
subcontractors. In addition, Airbus’s military activities benefit from government-financed research and 
development contracts. If necessary, Airbus may raise funds in the capital markets. Weak economic 
circumstances leading to liquidity constraints or reduced availability of finance for Airbus’s customers, 
suppliers, European and other governments, and other risk sharing partners may affect Airbus’s ability to 
finance its product development programmes and raise funds in the capital markets. 
Airbus’s financial results could also be negatively affected depending on gains or losses realised on the sale or 
exchange of financial instruments; impairment charges resulting from revaluations of debt and equity 
securities and other investments; interest rates; cash balances; and changes in fair value of derivative 
instruments. Increased volatility in the financial markets and overall economic uncertainty would increase the 
risk of the actual amounts realised in the future on Airbus’s financial instruments differing significantly from 
the fair values currently assigned to them. 
Although the potential negative impact of global economic conditions has been thoroughly assessed, the 
consequences thereof could have unforeseen material effects on Airbus’s business, results of operations and 
financial condition, and in particular if these were to impact Airbus’s commercial aviation activities or 
otherwise impact its access to financing. 
Foreign Currency Exposure risk  
In 2021, more than 70 per cent. of the Issuer’s revenues are denominated in US dollars, with approximately 
60 per cent. of such currency exposure “naturally hedged” by US dollar-denominated costs. The remainder of 
costs are incurred primarily in euros. Consequently, to the extent that the Issuer does not use financial 
instruments to hedge its net current and future exchange rate exposure from the time of a customer order to 
the time of delivery, its profits will be affected by market changes in the exchange rate of the US dollar 
against these currencies. 
There are complexities inherent in determining whether and when foreign currency exposure of the Issuer will 
materialise, in particular given the possibility of unpredictable revenue variations arising from order 
cancellations, postponements or delivery delays. The Issuer may also have difficulty in fully implementing its 
hedging strategy if its hedging counterparties are unwilling to increase derivatives risk limits with the Issuer, 
and is exposed to the risk of non-performance or default by these hedging counterparties. The exchange rates 
at which the Issuer is able to hedge its foreign currency exposure may also deteriorate, as the euro could

--- Page 18 ---
10 
appreciate against the US dollar for some time, as has been the case in the past and as higher capital 
requirements for banks result in higher credit charges for uncollateralised derivatives. Accordingly, the 
Issuer's foreign currency hedging strategy may not protect it from significant changes in the exchange rate of 
the US dollar to the euro and the pound sterling, in particular over the long-term, which could have a negative 
effect on its financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the portion of the Issuer's US dollar 
denominated revenues that is not hedged in accordance with the Issuer's hedging strategy will be exposed to 
fluctuations in exchange rates, which may be significant. As of 31 December 2021, the total hedge portfolio 
with maturities up to 2027 amounts to US$ 88.3 billion and covers a major portion of the foreign exchange 
exposure expected over the period of the operative planning. 
Furthermore, the Issuer is exposed to certain other price risks such as interest rate risks, changes in 
commodity prices and in the price of its own stocks. Adverse movements of these prices may jeopardise the 
Issuer's profitability if not hedged. 
Currency exchange rate fluctuations in currencies other than the US dollar in which the Issuer incurs its 
principal manufacturing expenses (mainly the euro) may affect the ability of the Issuer to compete with 
competitors whose costs are incurred in other currencies. This is particularly true with respect to fluctuations 
relative to the US dollar, as many of the Issuer's products and those of its competitors (e.g., in the defence 
export market) are priced in US dollars. The Issuer's ability to compete with competitors may be eroded to the 
extent that any of the Issuer's principal currencies appreciates in value against the principal currencies of such 
competitors. 
The Issuer’s consolidated revenues, costs, assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the euro 
are translated into the euro for the purposes of compiling its financial statements. Changes in the value of 
these currencies relative to the euro will, therefore, have an effect on the euro value of the Issuer’s reported 
revenues, costs, EBIT, other financial results, assets, liabilities and equity. 
Sales Financing Arrangements 
In support of sales, Airbus may agree, case by case, to participate in the financing of selected customers. Over 
the last three years on average (2019 to 2021), the average number of aircraft delivered in respect of which 
financing support has been provided by Airbus amounted to approximately 1 per cent. of the number of 
deliveries over the same period. 
The risks arising from Airbus’s sales financing activities may be classified into two categories: (i) credit risk, 
which relates to the customer’s ability to perform its obligations under a financing arrangement, and (ii) 
aircraft value risk, which primarily relates to unexpected decreases in the future value of aircraft. Defaults by 
its customers or significant decreases in the value of the financed aircraft in the resale market may materially 
adversely affect Airbus’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Airbus’s sales financing arrangements expose it to residual aircraft value risk, because it generally retains 
security interests in aircraft for the purpose of securing customers’ performance of their financial obligations 
to Airbus, and/or because it may guarantee a portion of the value of certain aircraft at certain anniversaries 
from the date of their delivery to customers. Under adverse market conditions, the market for used aircraft 
could become illiquid and the market value of used aircraft could significantly decrease below projected 
amounts. In the event of a financing customer default at a time when the market value for a used aircraft has 
unexpectedly decreased, Airbus would be exposed to the difference between the outstanding loan amount and 
the market value of the aircraft, net of ancillary costs (such as maintenance and remarketing costs, etc.). 
Similarly, if an unexpected decrease in the market value of a given aircraft coincided with the exercise 
window date of an asset value guarantee with respect to that aircraft, Airbus would be exposed to losing as 
much as the difference between the market value of such aircraft and the guaranteed amount, though such 
amounts are usually capped. Through the Airbus Asset Management department or as a result of past

--- Page 19 ---
11 
financing transactions, Airbus is the owner of used aircraft, exposing it directly to fluctuations in the market 
value of these used aircraft. 
In addition, Airbus has backstop commitments to provide financing related to orders on Airbus’s and ATR’s 
backlog. Airbus’s sales financing exposure could rise in line with future sales growth depending on the 
agreement reached with customers. Airbus remains exposed to the risk of defaults by its customers or 
significant decreases in the value of the financed aircraft in the resale market, which may have a negative 
effect on its future financial condition and results of operations. 
Liquidity 
The Issuer is exposed to liquidity risk in case of funding needs during a market disruption situation. If the 
liquidity risk would materialise, the Issuer could be at risk of not being able to pay its creditors and 
shareholders in due time or could have to delay the closing of some transactions. The liquidity risk can arise 
when money markets and debt capital markets are closed for new issuances for a period of time. In order to 
mitigate this risk, the Issuer maintains: 
• 
significant amounts of highly liquid cash on-balance sheet; 
• 
undrawn committed credit facilities; 
• 
diversified Euro funding programmes (such as a € 12 billion euro medium-term note (“EMTN”) 
programme eligible to the Corporate Sector Purchase Programme of the European Central Bank 
(“ECB”), a € 11 billion Negotiable European Commercial Paper programme eligible to the Pandemic 
Emergency Purchase Programme of the ECB, and a € 4 billion Euro Commercial Paper programme); 
and 
• 
access to USD funding (through a US$ 3 billion US Commercial Paper programme, and a 144A US 
dollar bond market). 
On 26 February 2021, the Issuer exercised the first extension option of the maturity of its undrawn New 
Credit Facility (implemented in 2020 for € 15 billion in response to the COVID-19 pandemic and reduced to 
€ 6.2 billion after take-outs) from 30 March 2021 to 30 September 2021. 
In August 2021, given the increase of its net cash position and its robust liquidity, the Issuer decided not to 
exercise the second extension option of the € 6.2 billion New Credit Facility that matured on 30 September 
2021. In the meantime, the Issuer extended the maturity of its € 6 billion Revolving Syndicated Credit Facility 
to 21 October 2024. 
Going forward, the Issuer will continue to adopt a prudent approach when it comes to managing its liquidity 
with the objective of maintaining its robust credit rating. 
Counterparty Credit 
In addition to the credit risk relating to sales financing as discussed above, Airbus is exposed to credit risk to 
the extent of non-performance by its counterparties for financial instruments, such as hedging instruments 
(US$ 88.3 billion nominal value at 31 December 2021) and cash investments (US$ 20.65 billion nominal 
value at 31 December 2021). However, Airbus has policies in place to avoid concentrations of credit risk and 
to ensure that credit risk exposure is limited. 
Counterparties for transactions in cash, cash equivalents and securities as well as for derivative transactions 
are limited to highly rated financial institutions, corporates or sovereigns. Airbus’s credit limit system assigns 
maximum exposure lines to such counterparties, based on a minimum credit rating threshold as published by 
S&P’s and Moody’s. If neither is present, Fitch ratings are used. Besides the credit rating, the limit system

--- Page 20 ---
12 
also takes into account fundamental counterparty data, as well as sector and maturity allocations and further 
qualitative and quantitative criteria such as credit risk indicators. The credit exposure of Airbus is reviewed on 
a regular basis and the respective limits are regularly monitored and updated. 
As of 31 December 2021 the credit exposure had been estimated as follows (in € million)(1): 
Source of risk 
Exposure
Unexpected Loss Contribution
Banks 
3,074
43
Corporates 
3,917
90
Sovereign issuers 
1,326
12
Money market funds 
12,328
21
Total 
20,645
166
(1) 
Not audited. 
 
Airbus also seeks to maintain a certain level of diversification in its portfolio between individual 
counterparties as well as between financial institutions, corporates and sovereigns in order to avoid an 
increased concentration of credit risk on only a few counterparties. 
However, there can be no assurance that Airbus will not lose the benefit of certain derivatives or cash 
investments in case of a systemic market disruption. In such circumstances, the value and liquidity of these 
financial instruments could decline and result in a significant impairment, which may in turn have a negative 
effect on Airbus’s financial condition and results of operations. 
Moreover, the progressive implementation of new financial regulations and adjustments to existing 
regulations will have an impact on the business model of banks (for example, the split between investment 
banking and commercial banking activities) and on the capital structure and cost of such banks’ activities in 
relation to over-the-counter derivatives, and therefore on the funding consequences of central clearing and 
collateralisation of over-the-counter derivatives for corporations like Airbus. This may ultimately increase the 
cost and reduce the liquidity of Airbus’s long-term hedges, for example, as banks seek to either pass-on the 
additional costs to their corporate counterparties or withdraw from low-profit businesses altogether. 
Pension Commitments 
Airbus participates in several pension plans for both executive as well as non-executive employees, some of 
which are underfunded. As of 31 December 2021, the provision for retirement plans and similar obligations 
amounted to € 7.1 billion. For information related to these plans, please refer to the “Notes to the 2021 Airbus 
Audited Consolidated Annual Financial Statements – Note 31: Post-employment Benefits”. Although Airbus 
has recorded a provision in its balance sheet for its share of the underfunding based on current estimates, there 
can be no assurance that these estimates will not be revised upward in the future, leading Airbus to record 
additional provisions in respect of such plans. 
Necessary adjustments of such provisions include but are not limited to (i) the discount factor (dependent in 
part on interest rates) and the inflation rate applied to calculate the net present value of the pension liabilities,

--- Page 21 ---
13 
(ii) the performance of the asset classes which are represented in the pension assets, and (iii) behavioural 
assumptions regarding beneficiaries, and (iv) additional cash injections contributed by Airbus from time to 
time to the pension assets. Airbus has taken measures to reduce potential losses on the pension assets and to 
better match the characteristics of the pension liabilities with those of the pension assets as a long-term 
objective. Nevertheless, any required additional provisions would have a negative effect on Airbus’s total 
equity (net of deferred tax), which could in turn have a negative effect on its future financial condition. 
2. Business-Related Risks 
Commercial Aircraft and Helicopter Market Factors 
Historically, Airbus has experienced that order intake for commercial aircraft has shown cyclical trends, due 
in part to changes in passenger demand for air travel and the air cargo share of freight activity, which are in 
turn driven by a range of economic variables, such as GDP growth, private consumption levels or working 
age population size. Other factors, however, play an important role in determining the market for commercial 
aircraft, such as (i) the average age and technical obsolescence of the fleet relative to new aircraft; (ii) the 
number and characteristics of aircraft taken out of service and parked pending potential return into service; 
(iii) passenger and freight load factors; (iv) airline pricing policies and resultant yields; (v) airline financial 
health; (vi) the availability of third party financing for aircraft purchases; (vii) evolution of fuel price; (viii) 
regulatory environment; (ix) environmental constraints imposed upon aircraft operations, such as the Carbon 
Offsetting and Reduction Scheme for International Aviation (“CORSIA”), carbon standards and other 
environmental taxes; and (x) market evolutionary factors such as the volume of business-related travel or the 
growth of low-cost passenger airline business models or the impact of e-commerce on air cargo volumes or 
consolidation of airlines. The COVID-19 pandemic and resulting health and economic crisis can amplify the 
impact of these factors, with the volatility observed during 2020 and 2021. 
The factors described above may have a material impact on the commercial aircraft industry and therefore, on 
Airbus’s financial condition and results of operations. In 2021, the commercial aircraft business segment of 
Airbus recorded total revenues of € 36.1 billion – representing 69 per cent. of Airbus’s revenues. See “– 
Information on Airbus’s Activities – 1.1.2 Airbus (Commercial Aircraft)” of the 2021 Universal Registration 
Document. During the COVID-19 pandemic, Airbus observed that the downturn in its commercial aircraft 
business was partially mitigated by its defence, space and government activities. Such a cyclical pattern had 
already been observed in the past but historically diminished, due to the significant growth of Airbus’s 
commercial aircraft business relative to its other activities, until the global pandemic arrived. 
The commercial helicopter market in which Airbus operates has shown cyclical trends and could also be 
influenced by factors listed above. The civil and parapublic market has shown signs of recovery in 2021, 
notably in the intermediate single engine helicopter segment led by the private and business aviation market. 
However, the offshore oil and gas market remains soft with low level of investments in the acquisition of new 
platforms. Flight hours have decreased slightly due to the pandemic however Airbus Helicopters has 
increased revenues thanks to the wide-ranging portfolio of service solutions. 
COVID-19 Risks 
Over the last two years, new variants and the successive waves of the COVID-19 pandemic, the resulting 
health and economic crisis and actions taken in response to the spread of the pandemic, including government 
measures, lockdowns, travel limitations and restrictions, have resulted in significant disruption to Airbus’s 
business, operations and supply chain. 
The aerospace industry, the financial health of operators, airlines, lessors and suppliers, commercial aircraft 
market, demand for air travel and commercial air traffic have been severely impacted by the COVID-19 
pandemic and the resulting health and economic crisis. As a result, airlines have reduced capacity, grounded

--- Page 22 ---
14 
portions of their fleets, sought to implement measures to reduce cash spending and secure liquidity. Some 
airlines are also seeking arrangements with creditors, restructuring or applying for bankruptcy or insolvency 
protection, which may have further consequences for Airbus and its order book as well as other consequences 
resulting from the related proceedings. Airbus will continue to face additional risks and uncertainties resulting 
from future consequences of the health and economic crisis on operators, airlines, lessors, suppliers and other 
actors in the air transport industry. See also “– Commercial Aircraft and Helicopter Market Factors” below. 
Over the last two years, a number of measures have been taken by Airbus to implement stringent health and 
safety procedures while taking account of stock levels and production lead-times. The COVID-19 crisis may 
lead to further disruptions to Airbus’s internal operations and to its ability to deliver products and services. 
See also “– Dependence on Key Suppliers and Subcontractors” below. 
In addition to its impact on the financial viability of operators, airlines and lessors and the reduction of 
commercial air traffic, lockdowns, travel limitations and restrictions around the world have posed logistical 
challenges and may continue to cause disruptions to Airbus’s business, its operations and supply chain. These 
measures have and may continue to adversely affect Airbus’s ability to deliver products and services as well 
as customers’ ability to take delivery of aircraft. 
Airbus has been adversely affected by weak market and economic conditions in markets around the world. 
Protracted weaker market and economic conditions and their knock-on effects have and could continue to 
result in (i) additional requests by customers to postpone delivery or cancel existing orders for aircraft 
(including helicopters) or other products including services, (ii) decisions by customers to review their fleet 
strategy, (iii) weak levels of passenger demand for air travel and cargo activity more generally, (iv) a 
sustained reduction in the volume of air travel for business purposes, and (v) prolonged or additional travel 
limitations and restrictions, which could negatively impact Airbus’s results of operations. 
In 2021, Airbus delivered 611 commercial aircraft, 8 per cent. more than in 2020 (compared to 566 
commercial aircraft in 2020, which was 34 per cent. fewer than in 2019, in line with Airbus’s adaptation 
plan). This reflects customer requests to defer deliveries as well as other factors related to the ongoing 
COVID-19 crisis. In 2021, Airbus recorded 264 cancellations (compared to 115 cancellations in 2020). 
On 21 January 2021, Airbus announced its decision to update its production rates in response to the market 
environment. 
On 27 May 2021, Airbus provided suppliers with an update of its production plans based on its expectation 
that the commercial aircraft market may recover to pre-COVID levels between 2023 and 2025, led by the 
single-aisle segment. In anticipation of a continued recovering market, Airbus confirmed an average A320 
Family production rate of 45 aircraft per month in the fourth quarter of 2021 and called on suppliers to 
prepare for the future by securing a firm rate of 64 by the second quarter of 2023. The A220 monthly 
production rate is confirmed to rise to around six in early 2022. The A350 production rate is expected to 
increase to six by Autumn 2022 while A330 production is expected to remain at an average monthly 
production rate of two per month. 
On 28 October 2021, Airbus announced the A220 production rate, which was at five aircraft a month, is 
expected to increase to around rate six per month in early 2022, with a monthly production rate of 14 
envisaged by the middle of the decade. On the A320 Family programme, Airbus is working to secure the ramp 
up and is on trajectory to achieve a monthly rate of 65 aircraft by summer 2023. The recent commercial 
successes of the A330 programme enable a monthly rate increase from around two to almost three aircraft at 
the end of 2022. The A350 programme is expected to increase from around five to around six aircraft a month 
in early 2023.

--- Page 23 ---
15 
Airbus continues to monitor the market closely. With these revised rates, Airbus preserves its ability to meet 
customer demand while protecting its ability to further adapt as the global market evolves. Airbus expects the 
commercial aircraft market to return to pre-COVID levels by 2023 to 2025. 
Airbus is monitoring the evolution of the COVID-19 crisis and will continue to evaluate further impacts and 
additional measures going forward while taking into account the latest industry outlook. 
Although the full impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting health and economic crisis cannot 
reasonably be assessed at this time given its uncertain duration and extent, Airbus’s business, its operations 
and supply chain are likely to be further disrupted by new variants and successive waves of the pandemic, the 
uncertainty it creates and the resulting health and economic crisis. 
Airbus’s business, results of operations and financial condition have been and will continue to be materially 
affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, and Airbus continues to face significant risks and uncertainties related 
to new variants and successive waves of the COVID-19 pandemic and its resulting health and economic 
crisis. 
For further details, please refer to the “Notes to the 2021 Airbus Audited Consolidated Annual Financial 
Statements – Note 2: Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic”. 
Ukraine Crisis 
Russia’s invasion of Ukraine on 24 February 2022 and the resulting export control restrictions and 
international sanctions against Russia, Belarus and certain Russian entities and individuals have resulted in 
disruption to Airbus’s business, its operations, data management and supply chain.  
Following the imposition of export control restrictions and sanctions by the EU, the UK, the US and other 
countries that are relevant to Airbus’s business, Airbus announced in March 2022 that it has suspended the 
delivery of aircraft and support services to Russian customers, as well as the supply of spare parts, equipment 
and software to Russia. Airbus is complying with all applicable regulations and sanctions to its facilities and 
operations in Russia (including the Airbus Russia affiliate, Airbus Engineering Centre (ECAR), representation 
office in Moscow and the Space Division’s two joint ventures in Russia, Energia Satellite Technologies and 
Synertech). See “Export Control Laws and Regulations” below. 
The crisis has increased Airbus’s exposure to supply chain disruption risk. Part of the titanium used by Airbus 
is sourced from Russia, both directly and indirectly through Airbus’s suppliers. While geopolitical risks are 
integrated into Airbus’s titanium sourcing policies, the impact of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine on Airbus’s 
ability to source materials and components and any future expansion of sanctions is being reviewed. 
The crisis has also exposed Airbus to the risk of Soyuz business interruption that will have an impact on 
future launches and may have financial consequences.  
Airbus has activated a crisis management cell in response to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and is monitoring 
the situation and evaluating the impacts to cyber security, operations, production, deliveries, logistics and 
transport as well as impacts on materials and components sourcing, inflation, oil and energy prices. See also 
“– Dependence on Key Suppliers and Subcontractors” and “Industrial System Adaptation” below. 
Although the full impact cannot reasonably be assessed at the time of this report, Airbus’s business, results of 
operations and financial condition may be materially affected by the direct and indirect impacts of Russia’s 
invasion of Ukraine and the resulting export control restrictions and international sanctions.

--- Page 24 ---
16 
Cyber Security Risks 
Airbus’s extensive information and communications systems, industrial environment, products and services 
are exposed to cyber security risks. Cyber security threats are rapidly changing and scenarios of attacks are 
becoming more sophisticated. 
Airbus is exposed to a number of different cyber security risks, directly or through its supply chain, arising 
from actions that may be intentional and hostile, accidental or negligent. Some of the objectives of an attacker 
are espionage, influence, obstacle to functioning or lucrative. The main cyber security risks for Airbus are 
intrusion in systems leading to data leakage, attacks impacting the resilience of industrial systems and 
compromising products and services. 
All of the above mentioned risks are heightened in the context of the increasingly common use of digital 
solutions by Airbus (including greater use of cloud services, mobile devices, “internet of things”), 
increasingly capable adversaries and integration with the extended enterprise. Risks related to Airbus’s 
industrial control systems, manufacturing processes and products are growing with the increase of 
interconnectivity and digitalisation. Moreover, a main challenge is to maintain an appropriate level of security 
of complex and legacy industrial systems to face attacks from hackers, who are improving their techniques 
and skills at incredible speed. 
Finally, Airbus is exposed to reputational damage and destabilisation from the growing volume of false and 
malicious information injected into media and social networks. 
Airbus continues to make significant efforts to prevent such risks from materialising. Targeted investments 
will reduce but not eradicate likelihood and impact through strengthening the business cyber resilience. 
The materialisation of one or several of such risks could lead to severe damage including but not limited to 
significant financial loss, need for additional investment, contractual or reputational performance degradation, 
loss of intellectual property, loss of business data and information, operational business degradation or 
disruptions, and product or services malfunctions. Loss of personal data may result in administrative, civil or 
criminal liabilities including significant fines and penalties. 
Physical Security, Terrorism, Pandemics and Other Catastrophic Events 
Past terrorist attacks, public health crises and the spread of disease (such as the global COVID-19 pandemic 
or the H1N1 flu pandemic or the Ebola epidemic in 2013-2016) have demonstrated that such events may 
negatively affect public perception of air travel safety, which may in turn reduce demand for air travel and 
commercial aircraft. The outbreak of wars, riots or political unrest or uncertainties may also affect the 
willingness of the public to travel by air. Furthermore, major aircraft accidents may have a negative effect on 
the public’s or regulators’ perception of the safety of a given class of aircraft, a given airline, form of design 
or air traffic management. Flight activity restart requires particular focus on safety aspects such as aircraft 
destorage and pilot training. As a result of such factors, the aeronautic industry may be confronted with 
additional sudden or prolonged reduced demand for air transport and be compelled to take additional costly 
security and safety measures. Airbus may, therefore, suffer from a decline in demand for all or certain types of 
its aircraft or other products, and Airbus’s customers may postpone delivery or cancel orders. 
In addition to affecting demand for its products, catastrophic events could disrupt Airbus’s internal operations 
or its ability to deliver products and services. Disruptions may be related to threats to infrastructure, personnel 
security and physical security and may arise from terrorism, conflict and civil unrests, malicious acts, natural 
disasters, fire, damaging weather, and other types of incidents such as drone air traffic disruption. Effects of 
such events may be amplified if they happen on Single Points Of Failure (SPOFs) for which dedicated 
identification and mitigations are monitored. Any resulting impact on Airbus’s production, services or

--- Page 25 ---
17 
information systems could have a significant adverse effect on Airbus’s operations, financial condition and 
results of operations as well as on its reputation and on its products and services. 
Dependence on Key Suppliers and Subcontractors 
Airbus is dependent on numerous key suppliers and subcontractors to provide it with the raw materials, parts, 
assemblies, systems, equipment and services that it needs to manufacture its products. 
Airbus relies upon the good performance and financial health of its suppliers and subcontractors to meet the 
obligations defined under their contracts. A supplier’s performance and health may be negatively impacted by 
a variety of topics including: the current COVID-19 pandemic and its resulting economic impact; loss of 
skilled resources as a result of workforce reduction and difficulties to re-staff due to market employment 
tensions; need for working capital increase while state/bank loans obtained to weather through the crisis have 
reached maturity; difficulty gaining access to the needed material and components, including semiconductors, 
in the needed quantity and time frame and at competitive conditions as well as transport and logistic means 
availability; cyber security threats; geopolitical unrest; export controls evolving regulations and embargoes; 
and environmental issues. 
In the context described above, changes to Airbus’s production or development schedules may impact 
suppliers so that they initiate claims under their respective contracts for financial compensation or do not 
fulfil their on time and on quality delivery commitments. This may have a negative effect on the financial 
condition and results of operations of Airbus. 
As Airbus’s global sourcing footprint extends, some suppliers (or their sub-tier suppliers) may have 
production facilities located in countries that are exposed to socio-political unrest or natural disasters which 
could interrupt deliveries. This may have a negative effect on the financial condition and results of operations 
of Airbus. 
Airbus cannot fully protect itself from non-performance of a supplier, which could disrupt production and in 
turn may have a negative effect on the financial condition and results of operations of Airbus. Airbus has 
implemented a robust governance to prevent, anticipate and monitor supply chain disruption risks and/or 
ensure efficient management of issues. 
Industrial System Adaptation 
The Issuer faces a challenging risk profile due to the complex geopolitical and economic environment, which 
creates risks for its ability to adapt its industrial system and increase its production rates on the Single Aisle 
commercial aircraft programme appropriately. In early 2020, in response to the COVID-19 crisis, the Issuer 
adapted the production rates significantly (-40 per cent.). At the beginning of 2021, air traffic started to 
recover, especially in certain domestic and regional markets, and the Issuer announced in May 2021 an 
industrial ramp-up trajectory that has been confirmed at the end of Q3 2021. In May 2022, the Issuer 
confirmed commercial aircraft production for the A320 Family is progressing towards a monthly rate of 65 
aircraft by summer 2023, in a complex environment and announced working with its industry partners to 
increase A320 Family production rates further to 75 aircraft a month in 2025. The Issuer will continue to 
monitor and adapt according to traffic evolutions and market situation and expectations; hence it is actively 
working and monitoring the ramp-up across the complete value chain for Single Aisle commercial aircraft. 
The Issuer is engaged in a process to adapt its industrial set-up to the new rates. This process is addressing the 
resource adaptation (headcount, skills and competencies) and the fixed cost reduction (industrial facilities, IT 
systems) while protecting inventory level and lead-time between aircraft configuration chosen by its customer 
and aircraft delivery. This encompasses the full industrial process from supply chain (including raw material,

--- Page 26 ---
18 
subcontracted work packages, equipment, etc.) to aircraft delivery. In this process, the Issuer focuses attention 
on quality industrial adherence Production Organisation Approval (POA). 
For more details on specific programme risks, see “Programme-specific risks”. 
Technologically Advanced Products and Services 
Airbus offers its customers products and services that are technologically advanced, so the design, 
manufacturing, components and materials utilised can be complex and require substantial integration and 
coordination along the supply chain. In addition, most of Airbus’s products must function under demanding 
operating conditions. Throughout the lifecycle of its products, Airbus performs checks and inspections, which 
may result in modifications, retrofits or other corrective actions, each of which may have an adverse effect on 
production, operations, in-service performance or financial condition. There can be no assurance that Airbus’s 
products or services will be successfully developed, manufactured or operated or that they will perform as 
intended. 
Certain of Airbus’s contracts require it (i) to forfeit part of its expected profit, (ii) to receive reduced 
payments, (iii) to provide a replacement launch or other products or services, (iv) to provide cancellation 
rights, or (v) to reduce the price of subsequent sales to the same customer if its products fail to be delivered on 
time or to perform adequately. No assurances can be given that performance penalties or contract 
cancellations will not be imposed should Airbus fail to meet delivery schedules or other measures of contract 
performance, in particular with respect to development programmes such as the A220, A350‑900 and -
1000 XWB, A350 Freighter, A400M, H160 or Ariane 6 and to modernisation programmes such as the 
A320neo and the A330neo. See “– Programme-Specific Risks” below. 
In addition to the risk of contract cancellations, Airbus may also incur significant costs or loss of revenues in 
connection with remedial action required to correct any performance issues detected in its products or 
services. See “– Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – 
2.1.1.3 Significant programme developments in 2019, 2020 and 2021 and other financial topics” of the 2021 
Universal Registration Document. Moreover, to the extent that a performance issue is considered to have a 
possible impact on safety, regulators could suspend the authorisation for the affected product or service. 
Any significant problems with the development, manufacturing, operation, performance or safety of Airbus’s 
products and services could have a significant adverse effect on Airbus’s financial condition and results of 
operations as well as on the reputation of Airbus and its products and services. 
Dependence on Public Spending and on Certain Markets 
In any single market, public spending (including defence and security spending) depends on a complex mix of 
geopolitical considerations and budgetary priorities, and may therefore be subject to significant fluctuations 
from year to year and country to country. Any termination or reduction of future funding or cancellations or 
delays impacting existing contracts may have a negative effect on Airbus’s financial condition and results of 
operations. In instances where several countries undertake to enter together into defence or other procurement 
contracts, economic, political or budgetary constraints in any one of these countries may have a negative 
effect on the ability of Airbus to enter into or perform such contracts. 
Airbus has a geographically diverse backlog. Adverse economic and political conditions, as well as downturns 
in broad economic trends in certain countries or regions, may have a negative effect on Airbus’s financial 
condition and results of operations generated not only in those regions but may also affect the rest of the 
world due to complex economic interdependencies. 
Availability of Government and Other Sources of Financing 
In prior years, Airbus and its principal competitors have each received different types of government 
financing of product research and development. However, no assurances can be given that government 
financing will continue to be made available in the future. Moreover, the availability of other outside sources

--- Page 27 ---
19 
of financing will depend on a variety of factors such as market conditions, the general availability of credit, 
Airbus’s credit ratings, as well as the possibility that lenders or investors could develop a negative perception 
of Airbus’s long- or short-term financial prospects if it incurred large losses or if the level of its business 
activity decreased due to an economic downturn. Airbus may, therefore, not be able to successfully obtain 
additional outside financing on appropriate terms, or at all, which may limit Airbus’s future ability to make 
capital expenditures, fully carry out its research and development efforts and fund operations. 
Competition and Market Access 
The markets in which Airbus operates are highly competitive. With regard to Airbus’s commercial aircraft 
business for aircraft with more than 150 seats, Airbus today operates in a competitive duopoly. The design, 
development and production of commercial aircraft involves high barriers to entry (including certification 
requirements, large investment needs, skilled competencies and access to technology and long development 
cycles). Although the two main market participants for aircraft with more than 150 seats have secured 
significant order backlogs, the competition could launch new products or services that could have a negative 
impact on Airbus’s revenues, future financial condition and results of operations. 
New players are operating or seeking to operate in Airbus’s existing markets, which may impact the structure 
and profitability of these markets. In addition, enterprises with different business models and alternative 
technologies could substitute Airbus’s services and some of its products or component parts thereof. In some 
areas, competitors may have more extensive or more specialised engineering, manufacturing, support and 
marketing capabilities. There can be no assurance that Airbus will be able to compete successfully against 
these future competitors or that the competitive pressures it faces in all business areas will not result in 
reduced revenues, market share or profit. See “– Environment, Human Rights, Health & Safety Risks –
 Climate-Related Risks” below. 
In addition, some of Airbus’s largest customers and/or suppliers may develop the capability to manufacture 
products or provide services similar to those of Airbus. This would result in these customers/suppliers 
marketing their own products or services and competing directly with Airbus for sales of these products or 
services, all of which could significantly reduce Airbus’s revenues. 
In addition, the contracts for many aerospace and defence products are awarded, implicitly or explicitly, on 
the basis of home country preference. Although Airbus is a multinational company which helps to broaden its 
domestic market, it may remain at a competitive disadvantage in certain countries, especially outside of 
Europe, relative to local contractors for certain products. The strategic importance and political sensitivity 
attached to the aerospace and defence industries means that political considerations will play a role in the 
choice of many products and services for the foreseeable future. 
The contracts for many aerospace and defence products and services are regularly associated with offset 
obligations. Airbus may face difficulties to meet those obligations, to leverage the assets of the country and at 
the same time to optimise its industrial base and supply chain. 
Major Research and Development Programmes 
The business environment in many of Airbus’s principal operating business segments is characterised by 
extensive research and development costs requiring significant up-front investments with a high level of 
complexity. For the year 2021, research and development expenses were € 2.7 billion. For the year 2020, 
research and development expenses were € 2.9 billion (compared to € 3.4 billion for the year 2019). 
Due to the technologically advanced complex nature of the products that Airbus produces and the long period, 
including ramp up time, it takes to produce them, the business plans underlying such investments often 
contemplate a long payback period before these investments are recouped, and assume a certain level of 
return over the course of this period in order to justify the initial investment. There can be no assurance that 
the commercial, technical and market assumptions underlying such business plans will be met, and 
consequently, the payback period or returns contemplated therein achieved.

--- Page 28 ---
20 
Significant technological, skills and industrial challenges exist to achieve Airbus’s sustainability ambitions for 
the future generations of aerospace. These ambitions require cross industry and cross government 
collaboration to address the technological risks that need to be overcome. See “– Environment, Human 
Rights, Health & Safety Risks – Climate-Related Risks” below. 
Successful development of new programmes also depends on Airbus’s ability to attract and retain engineers 
and other professionals with the technical skills and experience required to meet its specific needs. Demand 
for such engineers may often exceed supply depending on the market, resulting in intense competition for 
qualified professionals. Airbus’s attrition rate in 2021 was 7.4 per cent. overall (including subsidiaries) 
(compared to 5.8 per cent. overall in 2020). There can be no assurance that Airbus will attract and retain the 
personnel it requires to conduct its operations successfully and in particular to attract and retain engineers and 
other professionals with the technical skills and experience required for its research and development 
programmes. Failure to attract and retain such personnel or an increase in Airbus’s employee turnover rate 
could negatively affect Airbus’s financial condition and results of operations more generally and particularly 
its ability to successfully execute its research and development programmes. 
There is a risk of additional repercussions from COVID-19’s impact on skills and expertise. Significant effort 
has been made to maintain key resources and cope with the increased departure of skilled staff with improved 
knowledge management and knowledge transfer schemes across Airbus. 
The COVID-19 crisis has impacted key company technological developments and competencies, but despite 
this, Airbus continues seeking to further its development in sustainable technologies. This commitment directs 
a significant proportion of the longer term technology research efforts for future products and services and is 
based on solving complex problems backed by exploring multiple technology pathways. Retaining this 
ambitious programme is achieved with national research funding through frameworks such as CORAC, 
LUFO, ATI, CDTI and Horizon Europe where the frameworks enable Airbus and the wider aviation 
ecosystem to mature and develop the required key competencies and technologies. 
No assurances can be given that Airbus will achieve the anticipated level of returns from these programmes 
and other development projects, which may negatively affect Airbus’s financial condition and results of 
operations and competitiveness. 
Acquisitions, Divestments, Joint Ventures and Strategic Alliances 
As part of its business strategy, Airbus may acquire or divest businesses and/or form joint ventures or strategic 
alliances. Executing acquisitions and divestments can be difficult and costly due to the complexities inherent 
in integrating or carving out people, operations, technologies and products. There can be no assurance that 
any of the businesses that Airbus intends to acquire or divest can be integrated or carved out successfully, as 
timely as originally planned or that they will perform well and deliver the expected synergies or cost savings 
once integrated or separated. In addition, regulatory, administrative, opposition by social partners or other 
contractual conditions can prevent transactions from being finalised. Each acquisition, divestment, joint 
venture and strategic alliance is very specific in its nature, purpose, risk and opportunities. Airbus identifies 
risks through a detailed and systematic due diligence process and addresses the risks identified through price 
mitigation and/or appropriate contractual coverage, such as indemnification mechanisms, both being the 
tailored-made results of complex negotiations with the sellers/buyers and/or partners. Airbus’s business, 
results of operations and financial condition may be materially affected if these transactions will not be 
successfully completed or do not produce the expected benefits. 
Public-Private Partnerships and Private Finance Initiatives 
Governmental customers may request proposals and grant contracts under schemes known as public-private 
partnerships (“PPPs”). PPPs differ substantially from traditional defence equipment sales, as they often 
incorporate elements such as: 
• 
the provision of extensive operational services over the life of the equipment;

--- Page 29 ---
21 
• 
continued ownership and financing of the equipment by a party other than the customer, such as the 
equipment provider; 
• 
mandatory compliance with specific customer requirements pertaining to public accounting or 
government procurement regulations; and 
• 
provisions allowing for the service provider to seek additional customers for unused capacity. 
Airbus is party to PPP and private finance initiatives (“PFI”) contracts, for example Skynet 5 and related 
telecommunications services, and in the AirTanker (“FSTA”) project both with the UK Ministry of Defence. 
One of the complexities presented by PFIs lies in the allocation of risks and the timing thereof among 
different parties over the life-time of the project. 
There can be no assurance of the extent to which Airbus will efficiently and effectively (i) compete for future 
PFI or PPP programmes, (ii) administer the services contemplated under the contracts, (iii) finance the 
acquisition of the equipment and the ongoing provision of services related thereto, or (iv) access the markets 
for the commercialisation of excess capacity. Airbus may also encounter unexpected political, budgetary, 
regulatory or competitive risks over the long duration of PPP and PFI programmes. 
Programme-Specific Risks 
In addition to the risk factors mentioned above, Airbus also faces the following programme-specific risks that 
could have a material impact on Airbus’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Airbus faces the following main challenges on its commercial programmes: 
• 
adapt to rate and stabilise operational performance post-COVID-19 while maintaining high safety and 
quality standards; 
• 
monitor and support the supply chain; 
• 
accompany customers and facilitate deliveries to customers including by remote delivery process; 
• 
ensure a strong customer focus to support return to operations; and 
• 
protect priority projects and deliver developments as per revised plan including A321XLR, A350 Step7 
(Standard 2022), A350 Freighter, A330-800, A330-800 251t MTOW, A330 Step4, A330 Bridge Tanker 
and Digital (DDMS and Skywise). 
A320 Family programme. In response to the new COVID-19 market environment, the commercial aircraft 
production rate for the A320 Family was reduced to 40 per month in June 2020. In 2021, Airbus announced 
demand for the A320 Family is expected to lead to a gradual increase in production from the rate of 40 per 
month to 43 in Q3 2021 and to 65 by summer 2023. Airbus proactively and constantly monitors the backlog, 
the internal and external supply chain, including engines, so as to ensure readiness for further rate adaptations 
in accordance with traffic evolution, to minimise inventory levels, and secure aircraft storage capacity. In 
connection with the A320 Family programme, Airbus faces the following challenges: ensure the A321XLR 
on-track development including A321XLR certification topics with primary airworthiness authorities, adapt 
and upgrade its industrial system and capability to meet the growing market demands and corresponding 
product mix within the family. Market demand for single aisle aircraft, production and supply chain 
capabilities will evolve in the next few years and Airbus will closely monitor these evolutions including a 
projected significant increase in A321 production. Attention will remain high on ramp up engine availability 
and engine maturity in-service. 
A400M programme. After Airbus signed a contract amendment to restructure the contract, risks remain on 
development of technical capabilities (development effort as well as possible commercial agreement 
associated costs in order to reach Type Acceptance) and the associated costs, on securing sufficient export

--- Page 30 ---
22 
orders in time, on aircraft operational reliability in particular with regards to power plant and on cost 
reductions as per the revised baseline. 
For further information, please refer to the “Notes to the 2021 Airbus Audited Consolidated Annual Financial 
Statements – Note 12: Revenue and Gross Margin”. 
A350 XWB programme. In connection with the A350 XWB programme, Airbus faces the following main 
challenges: to secure revised quarterly delivery targets post-COVID-19, monitor and support the supply chain, 
A350 non-structural surface degradation, reduce recurring costs to improve competitiveness within a 
widebody market recovering at a slower pace and deliver Step 7 as per adapted plan and develop the A350 
Freighter. Decisions on further rate adaptation will depend on traffic evolution. 
A330 programme. In response to the new COVID-19 market environment, the commercial aircraft 
production rate for the A330 programme was adapted to two per month in June 2020. Then, following new 
orders, the decision was taken in Q3 2021 to increase the production rate to almost three in 2023. Decisions 
on further rate adaptation will depend on traffic evolution. In connection with the A330 programme, the main 
challenges Airbus faces are to secure product competitiveness in the widebody market segment, monitor and 
support the supply chain. The developments were on track in 2021: A330neo low speed performance 
improvement certification in February 2021, A330-900 first aircraft ever to receive EASA CO2 certification in 
May 2021, A330neo alternate Centre of Gravity option certification in September 2021. 
A220 programme. In connection with the A220 programme, the main challenges Airbus faces are to secure 
the A220 cost reduction trajectory with a strong focus on its Design to Cost roadmap and recurring cost 
reduction, and to ensure an A220 book to bill above one to fill current open slots. As a consequence of the 
COVID-19 pandemic, the commercial aircraft production rates were adapted to rate five per month (in 
Mirabel and in Mobile) in 2020-2021 and will be increased to rate six early 2022. Attention will remain high 
on engine maturity in service. 
A380 programme. In connection with the A380 programme, Airbus faces the following main challenges: 
secure in service support for the next decades and long-term competitiveness. 
H225 programme. Airbus Helicopters continues to drive improvements across its product range as part of its 
commitment to raise safety standards. The H225 programme is still facing a challenge with the supply chain 
in a COVID-19 context. 
H175 programme. The situation remains challenging on the commercial side: a tough market environment on 
its main offshore segment. 
Tiger programme. The Tiger MKIII contract signature and the lifetime extension out of Tiger MKII contract 
are the key to the future of the programme. Airbus faces the challenge to increase the Tiger availability, whose 
action plans are producing first results. 
NH90 programme. A transformation plan has been initiated to adapt to the challenges of a large and diverse 
in-service fleet with two axes: first to face a rising volume of maintenance and repairs, and second to improve 
fleet availability. 
H160 programme. The main challenges for the H160 programme are to secure the entry-into-service, the 
FAA certification and the industrial ramp-up phase. 
Border security. In connection with border security projects, Airbus faces the following main challenges: 
meeting the schedule and cost objectives taking into account the complexity of the local infrastructures to be 
delivered and the integration of commercial-off-the-shelf products (radars, cameras and other sensors) 
interfaced into complex system networks; assuring efficient project and staffing; managing the rollout 
including subcontractors and customers. Negotiations on change requests in this respect along with schedule 
re-alignments remain ongoing. Airbus continues to engage with its customer to agree a way forward on this

--- Page 31 ---
23 
contract. The outcome of these negotiations is presently unclear but could result in significant further 
financial impacts. 
Defence programmes. Airbus is engaged in major European defence collaboration programmes, such as 
Eurodrone and Future Combat Air System (FCAS), serving several European governments and partnering 
with several European companies of the defence sector. Such complex industrial programmes entail 
alignments and negotiations between many stakeholders on technical, industrial as well as on political 
matters. Due to the very nature of such discussions and the number of stakeholders, there is an inherent risk of 
lengthening the contract preparation phase and hence delaying the signature date. 
3. 
Legal Risks 
Legal and Regulatory Proceedings 
Airbus is currently engaged in a number of active legal and regulatory proceedings. For further information, 
please refer to “Notes to the 2021 Airbus Audited Consolidated Annual Financial Statements – Note 38: 
Litigation and Claims”. 
For the investigation by the UK Serious Fraud Office (“SFO”), France’s Parquet National Financier (“PNF”), 
and the US Departments of State (“DoS”) and Justice (“DoJ”), which is described in “– Anti-Corruption 
Laws and Regulations”, Airbus has reached an agreement with the authorities, which was approved by the 
French and UK courts and US court and regulator on 31 January 2020. The agreement resulted in a fine 
totalling € 3.6 billion plus costs to the French, UK, and US authorities. For further information about the 
investigation and related securities litigation, please refer to “Notes to the 2021 Airbus Audited Consolidated 
Annual Financial Statements – Note 38: Litigation and Claims” (Investigation by the SFO, PNF, DoJ, DoS, 
Related Commercial Litigation and Securities Litigation), respectively. 
Airbus expects to continue to spend time and incur expenses associated with its defence of legal and 
regulatory proceedings, regardless of the outcome, and this may divert the efforts and attention of 
management from normal business operations. Although Airbus is unable to predict the outcome of these 
proceedings, it is possible that they will result in the imposition of damages, fines or other remedies, which 
could have a material effect on Airbus’s business, results of operations and financial condition. An 
unfavourable ruling could also negatively impact Airbus’s stock price and reputation. 
In addition, Airbus is from time to time subject to government inquiries and investigations of its business and 
competitive environment due, among other things, to the heavily regulated nature of its industry. Such 
inquiries and investigations may cover matters relating to, among other matters, anti-bribery laws and 
regulations, export control laws and regulations, securities law, trade law and competition law. An adverse 
decision in any such matter could have a material effect on Airbus’s business, results of operations and 
financial condition. In addition to the risk of an unfavourable ruling against Airbus, any such inquiry or 
investigation could negatively affect Airbus’s reputation and its ability to attract and retain customers and 
investors, which could have a negative effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition. See 
“– Non-Financial Information 1.2.5 – Exemplify Business Integrity” of the 2021 Universal Registration 
Document. 
Anti-Corruption Laws and Regulations 
Airbus is required to comply with applicable anti-bribery laws and regulations in jurisdictions around the 
world where it does business. To that end, an anti-corruption programme has been put in place that seeks to 
ensure adequate identification, assessment, monitoring and mitigation of corruption risks. Despite these 
efforts, ethical misconduct or non-compliance with applicable laws and regulations by Airbus, its employees 
or any third party acting on its behalf could expose it to liability or have a negative impact on its business. 
Airbus may be subject to administrative, civil or criminal liabilities including significant fines and penalties, 
as well as suspension or debarment from government or non-government contracts for some period of time.

--- Page 32 ---
24 
Airbus may also be required to modify its business practices and compliance programme and/or have a 
compliance monitor imposed on it. Any one or more of the foregoing could have a significant adverse effect 
on Airbus’s reputation and its business, results of operations and financial condition. 
In 2016, for example, Airbus announced that it had discovered misstatements and omissions in certain 
applications for export credit financing for Airbus’s customers, and had engaged legal, investigative and 
forensic accounting experts to conduct a review. Separately, the UK SFO announced that it had opened a 
criminal investigation into allegations of fraud, bribery and corruption in the civil aviation business of Airbus, 
relating to irregularities concerning third party consultants. Airbus was subsequently informed that the French 
authorities, the PNF, had also opened a preliminary investigation into the same subject and that the two 
authorities would act in coordination going forward. Airbus engaged with the government of the US (DoS and 
DoJ) relating to conduct forming part of the SFO/PNF investigation that could fall within US jurisdiction. 
Airbus also engaged with the government of the US concerning potential issues of ITAR Part 130 and related 
matters. On 31 January 2020, the French and UK courts and US court and regulator approved an agreement 
reached by Airbus with the authorities. Any breach of the terms of the agreements by Airbus could lead to 
rescission by the authorities of the terms of the agreements and reopening of the prosecutions. Prosecution 
could result in the imposition of further monetary penalties or other sanctions including additional tax liability 
and could have a material impact on the Financial Statements, business and operations of Airbus. The 
agreements reached with authorities may lead to additional commercial litigation and arbitration against 
Airbus and tax liability in the future, which could have a material impact on the Financial Statements, 
business and operations of Airbus. For further information, please refer to “Notes to the 2021 Airbus Audited 
Consolidated Annual Financial Statements – Note 38: Litigation and Claims” (Investigation by the SFO, PNF, 
DoJ, DoS and Related Commercial Litigation). 
Export Controls Laws and Regulations 
The export market is a significant market for Airbus. In addition, many of the products Airbus designs and 
manufactures for military use are considered to be of national strategic interest. Consequently, the export of 
such products outside of the jurisdictions in which they are produced may be restricted or subject to licensing 
and export control requirements, notably by the UK, France, Germany and Spain, where Airbus carries out its 
principal activities relating to military products and services as well as by other countries where suppliers are 
based, notably, the US. There can be no assurance (i) that the export controls to which Airbus is subject will 
not become more restrictive, (ii) that new generations of Airbus’s products will not also be subject to similar 
or more stringent controls or (iii) that geopolitical factors or changing international circumstances will not 
make it impossible to obtain export licenses for one or more clients or constrain Airbus’s ability to perform 
under previously signed contracts. Reduced access to military export markets may have a significant adverse 
effect on Airbus’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Operating worldwide, Airbus must comply with several, sometimes inconsistent, sets of sanctions laws and 
regulations implemented by transnational / national / regional authorities. Depending on geopolitical 
considerations including national security interests and foreign policy, new sanctions regimes may be set up 
or the scope of existing ones may be widened, at any time, immediately impacting Airbus’s activities. This 
has been well illustrated in the current Ukrainian crisis. The imposition of international export control 
restrictions targeting the aviation and space sectors have resulted in Airbus suspending deliveries, the 
provisions of services and the supply of spare parts to customers in Russia. We continue to monitor the 
evolution of the export control restrictions and broader sanctions and will adapt to the changing environment. 
Although Airbus seeks to comply with all such laws and regulations, even unintentional violations or a failure 
to comply could result in suspension of Airbus’s export privileges, or preclude Airbus from bidding on certain 
government contracts (even in the absence of a formal suspension or debarment). 
Furthermore, Airbus’s ability to market new products and enter new markets may be dependent on obtaining 
government certifications and approvals in a timely manner.

--- Page 33 ---
25 
Dependence on Joint Ventures and Minority Holdings 
Airbus generates a proportion of its results through various consortia, joint ventures and equity holdings. 
Airbus recognises its share in the results of its equity holdings in the proportion of the stake held. In 2021, 
Airbus’s total share of result from these arrangements amounted to € 40 million (compared to € 39 million in 
2020 and € 299 million in 2019). Airbus’s individually material joint ventures are ArianeGroup (50 per cent.), 
MBDA (37.5 per cent.) and ATR GIE (50 per cent.). For further information, please refer to the “Notes to the 
2021 Airbus Audited Consolidated Annual Financial Statements – Note 9: Investments Accounted for under 
the Equity Method” and “– Note 15: Share of Profit from Investments Accounted for under the Equity 
Method and Other Income from Investments”. 
The formation of partnerships and alliances with other market players is an integral strategy of Airbus, and the 
proportion of sales generated from consortia, joint ventures and equity holdings may rise in future years. This 
strategy may from time to time lead to changes in the organisational structure, or realignment in the control, 
of Airbus’s existing joint ventures. 
Airbus exercises varying and evolving degrees of control in the consortia, joint ventures and equity holdings 
in which it participates. While Airbus seeks to participate only in ventures in which its interests are aligned 
with those of its partners, the risk of disagreement or deadlock is inherent in a jointly controlled entity, 
particularly in those entities that require the unanimous consent of all members with regard to major decisions 
and specify limited exit rights. The other parties in these entities may also be competitors of Airbus, and thus 
may have interests that differ from those of Airbus. 
Product Liability and Warranty Claims 
Airbus designs, develops and produces a number of high profile products of large individual value, 
particularly civil and military aircraft and space equipment. Airbus is subject to the risk of product liability 
and warranty claims in the event that any of its products fails to perform as designed. While Airbus believes 
that its insurance programmes are adequate to protect it from such liabilities, no assurances can be given that 
claims will not arise in the future or that such insurance coverage will be adequate. 
Airbus follows a policy of seeking to transfer the insurable risk of Airbus to external insurance markets at 
reasonable rates, on customised and sufficient terms and limits as provided by the international insurance 
markets. The insurance industry remains unpredictable. There may be future demands to change scope of 
coverage, premiums and deductible amounts. No assurances can be given that Airbus will be able to maintain 
its current levels of coverage nor that the insurance coverages in place are adequate to cover all significant 
risk exposure of Airbus. 
Any problems in this respect may also have a significant adverse effect on the reputation of Airbus and lead to 
a decline in demand for its products and services. Any reputational damage faced by Airbus may be 
exacerbated due to Airbus’s visibility. 
Airbus cannot predict at this time the impact on it as a result of any product liability or warranty claims as 
such will depend on the nature and size of any such claim. 
Intellectual Property 
Airbus continuously seeks to develop and deliver new products to meet customers’ evolving needs, while also 
improving its existing product lines. Technological innovation has been at the core of Airbus’s strategy since 
its creation. Airbus’s innovations often provide distinct competitive advantages, with many becoming 
standard in the aircraft industry. In addition, Airbus designs, develops and produces a number of high profile 
products of large individual value, particularly civil and military aircraft and space equipment. Therefore, 
intellectual property (“IP”) is one of Airbus’s most valuable assets and the protection of IP is critical to its 
business.

--- Page 34 ---
26 
Airbus relies upon patents, copyright, trademark, confidentiality and trade secret laws, and agreements with 
its employees, customers, suppliers and other parties, to establish and maintain its IP rights in its products and 
services and in its operations. In a typical year, Airbus files around 800 new priority-establishing patent 
applications and files globally around 1,600 national patent applications in global markets where it seeks to 
protect its technology assets. Airbus has granted patents for around 10,500 individual technologies with nearly 
4,000 patents pending. This level of protection is benchmarked against peer and competitor companies and is 
considered sufficient to protect core, proprietary differentiating technology which is developed by Airbus. 
Despite these efforts to protect its IP rights, any of Airbus’s direct or indirect IP rights could be challenged, 
invalidated or circumvented. Further, the laws of certain countries do not protect Airbus’s proprietary rights to 
the same extent as the laws in Europe and the US. Therefore, in certain jurisdictions Airbus may be unable to 
protect its proprietary technology adequately against unauthorised third-party copying or use, which could 
adversely affect its competitive position. Airbus may also face lack of certainty with respect to IP rights for 
existing or new research and development programmes and established or potential partnerships with private 
or public organisations, academic institutions and research councils, charities and government departments, 
where the relevant IP frameworks or user-rights/ownership governing those relationships is dependent on the 
UK’s former status as a member state of the European Union. 
In the event Airbus is unable to adequately procure and protect critical IP it could potentially not implement 
its business strategy. 
Airbus has been accused of infringement on occasion and could have additional claims asserted against it in 
the future. These claims could harm its reputation, result in financial penalties or prevent it from offering 
certain products or services which may be subject to such third-party IP rights. Any claims or litigation in this 
area, whether Airbus ultimately wins or loses, could be time-consuming and costly, harm Airbus’s reputation 
or require it to enter into licensing arrangements. Airbus might not be able to enter into these licensing 
arrangements on acceptable terms. If a claim of infringement were successful against it, an injunction might 
be ordered against Airbus, causing further losses. There are currently no significant claims of IP infringement 
pending against Airbus. Minor claims and pre-dispute matters commonly settle either without the issuance of 
formal legal proceedings or during initial proceedings. 
4. 
Environment, Human Rights, Health & Safety Risks 
Climate-Related Risks 
Climate change may have a major impact on both Airbus’s industrial operations and its upstream and 
downstream value chain, including aircraft direct operations and the wider air transport ecosystem along with 
a strong influence on regulations and stakeholders expectations. Accordingly, climate-related risks can 
potentially affect Airbus’s business and competitiveness, its customers and other actors from the aviation 
industry. 
Airbus categorises its climate-related risks and opportunities according to the Task Force on Climate-related 
Financial Disclosures (“TCFD”) recommendations. In particular, risks are sorted into two categories: 
transition and physical. 
Transition Risks 
Technology: Airbus has identified the risk of a reduction in Airbus’s business, results of operations and 
financial condition if a competitor brings a lower emission product to the market before it does. Delivering on 
commitments and potential future requirements to mitigate climate impacts will require significant 
technological developments for the commercial aircraft sector as well as appropriate infrastructure 
developments and other ecosystem adaptations. In the event that a competitor or new market participant has 
access to technological developments unavailable to Airbus and is able to place on the market a large 
passenger aircraft with significantly lower emissions before Airbus, climate mitigation requirements may

--- Page 35 ---
27 
push the market towards competing products until Airbus and its partners can develop a competing 
alternative, which could lead to a temporary loss of market competitiveness and reduced revenue. 
Market: Changes in societal expectations and growing concerns about climate change may impact market 
demand for air transport. In particular, a change in certain passengers’ behaviour or their transition to other 
transport modes could decrease the demand for Airbus’s current and future generation of products, causing a 
loss of revenues. 
The development of future products based on the ZEROe concepts will require significant investments in both 
products and supporting infrastructure, which could directly impact the operating costs of such a product. 
The competitiveness of this next generation product will also strongly depend, among other factors, on the 
evolution of the price of carbon dioxide emissions. It is, therefore, crucial for Airbus to account at each step of 
development for market expectations, while staying affordable for its customers and competitive with regards 
to competitors’ portfolios. The failure to do so could result in Airbus losing market share to competitors, as 
well as affecting Airbus’s return on investment with regards to future commercial aircraft products. 
Energy transition: Airbus has identified a risk of insufficient availability of low carbon fuels (such as 
sustainable aviation fuels or hydrogen) and the limited number of innovative certified pathways that may 
compromise the decarbonisation ambition of Airbus and for the whole aviation sector. 
Policy and Legal: Aviation is a complex industry, with long product development cycles and where change 
takes a long time to be implemented. A rapid evolution of climate-related policies (such as carbon pricing 
policies and sustainable aviation fuel policies) and regulatory frameworks (CO2 standards, sustainable 
finance, emissions trading systems, aircraft operation restrictions among others) could generate fast-changing 
requirements and could obstruct new product development pathways. As aviation is a global industry, policies 
and regulatory frameworks implemented at regional level rather than international level, or evolving at a 
different speed depending on the region, would unbalance a competitive level playing field for manufacturers 
and operators possibly creating market distortion. This could result in a loss of competitiveness for Airbus. 
Reputation: Reputational risks could be divided in several categories. Firstly, there is a risk that 
misperceptions about Airbus’s environmental performance is used as a key decision-making criteria for 
consumers, investors, or even new talents. Secondly, there is a risk that Airbus’s reputation is damaged by 
growing societal concerns about the climate change impact of aviation or by the lack of transparency on 
progress made to address climate-related issues. 
As an example, Airbus was the first manufacturer to disclose its ambition to bring a zero-emission aircraft to 
the market. If the ambition is perceived as unattainable or if Airbus is not able to deliver on its ambition it 
could result in reputational damage leading to reduced investment, loss of revenues and reduced 
attractiveness. A similar situation could occur if Airbus’s environmental performance is not on par with its 
expressed ambition. 
Physical Risks 
The foreseen consequences of climate change include harsher average weather conditions and more frequent 
extreme weather events, such as hurricanes, hail storms, heat waves or extreme cold spells. To cope with 
degraded operational conditions, costly, time-consuming and more frequent redesigns may be required by 
Airbus to improve its products to meet more stringent regulation and certification criteria or standards. 
The effects of climate change on weather conditions may impact operating conditions of Airbus’s industrial 
activities (including the activities of its supply chain) with higher occurrence and severity of, for instance, 
hurricanes, hail storms or floods. As a consequence, industrial activities may be disrupted or interrupted if a 
part of Airbus’s industrial system or its supply chain is affected or impaired by such events. Airbus’s future 
installations may require more stringent requirements and planning to withstand more intense weather events. 
Regulated Chemicals

--- Page 36 ---
28 
Evolution of the chemicals’ regulatory framework may lead to short- and long-term potential bans and 
restrictions, and result in business disruption across Airbus’s value chain. 
With the aim of protecting human health and the environment, regulators at national and international level 
have developed a stringent set of legal requirements that are continuously evolving to regulate, minimise the 
use of and eliminate various substances. 
Due to the above-mentioned regulatory requirements, Airbus has identified the risk of chemicals obsolescence 
that may lead to supply disruption. 
In order to reduce the use of targeted substances and mitigate the risk of disruption in its operations and 
supply chain, Airbus’s policy is the development of alternative technologies that use substances of less 
concern and substitution of these when suitable alternatives meeting stringent certification and airworthiness 
criteria are available for deployment. 
Complementary to substitution, digital solutions are being developed to improve traceability of regulated 
substances in its products from the early design steps down to the end of life. 
Regulatory Risks 
Airbus’s expenditure associated with environmental, human rights, health and safety challenges may increase 
due to both increased costs of compliance with regulations in those areas as well as reputational and litigation 
risks. 
Given the scope of its activities and the industries in which it operates, Airbus is subject to stringent 
environmental, human rights, health and safety laws and regulations in numerous jurisdictions around the 
world. Airbus therefore incurs, and expects to continue to incur, significant capital expenditure and other 
operating costs to comply with increasingly complex laws and regulations covering the protection of the 
natural environment as well as occupational health and safety and human rights. Health and safety 
expenditures include investments in the identification and the prevention, elimination or control of physical 
and psychological risks to people arising from work, including chemical, biological, mechanical and physical 
agents. Risks that could arise from work activities include the possibility of injury, physical and mental ill-
health, damage to equipment, business interruption and regulatory action. Any reputational risk and claims 
against Airbus that may result will also need to be managed and may lead to additional health and safety 
expenditure being required. In 2021, Airbus maintained its stringent COVID-19 risk management measures in 
the workplace. However, Airbus recognises that its employees continue to face physical and mental ill-health 
risks due to the COVID-19 associated public health controls, combined with Airbus adaptation plans. 
Environmental protection expenditures include costs to prevent, control, eliminate or reduce emissions to the 
environment, waste management, the content of Airbus’s products, and reporting and warning obligations. 
Current trends indicate that regulatory pressure on the international scene to reduce the environmental 
footprint of industry is steadily growing (circular economy and resources efficiency, energy transition and 
climate change engagement, air and water quality improvement). Moreover, new laws and regulations, the 
imposition of tougher license requirements, increasingly strict enforcement or new interpretations of existing 
laws and regulations may cause Airbus to incur increased capital expenditure and operating costs in the future 
in relation to the above, which could have a negative effect on Airbus’s business, results of operations and 
financial condition. 
If Airbus fails to comply with environmental, human rights, health and safety laws and regulations, even if 
caused by factors beyond its control, that failure may result in the levying of civil or criminal penalties and 
fines against it. Regulatory authorities may require Airbus to conduct investigations and undertake remedial 
activities, curtail operations or close installations or facilities temporarily to prevent imminent risks. In the 
event of an industrial accident or other serious incident, employees, customers and other third parties may file 
claims for ill-health, personal injury, or damage to property or the environment (including natural resources). 
Further, liability under some environmental, human rights, health and safety laws can be imposed

--- Page 37 ---
29 
retrospectively, on a joint and several basis, and in relation to contaminated sites, without any finding of non-
compliance or fault. These potential liabilities may not always be covered by insurance, or may be only 
partially covered. The obligation to compensate for such damages could have a negative effect on Airbus’s 
business, results of operations and financial condition. 
In addition, the various products manufactured and sold by Airbus must comply with relevant health, safety 
and environmental laws, for example those designed to protect customers and downstream workers or 
communities, and those covering substances and preparations, in the jurisdictions in which they operate. 
Although Airbus seeks to ensure that its products meet the highest quality standards, increasingly stringent 
and complex laws and regulations, new scientific discoveries, delivery of defective products or the obligation 
to notify or provide regulatory authorities or others with required information (such as under the European 
Union Regulation known as “REACH”, which addresses the production and use of chemical substances) may 
force Airbus to adapt, redesign, redevelop, recertify and/or eliminate its products from the market thereby 
incurring significant additional costs. Seizures of defective products may be pronounced, and Airbus may 
incur administrative, civil or criminal liability. Any problems in this respect may also have a significant 
adverse effect on the reputation of Airbus and lead to a decline in demand for its products and services. 
Despite compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, Airbus’s reputation and the demand for its 
products may also be affected by the public perception of environmental and societal impacts of Airbus’s 
products in operation (such as the emission of greenhouse gases or noise) and of the impacts of Airbus and its 
supply chain industrial operations on local communities, on the environment and on air and water quality. 
Airbus cannot predict at this time the impact on it as a result of environmental, human rights, health and 
safety matters, and may be adversely affected by them in the manner described above. For further information 
on sustainability-related risks, see “– 1.2. Non-Financial Information – 1.2.1 Airbus’s Approach to 
Sustainability” of the 2021 Universal Registration Document. 
Risk factors relating to the Notes 
1 
Risks related to the structure of certain types of Notes which may be issued under the 
Programme 
Any early redemption at the option of the Issuer, if provided for in any Final Terms for a particular 
issue of Notes, could cause the yield received by Noteholders to be considerably less than anticipated. 
The Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of the Issuer 
including a Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer as described in Condition 6(e), a Make-Whole Redemption by 
the Issuer as described in Condition 6(f) or a Residual Maturity Call Option as described in Condition 6(g). 
As a consequence, the yields received upon redemption may be lower than expected, and the redemption price 
of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder. In such a case, part of 
the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the Noteholder would not receive the total amount 
of the capital invested.  
In addition, investors that choose to reinvest monies they receive through an early redemption may be able to 
do so only in securities with a lower yield than the redeemed Notes. 
The existence of these early redemption options in a particular Series of Notes could limit the market value of 
such Notes.  
In particular, with respect to the Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer (Condition 6(e)), there is no obligation on 
the Issuer to inform investors if and when the Minimum Percentage (as defined in the relevant Final Terms) of 
a particular Series of Notes has been reached or is about to be reached, and the Issuer’s right to redeem will 
exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of the Clean-

--- Page 38 ---
30 
up Call Option by the Issuer the Notes may have been trading significantly above the redemption price, thus 
potentially  resulting in a loss of capital invested. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
The Issuer may issue Fixed/Floating Rate Notes under the Programme which may bear interest at a rate that 
the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The 
Issuer's ability to convert the interest rate will affect the secondary market and the market value of such Notes 
since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of 
borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the 
same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. 
If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates 
on its Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer may issue Notes in any currency.  The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the 
Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial 
activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor's Currency”) other than 
the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including 
changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk 
that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the 
Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the 
principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal 
than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Investors will not be able to calculate in advance their rate of return on Floating Rate Notes; negative 
Rates of Interest 
The Issuer may issue Floating Rate Notes.  A key difference between Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate 
Notes is that interest income on Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, 
investors are not able to determine a definite yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so 
that their return on investment cannot be compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest 
periods. If the Conditions of the Notes provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to 
the reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest income paid 
to them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. 
Furthermore, should the Reference Rate in respect of a Floating Rate Note be at any time negative, it could, 
notwithstanding the addition of the Margin, result in the actual Rate of Interest being lower than zero, though 
in such case, no amount shall be due by the Noteholders to the Issuer. 
Zero Coupon Notes are subject to higher price fluctuations than non-discounted Notes 
The Issuer may issue Zero Coupon Notes.  Changes in market interest rates have a substantially stronger 
impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes than on the prices of ordinary Notes because the discounted issue 
prices are substantially below par. If market interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher price 
losses than other Notes having the same maturity and credit rating. Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon 
Notes are a type of investment associated with a particularly high price risk.

--- Page 39 ---
31 
Interest rate risks relevant to Fixed Rate Instruments 
The Issuer may issue notes which pay a fixed Rate of Interest.  Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the 
risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the value of Fixed Rate Notes. 
The application of the net proceeds of Green Bonds as described and defined in “Use of Proceeds” may 
not meet investor expectations or be suitable for an investor’s investment criteria 
The Final Terms relating to a specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it is the Issuer’s intention to apply 
the proceeds of those Notes for projects that promote climate-friendly and other environmental purposes 
(“Eligible Projects”), as described in the Issuer’s Green Financing Framework (the “Green Financing 
Framework”) which will be accessible through the Issuer’s website prior to any issuance of Green Bonds at 
www.airbus.com and as updated, supplemented or replaced from time to time. A prospective investor should 
have regard to the information set out in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms 
and the Green Financing Framework regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for itself the 
relevance of such information for the purpose of an investment in such Green Bonds together with any other 
investigation it deems necessary. In connection with the issuance of Green Bonds, an independent provider of 
environmental, social and governance research, ratings and analysis may evaluate the Green Financing 
Framework and may issue an independent opinion (the “Second Party Opinion”) confirming that the Green 
Financing Framework is aligned with the International Capital Market Association Green Bond Principles. 
Neither the Green Financing Framework nor any of the reports, verification assessments, opinions or contents 
of any of the websites referenced in this “Risk Factors” section or elsewhere in this Debt Issuance Programme 
Prospectus are, or shall be deemed to, constitute a part of nor are incorporated into, this Debt Issuance 
Programme Prospectus. 
No assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers or any other person that such use of proceeds 
will satisfy any present or future investment criteria or guidelines with which an investor is required, or 
intends, to comply, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental impact of any project or 
uses, the subject of or related to, the relevant Eligible Green Project. There is also no requirement for any 
Eligible Projects to have a maturity or lifespan matching the minimum duration of any related Green Bonds or 
any other liabilities, and any such mismatch shall not result in an obligation or incentive to redeem any Green 
Bonds at any time. Neither any Arranger nor any Dealer shall be responsible for the ongoing monitoring of 
the use of proceeds in respect of any Green Bonds. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or 
otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a "green" or "sustainable" or an equivalently-
labelled project or loan that may finance such project, or as to what precise attributes are required for a 
particular project or loan to be defined as "green" or "sustainable" or such other equivalent label, nor can any 
assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time or that, if such a 
definition, market consensus or label is developed in the future, any Green Bonds will comply with such 
definition, market consensus or label. A basis for the determination of such a definition has been established 
in the EU with the publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 
of the European Parliament and of the Council on 18 June 2020 (the “Taxonomy Regulation”) on the 
establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU Taxonomy”). The EU Taxonomy 
is subject to further development by way of the implementation by the European Commission through the 
formal adoption of delegated regulations of technical screening criteria for the environmental objectives set 
out in the Taxonomy Regulation. Accordingly, until all the technical screening criteria for the objectives of the 
EU Taxonomy have been finalised no assurance is or can be given by the Issuer, the Arrangers or the Dealers 
that the eligibility criteria for Eligible Projects will satisfy any requisite criteria determined under any future 
regulations on sustainable finance or within the EU Taxonomy at any time, or that any regime implemented in

--- Page 40 ---
32 
the United Kingdom (if any) for issuing ‘green’, ‘environmental’, ‘sustainable’ or other equivalently-labelled 
securities will align with the European (or any other) framework for such securities. 
There can be no assurance by the Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers that the use of proceeds of Notes 
identified in the relevant Final Terms will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any future legislative or 
regulatory requirements, or any present or future investor expectations or requirements with respect to 
investment criteria or guidelines with which any investor or its investments are required to comply under its 
own governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. Each prospective investor should have regard to the 
factors described in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms and seek advice 
from their independent financial adviser or other professional adviser regarding the use of proceeds of any 
Note issue and its purchase of the Notes before deciding to invest. 
No representation or assurance is given as to the suitability or reliability of any opinion, report or certification 
of any third party made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds. For the 
avoidance of doubt, any such opinion, report or certification is not incorporated in this Debt Issuance 
Programme Prospectus. Any such opinion, report or certification is not a recommendation by the Issuer, the 
Arranger, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes and is current only as of the date 
it was issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or 
certification and/or the information contained therein. Investors in such Notes shall have no recourse against 
the Issuer, any Arranger, any Dealer or the provider of any such opinion, report or certification for the 
contents of any such opinion, report or certification. 
In the event that any Notes are listed or admitted to trading on a dedicated “green” or other equivalently-
labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no representation or assurance is given by the 
Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies any present or 
future investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor is required, or intends, to comply. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from 
one stock exchange or securities market to another. No representation or assurance is given or made by the 
Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be 
obtained in respect of any such Notes or that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained 
during the life of the Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Notes issued as Green Bonds towards 
Eligible Projects and to report on the use of proceeds or Eligible Projects as described in this Debt Issuance 
Programme Prospectus, the Issuer’s Green Financing Framework and the applicable Final Terms, there is no 
contractual obligation to do so. There can be no assurance that any such Eligible Projects will be available or 
capable of being implemented in the manner anticipated in the relevant Final Terms or, accordingly, that the 
Issuer will be able to use the proceeds for such Eligible Projects as intended. In addition, there can be no 
assurance that Eligible Projects will be completed as expected or achieve the impacts or outcomes 
(environmental or otherwise) originally expected or anticipated. None of a failure by the Issuer to allocate the 
proceeds of any Notes issued as Green Bonds or to report on the use of proceeds or Eligible Projects as 
anticipated or a failure of a third party to issue (or to withdraw) an opinion or certification in connection with 
an issue of Green Bonds or the failure of the Notes issued as Green Bonds to meet investors’ expectations 
requirements regarding any “green” or similar labels will constitute an event of default or breach of contract 
with respect to any of the Notes issued as Green Bonds. 
A failure of the Notes issued as Green Bonds to meet investor expectations or requirements as to their 
“green”, “sustainable” or equivalent characteristics, including the failure to apply proceeds for Eligible 
Projects, the failure to provide, or the withdrawal of, a third party opinion or certification, the Notes ceasing 
to be listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid or the 
failure by the Issuer to report on the use of proceeds or Eligible Projects as anticipated, may have a material

--- Page 41 ---
33 
adverse effect on the value of such Notes and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio 
mandates to invest in “green” or other equivalently-labelled assets (which consequences may include the need 
to sell the Notes as a result of the Notes not falling within the investor’s investment criteria or mandate). 
2 
Risks related to all Notes issued under the Programme 
Modification, waivers and substitution 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider 
matters affecting their interests generally and to obtain Written Resolutions on matters relating to the Notes 
from Noteholders without calling a meeting. A Written Resolution signed by or on behalf of the holders of not 
less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series who for the time being are entitled 
to receive notice of a meeting in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed and whose Notes are 
outstanding shall, for all purposes, take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed).  
In certain circumstances, where the Notes are held in global form in the clearing systems, the Issuer and the 
Trustee (as the case may be) will be entitled to rely upon: 
 
where the terms of the proposed resolution have been notified through the relevant clearing system(s), 
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer or the Trustee (as the case may be) given by way of 
electronic consents communicated through the electronic communications systems of the relevant 
clearing systems in accordance with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders 
of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series for the time being 
outstanding; and 
 
where electronic consent is not being sought, consent or instructions given in writing directly to the 
Issuer and/or the Trustee (as the case may be) by accountholders in the clearing systems with 
entitlements to such global note or certificate or, where the accountholders hold such entitlement on 
behalf of another person, on written consent from or written instruction by the person for whom such 
entitlement is ultimately beneficially held (directly or via one or more intermediaries), provided that 
the Issuer and the Trustee have obtained commercially reasonable evidence to ascertain the validity of 
such holding and taken reasonable steps to ensure such holding does not alter following the giving of 
such consent/instruction and prior to effecting such resolution; 
A Written Resolution or an electronic consent as described above may be effected in connection with any 
matter affecting the interests of Noteholders, including the modification of the Conditions, that would 
otherwise be required to be passed at a meeting of Noteholders satisfying the special quorum in accordance 
with the provisions of the Trust Deed, and shall for all purposes take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution 
passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held. These provisions permit defined majorities to 
bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and 
Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the Trust Deed provide that the Trustee may, without the consent 
of Noteholders, (A) agree to (i) any modification of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed that is of a 
formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error, (ii) any other modification (except as 
mentioned in the Trust Deed), and (B) waive or authorise any breach or proposed breach of any of the 
provisions of Notes and determine that any Event of Default or potential Event of Default shall not be treated 
as such, in the case of (A) and (B), if in the opinion of the Trustee the interests of the Noteholders will not be 
materially prejudiced thereby. The Trustee may, without the consent of Noteholders agree to the substitution 
of another company as principal debtor under any Notes in place of the Issuer, in the circumstances described 
in Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and Clause 15.2 of the Trust Deed.

--- Page 42 ---
34 
Change of Law 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Debt Issuance 
Programme Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or 
change in English law or the official application or interpretation of English law after the date of this Debt 
Issuance Programme Prospectus. 
Integral multiples of less than €100,000 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified 
Denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent) plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is 
possible that the Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of €100,000 (or its equivalent) that are not integral 
multiples of €100,000 (or its equivalent). In such a case a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such 
amounts, holds a principal amount of less than the minimum Specified Denomination will not receive a 
definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a 
principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one or more Specified Denominations. 
The trading market for the Notes may be volatile and may be adversely impacted by many events 
The market for the Notes is influenced by economic and market conditions and, to varying degrees, market 
conditions, interest rates, currency exchange rates and inflation rates in other European and other 
industrialised countries. There can be no assurance that events in France, Germany, Spain, the rest of Europe 
or elsewhere will not cause market volatility or that such volatility will not adversely affect the price of Notes 
or that economic and market conditions will not have any other adverse effect. 
An active trading market for the Notes may not develop 
There can be no assurance that an active trading market for the Notes will develop, or, if one does develop, 
that it will be maintained. If an active trading market for the Notes does not develop or is not maintained, the 
market or trading price and liquidity of the Notes may be adversely affected. The Issuer and any of its 
subsidiaries are entitled to buy the Notes and the Issuer may issue further Notes, as described in Condition 15. 
Such transactions may favourably or adversely affect the price development of the Notes. If additional and 
competing products are introduced in the markets, this may adversely affect the value of the Notes. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
Airbus is rated by S&P and Moody’s and one or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit 
ratings to the Notes. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, 
additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is 
not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at 
any time. 
The regulation and reform of benchmarks may adversely affect the value of Notes referencing such 
benchmarks 
Interest rates or other types of rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" are the subject of 
ongoing national and international regulatory review and reform, with further changes anticipated. These 
reforms have resulted in the cessation of certain benchmarks, including Sterling London Interbank Offered 
Rate ("LIBOR") and Japanese Yen LIBOR, and the cessation of U.S. Dollar LIBOR is expected to take place 
at the end of June 2023. Other benchmarks could be eliminated entirely or declared unrepresentative. Such 
reforms may cause benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, a benchmark could be eliminated 
entirely or declared unrepresentative, or there could be other consequences that cannot be predicted.  
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or 
to measure the performance of investment funds (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") and Regulation (EU) 
No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”)

--- Page 43 ---
35 
apply to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark within the EU and in the UK, respectively. The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark, in 
particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of such regulation. In each case, such changes could, among other things, have the effect of 
reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affect the volatility of, the published rate or level of the benchmark.  
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increase in regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or participating in the setting of a benchmark 
and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain benchmarks, trigger changes in the 
rules or methodologies used in certain benchmarks or lead to the discontinuation or unavailability of quotes of 
certain benchmarks. 
For Notes which reference any affected benchmark, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates 
and as to potential changes or other reforms to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark rates 
during the term of such Notes and the return on, value of and the trading market for such Notes. 
In accordance with the Conditions, Notes which reference any affected benchmark may be subject to the 
adjustment of the interest provisions in certain circumstances, such as the potential elimination of the relevant 
benchmark, an inability to obtain authorisation or registration by the administrator of the relevant benchmark, 
changes in the manner of administration of such benchmark or the availability of a successor or replacement 
benchmark. The circumstances which could trigger such adjustments are beyond the Issuer's control. The 
subsequent use of a replacement benchmark may result in changes to the Conditions (which could be 
extensive) and/or interest payments that are lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the 
payments that could have been made on such Notes if the relevant benchmark remained available in its 
current form.  
Although pursuant to the Conditions spread adjustments may be applied to any such replacement benchmark 
in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark, the 
application of such adjustments to the Notes may not achieve this objective. Any such changes may result in 
the Notes performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than if the original 
benchmark continued to apply. There is no assurance that the characteristics of any replacement benchmark 
would be similar to the affected benchmark, that any replacement benchmark would produce the economic 
equivalent of the affected benchmark or would be a suitable replacement for the affected benchmark. The 
choice of replacement benchmark is uncertain and could result in the use of risk-free rates (see "The market 
continues to develop in relation to risk free rates (including overnight rates) which are possible reference 
rates for the Notes" for the risks relating to the use of such rates) and/or in the replacement benchmark being 
unavailable or indeterminable.  
The Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark, including 
an inter-bank offered rate such as EURIBOR, SONIA, SOFR or €STR (including any page on which such 
benchmark may be published (or any successor service)) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event 
otherwise occurs, including the possibility that the rate of interest or other amounts payable under the Notes 
could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative reference rate and that such successor rate or 
alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors 
arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark. In certain circumstances, the fallback for the 
purposes of calculation of interest or other amounts payable under the Notes may be based upon a 
determination to be made by the Issuer or by an Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer. In addition, due

--- Page 44 ---
36 
to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the 
involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the 
relevant time and in the event of a permanent discontinuation of any benchmark, the Issuer may be unable to 
appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser may be unable to determine a successor rate or 
alternative rate. In these circumstances, where any benchmark has been discontinued, the Rate of Interest will 
revert to the Rate of Interest applicable as at the immediately preceding Interest Determination Date. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation reforms in making any 
investment decision with respect to any Notes referencing a benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) which are possible 
reference rates for the Notes 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates, such as the 
Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") and the new 
euro short-term rate ("€STR"), as reference rates in the capital markets for sterling, U.S. Dollar and euro 
bonds, respectively, and their adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. This relates not 
only to the substance of the calculation and the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the 
issuance and trading of notes referencing such rates, but also how widely such rates and methodologies might 
be adopted.  
In addition, market participants and relevant working groups have been working together to design alternative 
reference rates based on risk-free rates, including applying term versions of certain risk-free rates (which seek 
to measure the market's forward expectation of an average of these reference rates over a designated term, as 
they are overnight rates) or different measures of such risk-free rates. The market or a significant part thereof 
may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly from that set out in the Conditions and 
used in relation to Notes that reference such risk-free rates issued under this Programme.  If the relevant risk-
free rates do not prove to be widely used in securities such as the Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked 
to such risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes referencing rates that are more widely used. The 
Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR, SOFR 
Compounded Index or €STR that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any 
previous SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR, SOFR Compounded Index or €STR referenced Notes 
issued by it under this Programme. The development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond markets could result 
in reduced liquidity or increased volatility, or could otherwise affect the market price of any Notes that 
reference a risk-free rate issued under this Programme from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of 
such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes 
referencing such risk-free rates. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in notes linked to 
such risk-free rates issued to date and no assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including 
the compounding formula in the Conditions, will gain widespread market acceptance. In addition, the 
methodology for determining any overnight rate index used to determine the Rate of Interest in respect of 
certain Notes could change during the life of such Notes. 
Notes referencing risk-free rates may also have no established trading market when issued, and an established 
trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt securities referencing

--- Page 45 ---
37 
such risk-free rates, such as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate provisions, may evolve over 
time, and trading prices of such Notes may be lower than those of later-issued indexed debt securities as a 
result. Further, if the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the 
trading price of such Notes linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes referencing indices 
that are more widely used. Investors in such Notes may not be able to sell such Notes at all or may not be able 
to sell such Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a 
developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
Certain administrators of risk-free rates have published hypothetical and actual historical performance data. 
Hypothetical data inherently includes assumptions, estimates and approximations and actual historical 
performance data may be limited in the case of certain risk-free rates. Investors should not rely on 
hypothetical or actual historical performance data as an indicator of the future performance of such risk-free 
rates. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes 
which reference SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR, SOFR Compounded Index or €STR. 
Risk-free rates differ from interbank offered rates in a number of material respects 
Risk-free rates may differ from interbank offered rates in a number of material respects, including (without 
limitation) by being backwards-looking in most cases, calculated on a compounded or weighted average 
basis, risk-free, overnight rates and, in the case of SOFR, secured, whereas such interbank offered rates are 
generally expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term, are unsecured and include a risk-element based 
on interbank lending. As such, investors should be aware that risk-free rates may behave materially differently 
to interbank offered rates as interest reference rates for the Notes. For example, since publication of SOFR 
began on 3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in 
comparable benchmarks or other market rates. 
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history. For that reason, 
future performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical performance. The 
level of such rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to historical levels. Prior 
observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as 
correlations, may change in the future. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes 
which reference such risk-free rates to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such 
Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT 
systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to Notes linked 
to interbank offered rates, if Notes referencing backwards-looking SONIA, SOFR, or €STR are redeemed 
early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest payable in respect of such 
Notes shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which 
the Notes become due and payable or are scheduled for redemption. 
Any of the administrators of SONIA, SOFR or €STR may make changes that could change the value of 
SONIA, SOFR or €STR or discontinue SONIA, SOFR, or €STR respectively 
The Bank of England, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or the European Central Bank (or their 
successors) as administrators of SONIA (and SONIA Compounded Index), SOFR (and SOFR Compounded 
Index), or €STR, respectively, may make methodological or other changes that could change the value of 
these risk-free rates and/or indices, including changes related to the method by which such rates and/or 
indices are calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate such rates and/or

--- Page 46 ---
38 
indices, or timing related to the publication of SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR, SOFR 
Compounded Index, or €STR. In addition, an administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or 
dissemination of SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR, SOFR Compounded Index, or €STR, in which 
case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply in accordance with the 
Conditions. An administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, 
adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing any such risk-free rate. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
3 
Risks related to Taxation  
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax (“FTT”) 
The European Commission has published a proposal for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, 
Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia. In December 2015 Estonia 
withdrew from the group of states willing to introduce the FTT (the “Participating Member States”). 
The proposed FTT has very broad scope and could, if introduced in its current form, apply to certain dealings 
in the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and 
subscription of the Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under current proposals the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside of 
the Participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at least one 
party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a Participating Member State. A financial 
institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a Participating Member State in a broad range of 
circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a Participating Member State or (b) 
where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a Participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the Participating Member States and the 
scope of any such tax is uncertain. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. The Council of 
the European Union on Economic and Financial Affairs indicated on 6 December 2016 that the ten 
Participating Member States (excluding Estonia) agreed on certain important measures that will form the core 
engines of the FTT and that work and discussions are still ongoing. The European Commission indicated in 
their Communication on Business Taxation for the 21st Century dated 18 May 2021 that it still considers 
introducing an FTT. 
If the proposed Directive or any similar tax were adopted, transactions in the Notes would be subject to higher 
costs, and the liquidity of the market for the Notes may be diminished.  Prospective holders of the Notes are 
advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 47 ---
39 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
Airbus accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any information contained in the Final Terms relating to an issue of 
Notes). To the best of the knowledge of Airbus, the information contained in this Debt Issuance Programme 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such 
information. The registered office of Airbus is located at Mendelweg 30, 2333 CS Leiden, The Netherlands.

--- Page 48 ---
40 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
This Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus should be read and construed on the basis that such documents are 
incorporated by reference into, and form part of, this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus: 
 
the universal registration document of Airbus dated 6 April 2022 (the “2021 Universal Registration 
Document”) 
 
https://www.airbus.com/sites/g/files/jlcbta136/files/2022-
04/Airbus%20SE%20Universal%20Registration%20Document%202021.pdf; 
 the audited consolidated financial statements of Airbus for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 
and the independent auditor’s report thereon (the “2021 Airbus Audited Consolidated Annual 
Financial Statements”) https://www.airbus.com/sites/g/files/jlcbta136/files/2022-02/airbus-2021-12-31-
en.zip; 
 the audited consolidated financial statements of Airbus for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 
and the independent auditor’s report thereon (the “2020 Airbus Audited Consolidated Annual 
Financial 
Statements”) 
https://www.airbus.com/sites/g/files/jlcbta136/files/2021-06/ARB_ESEF-
FINANCIAL_STATEMENTS_2020_EV_2021_03_25_ESEF.html.zip; 
 the first half-year 2022 financial report of Airbus, including the unaudited condensed interim IFRS 
consolidated financial information of Airbus for the six-month period ended 30 June 2022 and the 
independent 
auditor’s 
review 
report 
thereon 
(the 
“Airbus 
Interims”) 
https://www.airbus.com/sites/g/files/jlcbta136/files/2022-07/Airbus%20SN%20H1%202022.pdf;  
 the unaudited condensed interim IFRS consolidated financial statements of Airbus for the three-month 
period 
ended 
31 
March 
2022 
(the 
"Airbus 
Q1 
Results") 
https://www.airbus.com/sites/g/files/jlcbta136/files/2022-05/Airbus_SN%20Q1%202022.pdf; 
 the Terms and Conditions set out on pages 14 to 41 of the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus dated 2 
August 2013 relating to the Programme https://www.airbus.com/sites/g/files/jlcbta136/files/2021-
06/EADS%202013_Base%20Prospectus%204th%20Submission.pdfhttps://www.airbus.com/content/da
m/corporate-topics/financial-and-company-information/EADS 
2013_Base 
Prospectus 
4th 
Submission.pdf;  
 the Terms and Conditions set out on pages 21 to 48 of the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus dated 4 
August 2014 relating to the Programme https://www.airbus.com/sites/g/files/jlcbta136/files/2021-
06/Airbus%20EMTN%202014%20Base%20Prospectus.pdfhttps://www.airbus.com/content/dam/corpor
ate-topics/financial-and-company-information/Airbus EMTN 2014 Base Prospectus.pdf;  
 the Terms and Conditions set out on pages 23 to 50 of the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus dated 4 
August 2015 relating to the Programme https://www.airbus.com/sites/g/files/jlcbta136/files/2021-
06/A20258220%20v0.0%20Airbus%20EMTN%202015_Base%20Prospectus.pdf; and

--- Page 49 ---
41 
 the Terms and Conditions set out on pages 26 to 57 of the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus dated 8 
August 2019 relating to the Programme https://www.airbus.com/sites/g/files/jlcbta136/files/2021-
06/EMTN-2019_Base-Prospectus.pdf. 
 
save that any statement contained in a document which is deemed to be incorporated by reference shall be 
deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus to the 
extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by 
implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so 
modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus. 
The 2020 and 2021 full year financial statements of Airbus were prepared in accordance with the International 
Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) 
and as endorsed by the EU and with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. The Airbus Interims were 
prepared in accordance with IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting as endorsed by the EU. 
The Issuer will provide, free of charge, at the specified offices of the Paying Agents, upon oral or written 
request, a copy of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus (and any document incorporated by reference). 
Written or oral requests for such documents should be directed to the specified office of any Paying Agent or 
the Listing Agent in Luxembourg. 
The documents incorporated by reference in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus will be published on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu) 
and 
Airbus 
(https://www.airbus.com/investors/hedging-and-debt-information.html). For the avoidance of doubt, the 
content of the websites of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and Airbus do not form part of this Debt Issuance 
Programme Prospectus.

--- Page 50 ---
42 
CROSS-REFERENCE LIST IN RESPECT OF INFORMATION 
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
 
Annex 7 of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980  
 
2022 
2021 
 
2020 
A7.4 
INFORMATION ABOUT 
THE ISSUER 
 
 
 
A7.4.1 
History and development of 
the Issuer 
 
 
 
A7.4.1.1 
the legal and commercial 
name of the Issuer; 
 
Page 152 of the 2021 
Universal Registration 
Document 
 
A7.4.1.2 
the place of registration of the 
Issuer, its registration number 
and legal entity identifier; 
 
Page 152 of the 2021 
Universal Registration 
Document 
 
A7.4.1.3 
the date of incorporation and 
the length of life of the Issuer, 
except where indefinite; and 
 
Page 153 of the 2021 
Universal Registration 
Document 
 
A7.4.1.4 
the domicile and legal form of 
the issuer, the legislation 
under which the issuer 
operates, its country of 
incorporation, and the address 
and telephone number of its 
registered office (or principal 
place of business if different 
from its registered office and 
website of the issuer, if any, 
with a disclaimer that the 
information on the website 
does not form part of the 
prospectus unless that 
information is incorporated by 
reference into the prospectus. 
 
Page 152 of the 2021 
Universal Registration 
Document 
 
A7.4.1.5 
Any recent events particular 
to the issuer and which are to 
a material extent relevant to 
an evaluation of the issuer’s 
solvency. 
Pages 11 and 12 of the 
Airbus Interims 
Pages 8 and 9 of the 
Airbus Q1 Results 
Page 127 of the 2021 
Universal Registration 
Document 
 
A7.5 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 
 
 
A7.5.1 
Principal activities: 
 
 
 
A7.5.1.1 
A brief description of the 
issuer’s principal activities 
stating the main categories of 
products sold and/or services 
performed 
 
Pages 28 to 54 of the 2021 
Universal Registration 
Document

--- Page 51 ---
43 
Annex 7 of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980  
 
2022 
2021 
 
2020 
A7.5.1.2 
The basis for any statements 
in the registration document 
made by the issuer regarding 
its competitive position. 
 
Pages 28 to 54 of the 2021 
Universal Registration 
Document 
 
A7.6 
ORGANISATIONAL 
STRUCTURE 
 
 
 
A7.6.1 
If the issuer is part of a group, 
a brief description of the 
group and of the issuer's 
position within it.  This may 
be in the form of, or 
accompanied by, a diagram of 
the organisational structure if 
this helps to clarify the 
structure. 
 
Pages 165 and 166 of the 
2021 Universal Registration 
Document 
 
A7.9 
ADMINISTRATIVE, 
MANAGEMENT, AND 
SUPERVISORY BODIES 
 
 
 
A7.9.1 
Names, business addresses 
and functions in the issuer of 
the following persons, and an 
indication of the principal 
activities performed by them 
outside the issuer where these 
are significant with respect to 
that issuer: 
 
Pages 176 to 188 of the 2021 
Universal Registration 
Document 
 
 
(a) members 
of 
the 
administrative, 
management 
or 
supervisory bodies; and 
(b) partners with unlimited 
liability, in the case of a 
limited partnership with a 
share capital. 
 
 
 
A7.10 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS  
 
 
A7.10.1 
To the extent known to the 
issuer, state whether the issuer 
is directly or indirectly owned 
or controlled and by whom 
and describe the nature of 
such control, and describe the 
measures in place to ensure 
that such control is not 
abused. 
 
Pages 161 to 165 of the 2021 
Universal Registration 
Document 
 
A7.11 
FINANCIAL 
INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE

--- Page 52 ---
44 
Annex 7 of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980  
 
2022 
2021 
 
2020 
ISSUER'S ASSETS AND 
LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION 
AND PROFITS AND 
LOSSES 
A7.11.1 
Historical Financial 
Information 
Audited historical financial 
information covering the 
latest 2 financial years (at 
least 24 months) or such 
shorter period that the issuer 
has been in operation, and the 
audit report in respect of each 
year.  
Pages 5 to 24 of the 
Airbus Interims 
 
Pages 4 to 71 of the 2021 
Airbus Audited Consolidated 
Annual Financial Statements 
Pages 6 to 83 of the 2020 
Airbus Audited Consolidated 
Annual Financial Statements
 
(a) income statements; 
Page 5 of the Airbus 
Interims 
 
Page 4 of the 2021 Airbus 
Audited Consolidated Annual 
Financial Statements 
Page 6 of the 2020 Airbus 
Audited Consolidated 
Annual Financial Statements
 
(b) statements of 
comprehensive income; 
Page 6 of the Airbus 
Interims 
 
Page 5 of the 2021 Airbus 
Audited Consolidated Annual 
Financial Statements 
Page 7 of the 2020 Airbus 
Audited Consolidated 
Annual Financial Statements
 
(c) statements of financial 
position; 
Pages 7 and 8 of the 
Airbus Interims 
 
Pages 6 and 7 of the 2021 
Airbus Audited Consolidated 
Annual Financial Statements 
Pages 8 and 9 of the 2020 
Airbus Audited Consolidated 
Annual Financial Statements
 
(d) statements of cash flows;  Page 9 of the Airbus 
Interims 
 
Pages 8 and 9 of the 2021 
Airbus Audited Consolidated 
Annual Financial Statements 
Page 10 of the 2020 Airbus 
Audited Consolidated 
Annual Financial Statements
 
(e) statements of changes in 
equity; and 
Page 10 of the Airbus 
Interims 
Page 10 of the 2021 Airbus 
Audited Consolidated Annual 
Financial Statements 
Page 11 of the 2020 Airbus 
Audited Consolidated 
Annual Financial Statements
 
(f) accounting policies and 
explanatory notes 
Pages 11 to 24 of the 
Airbus Interims 
Pages 11 to 71 of the 2021 
Airbus Audited Consolidated 
Annual Financial Statements 
Pages 15 to 83 of the 2020 
Airbus Audited Consolidated 
Annual Financial Statements
A7.11.2 
Auditing of historical 
annual financial 
information 
 
 
 
A7.11.2.1 The historical annual financial 
information must be 
independently audited. The 
audit report shall be prepared 
in accordance with Directive 
2006/43/EC and Regulation 
(EU) No 537/2014. 
Where Directive 2006/43/EC 
and Regulation (EU) No 
537/2014 do not apply, the 
N/A 
The 13 pages report appended 
to the 2021 Airbus Audited 
Consolidated Annual 
Financial Statements 
following page 28 of the IFRS 
company financial statements 
included therein 
Pages 116 to 123 of the 2020 
Airbus Audited Consolidated 
Annual Financial Statements

--- Page 53 ---
45 
Annex 7 of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980  
 
2022 
2021 
 
2020 
historical financial 
information must be audited 
or reported on as to whether 
or not, for the purposes of the 
registration document, it gives 
a true and fair view in 
accordance with auditing 
standards applicable in a 
Member State or an 
equivalent standard. 
Otherwise, the following 
information must be included 
in the registration document: 
(a) a 
prominent 
statement 
disclosing which auditing 
standards 
have 
been 
applied; 
(b) an explanation of any 
significant 
departures 
from 
International 
Standards on Auditing. 
A7.11.2.1a Where audit reports on the 
historical financial 
information have been refused 
by the statutory auditors or 
where they contain 
qualifications, modifications 
of opinion, disclaimers or an 
emphasis of matter, the reason 
must be given, and such 
qualifications, modifications, 
disclaimers or emphasis of 
matter must be reproduced in 
full. 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
CROSS-REFERENCE LIST IN RESPECT OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS  
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
Annex 7 of 
Commission 
Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 
2019/980 
Debt Issuance 
Programme 
Prospectus 
dated 2 August 
2013 
Debt Issuance 
Programme 
Prospectus 
dated 4 August 
2014 
Debt Issuance 
Programme 
Prospectus 
dated 4 August 
2015 
Debt Issuance 
Programme 
Prospectus 
dated 8 August 
2019 
Terms and 
Conditions 
Pages 14 to 41 
(the “2013 
Conditions”) 
Pages 21 to 48 
(the “2014 
Conditions”) 
Pages 23 to 50 
(the “2015 
Conditions”) 
Pages 26 to 57 
(the “2019 
Conditions”)

--- Page 54 ---
46 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an investor or 
are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus. For the avoidance of doubt, 
any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Debt 
Issuance Programme Prospectus shall not form part of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus.  
SUPPLEMENT TO DEBT ISSUANCE PROGRAMME PROSPECTUS 
Airbus has given (or, in connection with the listing of any Notes issued by it, is required to give) an 
undertaking to the Dealers and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange that if at any time during the duration of the 
Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information contained 
in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Notes, it shall 
prepare a supplement to this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or publish a replacement Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent offering of the Notes and shall supply to each Dealer and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange such 
number of copies of such supplement hereto as such Dealer and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange may 
reasonably request.  
 
In relation to each issue of Notes, this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus shall be deemed to be completed 
by the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 55 ---
47 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES  
The following is the text of the terms and conditions (the “Conditions”) that, subject to completion in 
accordance with the provisions of Part A of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes in 
definitive form (if any) issued in exchange for the Global Note(s) representing each Series. The full text of 
these Conditions together with the relevant provisions of Part A of the Final Terms shall be endorsed on such 
Bearer Notes or on the Certificates relating to such Registered Notes. All capitalised terms that are not 
defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in Part A of the relevant Final Terms. Those 
definitions will be endorsed on the definitive Notes or Certificates, as the case may be. References in the 
Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the 
Programme. 
The Notes are constituted by an Amended and Restated Trust Deed (as amended or supplemented as at the 
date of issue of the Notes (the “Issue Date”), the “Trust Deed”) dated 29 July 2022 between Airbus SE 
(formerly known as Airbus Group SE) (“Airbus” or the “Issuer”) and BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee 
Services Limited (the “Trustee”, which expression shall include all persons for the time being the trustee or 
trustees under the Trust Deed) as trustee for the Noteholders (as defined below). These terms and conditions 
include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed, which includes the form 
of the Bearer Notes, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons and Talons referred to below. An Amended and Restated 
Agency Agreement (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the “Agency Agreement”) dated 29 
July 2022 has been entered into in relation to the Notes between Airbus, the Trustee, The Bank of New York 
Mellon, London Branch as initial issuing and paying agent and the other agents named in it. The issuing and 
paying agent, the paying agents, the registrar, the transfer agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time 
being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the “Issuing and Paying Agent”, the “Paying Agents” 
(which expression shall include the Issuing and Paying Agent), the “Registrar”, the “Transfer Agents” 
(which expression shall include the Registrar) and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. Copies of the Trust Deed and 
the Agency Agreement are, or, by the Issue Date, will be available for inspection during usual business hours 
at the principal office of the Trustee (presently at One Canada Square, London E14 5AL, United Kingdom) 
and at the specified offices of the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents. If the Notes are to be listed on the 
Official List and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the 
applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu).  
The Noteholders, the holders of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest bearing Notes in 
bearer form and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”) (the 
“Couponholders”) and the holders of the receipts for the payment of instalments of principal (the 
“Receipts”) relating to Notes in bearer form of which the principal is payable in instalments are entitled to the 
benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed and are 
deemed to have notice of those provisions applicable to them of the Agency Agreement. 
1 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The minimum denomination per Note will be €100,000.  The Notes are issued in serially numbered bearer 
form (“Bearer Notes”, which expression includes Notes that are specified to be Exchangeable Bearer Notes), 
in registered form (“Registered Notes”) or in serially numbered bearer form exchangeable for Registered 
Notes (“Exchangeable Bearer Notes”) in each case in the Specified Denomination(s) shown hereon.

--- Page 56 ---
48 
All Registered Notes shall have the same Specified Denomination. Where Exchangeable Bearer Notes are 
issued, the Registered Notes for which they are exchangeable shall have the same Specified Denomination as 
the lowest denomination of Exchangeable Bearer Notes. 
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or an Instalment Note, a 
combination of any of the foregoing or any other kind of Note, depending upon the Interest and 
Redemption/Payment Basis shown hereon. 
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached, 
save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest 
due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. Instalment Notes are 
issued with one or more Receipts attached. 
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates (“Certificates”) and, save as provided in Condition 
2(c), each Certificate shall represent the entire holding of Registered Notes by the same holder. 
Title to the Bearer Notes and the Receipts, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Title to the Registered 
Notes shall pass by registration in the register that the Issuer and shall procure to be kept by the Registrar in 
accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the “Register”). Except as ordered by a court of 
competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or 
Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes whether or not it is 
overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it (or on the 
Certificate representing it) or its theft or loss (or that of the related Certificate) and no person shall be liable 
for so treating the holder. 
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” means the bearer of any Bearer Note and the Receipts relating to it or the 
person in whose name a Registered Note is registered (as the case may be), “holder” (in relation to a Note, 
Receipt, Coupon or Talon) means the bearer of any Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon or the person in 
whose name a Registered Note is registered (as the case may be) and capitalised terms have the meanings 
given to them hereon, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the 
Notes. 
2 
Exchanges of Exchangeable Bearer Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a) 
Exchange of Exchangeable Bearer Notes 
Subject as provided in Condition 2(f), Exchangeable Bearer Notes may be exchanged for the same 
nominal amount of Registered Notes at the request in writing of the relevant Noteholder and upon 
surrender of each Exchangeable Bearer Note to be exchanged, together with all unmatured Receipts, 
Coupons and Talons relating to it, at the specified office of any Transfer Agent; provided, however, 
that where an Exchangeable Bearer Note is surrendered for exchange after the Record Date (as defined 
in Condition 7(b)) for any payment of interest, the Coupon in respect of that payment of interest need 
not be surrendered with it. Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes. Bearer Notes of 
one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes of another Specified 
Denomination. Bearer Notes that are not Exchangeable Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for 
Registered Notes. 
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Notes 
One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon the surrender (at the specified office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the Certificate representing such Registered Notes to be 
transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Certificate, (or another form of

--- Page 57 ---
49 
transfer substantially in the same form and containing the same representations and certifications (if 
any), unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer), duly completed and executed and any other evidence as 
the Registrar or Transfer Agent may reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of part only of a 
holding of Registered Notes represented by one Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the 
transferee in respect of the part transferred and a further new Certificate in respect of the balance of the 
holding not transferred shall be issued to the transferor. All transfers of Notes and entries on the 
Register will be made subject to the detailed regulations concerning transfers of Notes scheduled to the 
Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer, with the prior written approval of 
the Registrar and the Trustee. A copy of the current regulations will be made available by the Registrar 
to any Noteholder upon request. 
(c) 
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes 
In the case of an exercise of the Issuer’s or Noteholders’ option in respect of, or a partial redemption 
of, a holding of Registered Notes represented by a single Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued 
to the holder to reflect the exercise of such option or in respect of the balance of the holding not 
redeemed. In the case of a partial exercise of an option resulting in Registered Notes of the same 
holding having different terms, separate Certificates shall be issued in respect of those Notes of that 
holding that have the same terms. New Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of the 
existing Certificates to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of Registered 
Notes to a person who is already a holder of Registered Notes, a new Certificate representing the 
enlarged holding shall only be issued against surrender of the Certificate representing the existing 
holding. 
(d) 
Delivery of New Certificates 
Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions 2(a), (b) or (c) shall be available for delivery 
within three business days of receipt of the request for exchange, form of transfer or Exercise Notice 
(as defined in Condition 6(h)) and surrender of the Certificate for exchange. Delivery of the new 
Certificate(s) shall be made at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the case 
may be) to whom delivery or surrender of such request for exchange, form of transfer, Exercise Notice 
or Certificate shall have been made or, at the option of the holder making such delivery or surrender as 
aforesaid and as specified in the relevant request for exchange, form of transfer, Exercise Notice or 
otherwise in writing, be mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to the new 
Certificate to such address as may be so specified, unless such holder requests otherwise and pays in 
advance to the relevant Transfer Agent the costs of such other method of delivery and/or such 
insurance as it may specify. In this Condition 2(d), “business day” means a day, other than a Saturday 
or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in the place of the specified office of the relevant 
Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be). 
(e) 
Exchange Free of Charge 
Exchange and transfer of Notes and Certificates on registration, transfer, exercise of an option or 
partial redemption shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar or the 
Transfer Agents, but upon payment of any tax or other governmental charges that may be imposed in 
relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may 
require). 
(f) 
Closed Periods 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered or an Exchangeable 
Bearer Note to be exchanged for one or more Registered Note(s) (i) during the period of 15 days

--- Page 58 ---
50 
ending on the due date for redemption of, or payment of any Instalment Amount in respect of, that 
Note, (ii) during the period of 15 days prior to any date on which Notes may be called for redemption 
by the Issuer at its option pursuant to Condition 6(d), (iii) after any such Note has been called for 
redemption or (iv) during the period of seven days ending on (and including) any Record Date. An 
Exchangeable Bearer Note called for redemption may, however, be exchanged for one or more 
Registered Note(s) in respect of which the Certificate is simultaneously surrendered not later than the 
relevant Record Date. 
3 
Status of Notes 
The Notes and Receipts and Coupons constitute (subject to Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves. The payment obligations 
of the Issuer under the Notes and the Receipts and Coupons shall, save for such exceptions as may be 
provided by applicable legislation and subject to Conditions 4, at all times rank at least equally with all other 
unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary obligations of the Issuer present and future. 
4 
Negative Pledge 
(a) 
Restriction 
So long as any of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons remains outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed): 
(i) 
the Issuer shall, and will procure that none of the Material Subsidiaries shall, not create or 
permit to subsist any mortgage, charge, pledge or other form of encumbrance or security 
interest (other than an encumbrance arising by operation of law) (“Security”) upon the 
whole or any part of its undertaking, assets or revenues present or future to secure (A) any 
Relevant Debt or (B) any guarantee of, or indemnity in respect of, any Relevant Debt; and 
(ii) 
unless, at the same time or prior thereto, the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes, Receipts, 
Coupons and the Trust Deed (A) are secured equally and rateably therewith or benefit 
from a guarantee or indemnity in substantially identical terms thereto, as the case may be, 
in each case to the satisfaction of the Trustee or (B) have the benefit of such other security, 
guarantee, indemnity or other arrangement as the Trustee in its absolute discretion shall 
deem to be not materially less beneficial to the Noteholders or as shall be approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the Noteholders. 
This Condition 4 shall not apply to or be applicable in respect of any of the following: 
(i) 
any Security or any guarantee or indemnity in respect of or in connection with any Project 
Finance Indebtedness or 
(ii) 
any Security or any guarantee or indemnity in respect of or in connection with any 
Securitisation Indebtedness or 
(iii) 
any Security or any guarantee or indemnity in respect of or in connection with any 
Acquisition Indebtedness or 
(iv) 
any Security or any guarantee or indemnity securing Public Indebtedness or granted in 
favour of a wholly owned member of the Group, a special purpose vehicle, a trust, a 
fiduciary or agent for the purpose of, directly or indirectly, raising Public Indebtedness or 
(v) 
Existing Security.

--- Page 59 ---
51 
(b) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions: 
(i) 
“Acquisition Indebtedness” means any Relevant Debt incurred for the sole purpose of 
financing all or part of the cost of the acquisition, construction, development or 
improvement of any assets (including, without limitation, shares or stock) acquired or 
owned directly or indirectly by any member of the Group (including without limitation 
any buildings or production facilities (and any equipment located therein), provided that 
any Security or any guarantee or indemnity granted in favour of such creditors in respect 
of such Relevant Debt shall be to secure a principal, capital or nominal amount not 
exceeding 100 per cent. of the cost of that acquisition, construction, development or 
improvement, as the case may be. 
(ii) 
“Aircraft” means any aircraft, including (i) any related engines, spare engines or spare 
parts, (ii) maintenance and other reserves in respect of the obligations of any member of 
the Group as lessee or operator of such aircraft, and (iii) any insurance policies relating to 
the operation of such aircraft, which are owned by Airbus or any Material Subsidiary. 
(iii) 
“Existing Security” means any Existing Security on Assets or Existing Security on 
Subsidiaries. 
(iv) 
“Existing Security on Assets” means any Security over any asset or any guarantee or 
indemnity in respect of any Relevant Debt incurred in connection with any asset acquired 
after 8 August 2019 (provided that such Security or guarantee or indemnity is existing on 
or prior to the date of the acquisition of the asset and was not created in contemplation of 
that acquisition) and any substitute Security or guarantee or indemnity created on that 
asset or indebtedness in connection with the refinancing of the Relevant Debt so secured 
or guaranteed (but the principal, nominal or capital amount guaranteed or secured and 
outstanding at the time of acquisition may not be increased without the prior written 
consent of the Trustee). 
(v) 
“Existing Security on Subsidiaries” means any Security granted by any Person over its 
undertakings, assets or revenues or any guarantee or indemnity given by any Person and 
which is existing at the time any such Person becomes, whether by the acquisition of share 
capital or otherwise, a Subsidiary or a Material Subsidiary after 8 August 2019 (other than 
any Security or guarantee or indemnity created in contemplation of or in connection with 
such Person becoming a Subsidiary or a Material Subsidiary), but, except with the prior 
written consent of the Trustee in respect of a Material Subsidiary only, the principal, 
nominal or capital amount secured by any such Security or guaranteed by any such 
guarantee or indemnity and outstanding when the relevant Person becomes a Subsidiary or 
a Material Subsidiary may not be substituted or increased except by reason of any 
fluctuation in the amount outstanding under, and within the limits and in accordance with 
the terms of, facilities which exist and are secured by the relevant Security or guaranteed 
by the relevant guarantee or indemnity when it becomes a Subsidiary or a Material 
Subsidiary (or any renewal or extension of any such facility for the same or a smaller 
amount). 
(vi) 
“Material Subsidiary” means, at any time, each Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of Airbus  
nominated and designated as such by Airbus (whether by addition, substitution or 
otherwise) in its sole discretion in the most recent certificate for such purpose signed by a 
member of the board of directors of Airbus or other authorised officer of Airbus and

--- Page 60 ---
52 
delivered to the Trustee pursuant to the Trust Deed, the aggregate total assets of which 
(together with the total assets of Airbus) represents at least 60 per cent. of the consolidated 
total assets of Airbus and its Subsidiaries (the “Group”). For this purpose, the total assets 
of a member of the Group shall be determined from the latest financial reporting package 
of such member of the Group from which the consolidated financial statements of the 
Group are derived, unconsolidated if such entity has Subsidiaries and the consolidated 
total assets of the Group will be determined from the latest financial statements, in each 
case adjusted (where appropriate) to reflect the total assets of any company or business 
subsequently acquired or disposed of. 
(vii) 
“Person” includes an individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
undertaking, association, organisation, trust, state or agency of a state (in each case, 
whether or not having a separate legal personality). 
(viii) “Project Finance Indebtedness” means any Relevant Debt incurred in connection with 
the financing, ownership, creation, construction, design, development or operation of a 
project or a product (including without limitation an Aircraft) in which a member of the 
Group or an affiliate is directly or indirectly participating (a “Project”) where (1) the 
recourse of the creditor(s) is fully or substantially limited to the assets and/or revenues 
comprised in, and/or generated by, the Project or (2) pursuant to the terms of financing or 
other project agreements, the creditors involved agree that the assets or revenues of, or to 
be generated from or derived by, the relevant Project shall be the principal source for 
financing the payment of any sum relating to, and the repayment of, such Relevant Debt, 
but that until such repayment the creditors are entitled (according to the terms of the 
particular contractual arrangements) to the benefit, in whole or in part, of such Security 
and/or such guarantees or indemnities as may be provided by the Issuer or any Material 
Subsidiary, as the case may be, in connection with the financing, the completion or 
performance of the relevant Project or the payment of equity, debt or other participations 
or obligations with respect to the relevant Project, including without limitation any public-
private partnerships or private finance initiatives. 
(ix) 
“Public Indebtedness” means any Relevant Debt incurred in connection with a financing 
or refinancing from a State, a public body, a supranational body (including, without 
limitation, the European Central Bank) or a financial institution or a bank acting upon the 
request, with the guarantee, the subsidy or support of a State or a public body or a 
supranational body. 
(x) 
“Relevant Debt” means any present or future indebtedness for borrowed money in the 
form of, or represented by, bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or other negotiable 
securities that are for the time being, or are capable of being, quoted, listed or ordinarily 
dealt in on any stock exchange, automated trading system, over-the-counter or other 
securities market. 
(xi) 
“Securitisation Indebtedness” means any Relevant Debt (including, without limitation, 
any secured lending, leasing (whether tax driven or otherwise), asset-based securitisation, 
asset repacking or any combination thereof) which is incurred in connection with the 
purchase or sale of any assets or revenues where the repayment of principal and interest in 
respect of the Relevant Debt is primarily financed by such assets or revenues. 
(xii) 
“Subsidiary” means, in respect of any Person at any particular time, an entity in respect of 
which such Person has direct or indirect control or owns directly or indirectly more than

--- Page 61 ---
53 
50 per cent. of such entity’s voting capital or similar right of ownership and “control” for 
this purpose means the power to direct management and determine the policies of the 
entity whether through the ownership of voting capital, by contract or otherwise. 
5 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, 
such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable 
shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5(f). 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes  
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of 
Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of 
interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5(f). Such Interest Payment 
Date(s) is/are either shown hereon as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified 
Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown hereon, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date 
which falls the number of months or other period shown hereon as the Interest Period after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the 
Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business 
Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be 
the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been subject 
to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the 
next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such 
date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be 
determined according to the provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination or Screen 
Rate Determination, depending upon which is specified hereon. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to 
be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the

--- Page 62 ---
54 
Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA 
Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(x) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified hereon 
(y) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified hereon and 
(z) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless otherwise 
specified hereon. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, “Floating 
Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap Transaction” have the 
meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes (other than Floating Rate Notes which 
reference SONIA, SOFR or €STR) 
(x) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is not SONIA, SOFR or €STR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period will be  
the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question 
as determined by the Calculation Agent plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any).  
(y) 
subject to Condition 5(j), if the Relevant Screen Page is not available, subject as 
provided below, the Issuer shall request, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the 
principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks, to provide the Calculation 
Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered 
quotations as calculated by the Calculation Agent and 
(z) 
subject to Condition 5(j), if paragraph (y) above applies and the Issuer determines that 
fewer than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) as communicated to the Calculation Agent upon request  by 
the Issuer by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks 
were offered, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels 
time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for 
a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading 
banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the 
case may be, or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with such offered rates, upon request by the Issuer, the offered rate for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified

--- Page 63 ---
55 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, 
at which, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels 
time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank 
or banks is or are in the opinion of the Trustee and the Issuer suitable for such purpose) 
informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the case may be, provided that, if the 
Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of 
this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which reference SONIA, SOFR or €STR  
a. 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, Index Determination is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as not applicable and the Reference Rate 
specified in the relevant Final Terms is SONIA, SOFR or €STR: 
(A) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Notes is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "Compounded Daily", the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will (subject 
to Condition 5(e) and Condition 5(j) and subject as provided below) be the 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Paying Agent on 
the Interest Determination Date and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards. 
(B) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Notes is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "Weighted Average", the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will (subject 
to Condition 5(e) and Condition 5(j) and subject as provided below) be the 
Weighted Average Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Paying Agent on the 
Interest Determination Date and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
b. Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, 
subject to Condition 5(j), if, in respect of any Business Day, the Paying Agent 
determines that the SONIA rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has 
not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA 
rate shall be: 
(A) 
(i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at 5.00 
p.m. (or, if earlier, close of business) on the relevant Business Day; plus (ii) 
the mean of the spread of the SONIA rate to the Bank Rate over the 
previous five days on which a SONIA reference rate has been published,

--- Page 64 ---
56 
excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, 
one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more 
than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads); or 
(B) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at 5.00 p.m. (or, if 
earlier, close of business) on the relevant Business Day, the SONIA rate 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the 
relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding Business Day on 
which the SONIA rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors), 
and, in each case, "r" shall be interpreted accordingly. 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, and without prejudice to Condition 5(j), in 
the event of the Bank of England publishing guidance as to (i) how the SONIA rate 
is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA rate, the Paying 
Agent shall, in accordance with the instructions of the Issuer, follow such guidance 
to the extent practicable and to the extent such guidance does not increase 
obligations or duties of the Paying Agent in order to determine the SONIA rate, for 
purposes of the Notes, for so long as the SONIA rate is not available or has not 
been published by the authorised distributors. 
c. 
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, 
subject to Condition 5(j), if, in respect of any Business Day, the Paying Agent 
determines that the Reference Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
such Reference Rate shall be the SOFR for the first preceding Business Day on 
which the SOFR was published on the Relevant Screen Page ("r" shall be 
interpreted accordingly). 
d. Where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, 
subject to Condition 5(j), if, in respect of any Business Day, the Paying Agent 
determines that the Reference Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
such Reference Rate shall be the €STR for the first preceding Business Day on 
which the €STR was published on the Relevant Screen Page ("r" shall be 
interpreted accordingly). 
e. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Paying Agent, 
subject to Condition 5(j), the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be (i) 
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period), (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination 
Date and the relevant Interest Period is the first Interest Period for the Notes, the 
initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes 
for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in 
duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the 
Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of

--- Page 65 ---
57 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Period) or (iii) 
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date and the relevant Interest 
Period is not the first Interest Period for the Notes, the Rate of Interest which 
applied to the immediately preceding Interest Period. 
f. 
If the relevant Series of Notes becomes due and payable in accordance with 
Condition 10, the last Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any 
Interest Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be 
the date on which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on 
such Notes shall, for so long as any such Note remains outstanding, be that 
determined on such date. 
g. For the purposes of this Condition 5(b)(C): 
If "Payment Delay" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, all references in these Conditions to interest on the Notes being payable on 
an Interest Payment Date shall be read as reference to interest on the Notes being 
payable on an Effective Interest Payment Date instead; 
"Applicable Period" means, 
(A) 
where "Lag", "Lock-out" or "Payment Delay" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, Interest Period; and 
(B) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, Observation Period; 
"Business Day" or "BD", means, (i) where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference 
Rate, any day on which commercial banks are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; (ii) where 
"SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate, any day which is a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day and is not a legal holiday in New York and is not a date on 
which banking institutions in those cities are authorised or required by law or 
regulation to be closed; and (iii) where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate, a 
day on which the TARGET System is open; 
"Calculation Method" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Compounded Daily Reference Rate" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in the Specified Currency 
(with the applicable Reference Rate (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms and 
further provided for below) as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and 
will be calculated by the Paying Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date 
as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
         ቎ෑቀ1 + 𝑟௜ି௣஻஽ 𝑥 𝑛௜
𝐷
ቁ−1
ௗ೚
௜ୀଵ
቏𝑥𝐷
𝑑 
where: 
"D" is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 66 ---
58 
"d" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar days in such 
Applicable Period; 
"do" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of Business Days in such 
Applicable Period; 
"Effective Interest Payment Date" means any date or dates specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"€STR" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
euro short-term rate for such euro Business Day as provided by the European Central 
Bank, as administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate), on 
the website of the European Central Bank as at the date of this Debt Issuance 
Programme Prospectus at http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor website 
officially designated by the European Central Bank (the "ECB's Website") in each 
case, on or before 9:00 a.m., (Central European Time) on the Business Day 
immediately following such Business Day; 
"i" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers from one to 
do, each representing the relevant Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first Business Day in such Applicable Period; 
"Lock-out Period" means the period from, and including, the day following the 
Interest Determination Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest Payment 
Date; 
"ni", for any Business Day "i" in the Applicable Period, means the number of 
calendar days from, and including, such Business Day "i" up to but excluding the 
following Business Day; 
"New York Federal Reserve's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York as at the date of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus at 
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York; 
"Observation Method" shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the period 
from, and including, the date falling "p" Business Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" Business 
Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling 
"p" Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due 
and payable); 
"p" means, for any Interest Period: 
(A) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the number of Business Days included in the Observation Look-back 
Period specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is 
specified, five Business Days); 
(B) 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, zero;

--- Page 67 ---
59 
(C) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the number of Business Days included in the 
Observation Look-back Period specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no 
such number is specified, five Business Days); 
"r" means: 
(A) 
where in the relevant Final Terms "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate 
and either "Lag" or "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method, in respect of any Business Day, the SONIA rate in respect of such 
Business Day; 
(B) 
where in the relevant Final Terms "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate 
and either "Lag" or "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method, in respect of any Business Day, the SOFR in respect of such 
Business Day; 
(C) 
where in the relevant Final Terms "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate 
and either "Lag" or "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method, in respect of any Business Day, the €STR in respect of such Business 
Day; 
(D) 
where in the relevant Final Terms "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate 
and "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method: 
(i) 
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is a Reference Day, the SONIA 
rate in respect of the Business Day immediately preceding such 
Reference Day, and 
(ii) 
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is not a Reference Day (being a 
Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the SONIA rate in respect of the 
Business Day immediately preceding the last Reference Day of the 
relevant Interest Period (such last Reference Day coinciding with the 
Interest Determination Date); 
(E) 
where in the relevant Final Terms "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate 
and "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method: 
(i) 
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is a Reference Day, the SOFR 
in respect of the Business Day immediately preceding such Reference 
Day, and 
(ii) 
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is not a Reference Day (being a 
Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the SOFR in respect of the 
Business Day immediately preceding the last Reference Day of the 
relevant Interest Period (such last Reference Day coinciding with the 
Interest Determination Date); 
(F) 
where in the relevant Final Terms "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate 
and "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method: 
(i) 
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is a Reference Day, the €STR in 
respect of the Business Day immediately preceding such Reference 
Day, and

--- Page 68 ---
60 
(ii) 
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is not a Reference Day (being a 
Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the €STR in respect of the 
Business Day immediately preceding the last Reference Day of the 
relevant Interest Period (such last Reference Day coinciding with the 
Interest Determination Date); 
(G) 
where in the relevant Final Terms "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate 
and "Payment Delay" is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of 
any Business Day, the SONIA rate in respect of such Business Day, provided 
however that, in the case of the last Interest Period, in respect of each 
Business Day in the period from (and including) the Rate Cut-off Date to (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, as applicable, 
"r" shall be the SONIA rate in respect of the Rate Cut-off Date; 
(H) 
where in the relevant Final Terms "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate 
and "Payment Delay" is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of 
any Business Day, the SOFR in respect of such Business Day, provided 
however that, in the case of the last Interest Period, in respect of each 
Business Day in the period from (and including) the Rate Cut-off Date to (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, as applicable, 
"r" shall be the SOFR in respect of the Rate Cut-off Date; and 
(I) 
where in the relevant Final Terms "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate 
and "Payment Delay" is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of 
any Business Day, the €STR in respect of such Business Day, provided 
however that, in the case of the last Interest Period, in respect of each 
Business Day in the period from (and including) the Rate Cut-off Date to (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, as applicable, 
"r" shall be the €STR in respect of the Rate Cut-off Date; 
"Rate Cut-off Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Day" means each Business Day in the relevant Interest Period, other 
than any Business Day in the Lock-out Period; 
"ri-pBD" means the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the definition of "r" above 
for, (i) where, in the relevant Final Terms, "Lag" is specified as the Observation 
Method, the Business Day (being a Business Day falling in the relevant Observation 
Period) falling "p" Business Days prior to the relevant Business Day "i" or, (ii) 
otherwise, the relevant Business Day "i"; 
"SOFR" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) 
on the New York Federal Reserve's Website, in each case on or about 5.00 p.m. (New 
York City Time) (the "SOFR Determination Time") on the Business Day 
immediately following such Business Day; 
"SONIA" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average rate for such Business Day as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise

--- Page 69 ---
61 
published by such authorised distributors in each case on the Business Day 
immediately following such Business Day; 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
(or any successor thereto) recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities; and 
"Weighted Average Reference Rate" means: 
(A) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each calendar 
day during the relevant Observation Period, calculated by multiplying each 
relevant Reference Rate by the number of calendar days such rate is in effect, 
determining the sum of such products and dividing such sum by the number 
of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. For these purposes the 
Reference Rate in effect for any calendar day which is not a Business Day 
shall be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the Business Day 
immediately preceding such calendar day; and 
(B) 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each 
calendar day during the relevant Interest Period, calculated by multiplying 
each relevant Reference Rate by the number of calendar days such rate is in 
effect, determining the sum of such products and dividing such sum by the 
number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period, provided however 
that for any calendar day of such Interest Period falling in the Lockout 
Period, the relevant Reference Rate for each day during that Lock-out Period 
will be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the Reference Day 
immediately preceding the first day of such Lock-out Period. For these 
purposes the Reference Rate in effect for any calendar day which is not a 
Business Day shall, subject to the proviso above, be deemed to be the 
Reference Rate in effect for the Business Day immediately preceding such 
calendar day. 
(D) 
Index Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and Index Determination is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Notes for each Interest Period will be the compounded daily reference rate for the relevant 
Interest Period, calculated in accordance with the following formula and to the Relevant 
Decimal Place, all as determined and calculated by the Paying Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin: 
                                                    ൬𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1൰𝑥𝑁𝑢𝑚𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑜𝑟
𝑑
 
where: 
"Compounded Index" shall mean either SONIA Compounded Index, the SOFR 
Compounded Index, or the €STR Compounded Index, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms;

--- Page 70 ---
62 
"Compounded Index End" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day 
falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period, or such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but 
which, by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions, is excluded from such 
Interest Period); 
"Compounded Index Start" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day 
falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period;  
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index End is determined; 
"Index Days" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, London Banking 
Days, in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days, and, in the case of the €STR Compounded Index, a day on which the TARGET 
System is open; 
"London Banking Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"Numerator" shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, be 365 in the 
case of the SONIA Compounded Index and 360 in the case of the SOFR Compounded 
Index and the €STR Compounded Index; 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
be the fifth decimal place in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and the €STR 
Compounded Index and the seventh decimal place in the case of the SOFR Compounded 
Index, in each case rounded up or down, if necessary (with 0.000005 or, as the case may 
be, 0.00000005 being rounded upwards); 
"Relevant Number" shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, be five 
in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and SOFR Compounded Index; 
"SOFR Compounded Index" means the compounded daily SOFR rate, as published at 
15:00 (New York time) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of SOFR) on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any 
successor source;  
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the compounded daily SONIA rate as published at 
10:00 (London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of SONIA) on 
the Bank of England's Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor source; and 
"€STR Compounded Index" means the compounded daily €STR rate, as published at 
09:00 (Central European Time) by the European Central Bank (or a successor 
administrator of €STR) on the website of the European Central Bank or any successor 
source. 
Provided that a Benchmark Event has not occurred in respect of SONIA or a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date has not occurred in respect 
of SOFR, as the case may be, if, with respect to any Interest Period, the relevant 
Compounded Index Start and/or Compounded Index End is not published by the 
administrator, the Paying Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest for that Interest Period

--- Page 71 ---
63 
in accordance with Condition 5(b)(C) as if Index Determination was not specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable. For these purposes, (i) the Reference Rate shall 
be deemed to be SONIA in the case of SONIA Compounded Index and SOFR in the case 
of Compounded SOFR Index, (ii) the Calculation Method shall be deemed to be 
Compounded Daily, (iii) the Observation Method shall be deemed to be Observation Shift, 
(iv) the Observation Look-back Period shall be deemed to be the Relevant Number, (v) D 
shall be deemed to be the Numerator and (vi) in the case of SONIA, the Relevant Screen 
Page will be determined by the Issuer in consultation with the Paying Agent. If a 
Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of SONIA, the provisions of Condition 5(j) shall 
apply mutatis mutandis in respect of this Condition 5(b)(D) or if a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred in respect of SOFR, the 
provisions of Condition 5(k) shall apply mutatis mutandis in respect of this Condition 
5(b)(D), as applicable. 
 
(E) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified hereon as applicable in respect of an Interest Accrual 
Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the 
relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as applicable) or 
the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as 
applicable), one of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period provided however that if there is no rate available for the period of time next shorter or, 
as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such 
time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer shall determine as appropriate for such 
purposes. 
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, the Designated 
Maturity. 
(c) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
No amount of interest will accrue or become payable on a Note where the Interest Basis of a Note is 
specified to be Zero Coupon (a “Zero Coupon Note”), provided that, as from the Maturity Date, the 
Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6(b)(i)). 
(d) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to 
accrue or in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, shall accrue (in each case, both before and after judgment) 
at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 8).

--- Page 72 ---
64 
(e) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption 
Amounts and Rounding 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified hereon (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more 
Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case 
of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), 
calculated in accordance with Condition (b) above by adding (if a positive number) or 
subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always to the 
next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption 
Amount is specified hereon, then any Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption 
Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 
of a percentage point being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven 
significant figures (provided that if the eighth significant figure is a 5 or greater, the 
seventh significant shall be rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and 
payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with half a unit being 
rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For 
these purposes “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal 
tender in the country/ies of such currency. 
(iv) 
“Redemption Amounts” means Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption 
Amount or Early Redemption Amount, as applicable.  
(f) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any Interest Accrual 
Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount specified hereon, 
and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula 
for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount of interest 
payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall equal 
such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period 
comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect 
of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest is required 
to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the 
period for which interest is required to be calculated. 
(g) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Instalment 
Amounts 
The Calculation Agent shall as soon as practicable on each Interest Determination Date, or such other 
time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, make any 
determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, make such determination or calculation, as the case may 
be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the

--- Page 73 ---
65 
relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or any Instalment Amount to be notified to the 
Trustee, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed 
in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the 
Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange or other relevant authority so 
require, such exchange or other relevant authority as soon as possible after their determination but in 
no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such 
time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all 
other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or 
Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(b)(ii), the Interest Amounts and 
the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made with the consent of the Trustee by way of adjustment) without notice in the event 
of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under 
Condition 10, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall 
nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but no 
publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made unless the 
Trustee otherwise requires. The determination of any rate or amount, and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be 
final and binding upon all parties. 
(h) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below: 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal 
financial centre for such currency and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a day on which the TARGET System is operating (a “TARGET 
Business Day”) and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in 
such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of 
the Business Centres. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for 
any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether 
or not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual - ISDA” is specified hereon, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365) 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365

--- Page 74 ---
66 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a 
leap year, 366 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 75 ---
67 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30 
(viii) if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified hereon, 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination 
Date in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date and

--- Page 76 ---
68 
“Determination Date” means the date(s) specified as such hereon or, if none is 
so specified, the Interest Payment Date(s) 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the 
single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive 
period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next 
succeeding Interest Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, and 
unless otherwise specified hereon, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount specified hereon as being payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the 
Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual Period forms part; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for 
that period. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified hereon. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, 
the date specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day falling two Business Days in London for the 
Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is 
neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of 
such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is euro. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on 
(and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Payment Date. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified hereon. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc.  
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note and that 
is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions hereon. 
“Reference Banks” means in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office 
of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Issuer or as 
specified hereon. 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such hereon. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column, or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified hereon (or any successor or replacement page, section, 
caption, column or other part of a particular information service).

--- Page 77 ---
69 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such hereon or, if none is specified, the 
currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (known as TARGET2) System which was launched on 19 November 2007 or any successor 
thereto. 
(i) 
Calculation Agent  
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if provision is 
made for them hereon and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed). Where 
more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to 
the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties 
under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the 
Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest or Interest Accrual Period or to calculate 
any Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or 
Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer 
shall (with the prior approval of the Trustee) appoint a leading bank or financial institution engaged in 
the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is 
most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent 
(acting through its principal London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act 
as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been 
appointed as aforesaid. 
(j) 
Benchmark discontinuation  
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or 
any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, 
then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in 
accordance with Condition 5(j)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance 
with Condition 5(j)(iii)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5(j)(iv)). 
In making such determination, the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(j) shall 
act in good faith as an expert and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any 
determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 5(j). 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent Adviser appointed 
by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this 
Condition 5(j) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the 
Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period. If there has not been a first Interest 
Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest 
or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 5(j) shall apply to the relevant next

--- Page 78 ---
70 
succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5(j). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser acting in good faith determines that: 
(A) there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
operation of this Condition 5(j)); or 
(B) there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then the applicable Adjustment 
Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the operation of this Condition 5(j)).  
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
The Adjustment Spread (or a formula or methodology for determining, the Adjustment Spread) shall 
be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).  If the Independent 
Adviser is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply 
without an Adjustment Spread. 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments  
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with this Condition 5(j) and the Independent Adviser acting in good faith, 
determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions and the Trust Deed are necessary to follow market 
practice or to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or (in either case) 
the applicable Adjustment Spread (or any combination thereof) (such amendments, the “Benchmark 
Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to 
giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5(j)(v), without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions and the Trust Deed (as applicable) to give effect to 
such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice.    
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee and the Agents of a certificate signed 
by a director or other duly authorised officer of the Issuer and the Independent Adviser pursuant to 
Condition 5(j)(v), the Trustee and the Agents shall (at the expense of the Issuer), without any 
requirement for the consent of the Noteholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any 
Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or 
amending the Trust Deed), provided that neither the Trustee nor the Agents shall be obliged so to 
concur if in the opinion of the Trustee or, as the case may be, the Agents, doing so would impose more 
onerous obligations upon them or expose them to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or 
reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Trustee or, as the case may be, the Agents in 
these Conditions or the Trust Deed (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental trust 
deed) in any way. 
In no event shall the Calculation Agent be responsible for determining any substitute for SOFR, or for 
making any adjustments to any alternative benchmark or spread thereon, the business day convention, 
interest determination dates or any other relevant methodology for calculating any such substitute or 
successor benchmark. In connection with Condition 5(j), the Calculation Agent will be entitled to

--- Page 79 ---
71 
conclusively rely on any determination made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) and will have no liability 
for such actions taken at the discretion of the Issuer. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, determined under this Condition 5(j) will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the 
Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 16, the 
Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any.  
No later than notifying the Trustee of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a certificate 
signed by a director or other duly authorised officer of the Issuer and the Independent Adviser: 
(a) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as the case 
may be, the Alternative Rate, (iii) the Adjustment Spread and (iv) the specific terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any), in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 
5(j); and 
(b) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in each case) the applicable Adjustment 
Spread. 
Each of the Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall be entitled to rely on such 
certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread  and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such 
certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and 
without prejudice to the Trustee’s or the Calculation Agent’s or the Paying Agent’s ability to rely on such 
certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents 
and the Noteholders. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate  
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 5(j), (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 5(b)(iii)(B)(y) and (z) 
will continue to apply unless a Benchmark Event has occurred.  
(vii) 
New Benchmark Event in respect of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If Benchmark Amendments have been implemented pursuant to this Condition 5(j) and a new 
Benchmark Event occurs in respect of the then applicable Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the 
provisions of this Condition 5(j) shall apply as if the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate were the 
Original Reference Rate. 
(viii) 
Definitions: 
As used in this Condition 5(j): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or (b) a 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in 
the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders and

--- Page 80 ---
72 
Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no 
such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate) 
(ii) 
the Independent Adviser determines, acting in good faith, is customarily applied to the 
relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt 
capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original 
Reference Rate; or (if the Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily 
applied);  
(iii) 
the Independent Adviser determines, acting in good faith, is recognised or acknowledged as 
being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be).  
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative to the Reference Rate which the Independent Adviser 
determines in accordance with Condition 5(j)(ii) has replaced the Original Reference Rate customarily 
applied in the international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining rates of 
interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for the same interest period and in the same Specified 
Currency as the Notes. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(j)(iv). 
“Benchmark Event” means:   
(1) the Original Reference Rate ceasing be published for a period of at least five Business Days or 
ceasing to exist; or 
(2) a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, by a specified 
date within the following six months, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(3) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the 
Original Reference Rate has been or will be, by a specified date within the following six months, 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(4) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means 
the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to 
restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case within the following six months; or 
(5) it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, Calculation Agent the Issuer or other party to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 
5(j)(i). 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified Reference Rate used to determine the Rate 
of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a Reference Rate:

--- Page 81 ---
73 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, or any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Reference 
Rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, (b) any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
Reference Rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) 
the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(k) 
Effect of Benchmark Transition Event  
Where the Original Reference Rate applicable to the Notes is SOFR, in addition and 
notwithstanding the provisions above in Condition 5(b) and Condition 5(j), this Condition 5(k) 
shall apply. 
(i) Benchmark Replacement: If the Issuer or its designee determines on or prior to the relevant 
Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement 
will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all 
determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
(ii) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes: In connection with the implementation of a 
Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer or its designee will have the right to make Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 
(iii) Decisions and Determinations: Any determination, decision or election that may be made by 
the Issuer or its designee pursuant to this Condition 5(k), including any determination with 
respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, 
circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any 
selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, will be made in the sole 
discretion of the Issuer or its designee, as applicable, and, notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, shall become effective without consent 
from the Holders or any other party. The Paying Agent will not have any liability for any 
determination made by or on behalf of Issuer or its designee in connection with a Benchmark 
Transition Event or a Benchmark Replacement. 
In no event shall the Paying Agent be responsible for determining if a Benchmark Transition 
Event has occurred or any substitute for SOFR, or for making any adjustments to any 
alternative benchmark or spread thereon, the business day convention, interest determination 
dates or any other relevant methodology for calculating any such substitute or successor 
benchmark. In connection with the foregoing, the Paying Agent will be entitled to 
conclusively rely on any determinations made by Issuer or its designee and will have no 
liability for such actions taken at the direction of the Issuer or its designee. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions in this Condition 5(k), no Benchmark 
Replacement will be adopted if and to the extent that the Issuer determines, in its sole 
discretion, that such Benchmark Replacement prejudices, or could reasonably be expected to 
prejudice, after the application of the applicable Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, the

--- Page 82 ---
74 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes and the further decisions and determinations 
as described below.  
In the event that the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Issuer or its designee, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be (i) that determined as at the immediately preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the immediately preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that immediately 
preceding Interest Period), or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date 
and the relevant Interest Period is the first Interest Period for the Notes, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first Interest 
Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first 
Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but 
applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
applicable to the first Interest Period), or (iii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date and the relevant Interest Period is not the first Interest Period for the 
Notes, the Rate of Interest which applied to the immediately preceding Interest Period, or 
(iv) if there is no such preceding Reset Determination Date, the Initial Rate of Interest. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(k): 
"Benchmark" means, initially, SOFR; provided that if the Issuer or its designee 
determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR or the then-
current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" means the applicable Benchmark Replacement; 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that 
can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(A) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(B) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or 
(C) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer 
or its designee as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark for U.S. Dollar-denominated floating rate notes at 
such time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the 
order below that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(A) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;

--- Page 83 ---
75 
(B) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(C) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that 
has been selected by the Issuer or its designee giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark 
with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. Dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) 
that the Issuer or its designee decide may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such 
Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, 
if the Issuer or its designee decide that adoption of any portion of such market practice 
is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer or its designee determine that no market 
practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the 
Issuer or its designee determine is reasonably necessary); 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component 
used in the calculation thereof): 
(A) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (A) or (B) of the definition of "Benchmark 
Transition Event," the later of (a) the date of the public statement or 
publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the 
administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide 
the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(B) 
in the case of clause (C) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," 
the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement 
Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior 
to the Reference Time for such determination; 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof): 
(A) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
(B) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank

--- Page 84 ---
76 
for the currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official 
with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such 
component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for 
the Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark (or 
such component), which states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component) has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(C) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no 
longer representative; 
"designee" means a designee as selected and separately appointed by the Issuer as 
designee for the Notes; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive 
or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the 
ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event 
with respect to the Benchmark; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index 
cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the 
applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (1) if the 
Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (2) if the Benchmark is not 
SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer or its designee after giving effect to the 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the 
Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor 
thereto; and 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 
6 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Redemption by Instalments and Final Redemption: 
(i) 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 6, 
each Note that provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts shall be partially 
redeemed on each Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount specified hereon. The 
outstanding nominal amount of each such Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount 
(or, if such Instalment Amount is calculated by reference to a proportion of the nominal 
amount of such Note, such proportion) for all purposes with effect from the related

--- Page 85 ---
77 
Instalment Date, unless payment of the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or 
refused, in which case, such amount shall remain outstanding until the Relevant Date 
relating to such Instalment Amount. 
(ii) 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall 
be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified hereon at its nominal amount (the 
“Final Redemption Amount”) or, in the case of a Note falling within paragraph (i) above, 
its final Instalment Amount. 
(b) 
Early Redemption 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(c) or upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 10 shall be the Amortised Face Amount (calculated as 
provided below) of such Note. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the “Amortised Face Amount” of 
any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the 
Maturity Date discounted back to the due date for payment at a rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown 
hereon, shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the 
issue price of the Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue 
Date) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its 
redemption pursuant to Condition 6(c) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided 
in Condition 10 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and payable in 
respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as defined in 
sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the 
reference therein to the “due date for payment” was replaced by a reference to the 
Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this 
sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (both before and after judgment) until the 
Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which 
case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of 
such Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest that may accrue in accordance 
with Condition 5(c). 
(D) 
Where such calculation is to be a made for a period of less than one year, it shall be 
made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown hereon.  
(ii) 
Other Notes 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes described in 
(i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(c), Condition 6(d) or 
Condition 6(e) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10, shall be the 
Final Redemption Amount unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms. 
(c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any Interest 
Payment Date or at any time if so specified in the relevant Final Terms (if this Note is a Floating Rate 
Note) or at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more than

--- Page 86 ---
78 
60 days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) at their Early Redemption 
Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) above) (together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption), if (i) the Issuer satisfies the Trustee immediately before the giving of such notice that it 
has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as described under Condition 8 as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the country of incorporation of the Issuer or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the Issue Date, and (ii) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking 
reasonable measures available to it, provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier 
than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional 
amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. Before the publication of any notice of 
redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a certificate signed by a 
Director of the Issuer stating that the obligation referred to in (i) above cannot be avoided by the Issuer 
taking reasonable measures available to it and an opinion or opinions of independent legal advisers of 
recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional 
amounts as a result of such change or amendment and the Trustee shall be entitled to accept such 
certificate and opinion(s) as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the condition precedent set out in 
(ii) above in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on Noteholders and Couponholders. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of Issuer’s Options 
If Call Option is specified hereon, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ 
irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified hereon) redeem 
all or, if so provided, some of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of 
Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount (which may be the Early Redemption Amount (as 
described in Condition 6(b) above)) together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the 
Minimum Nominal Amount to be redeemed specified hereon and no greater than the Maximum 
Nominal Amount to be redeemed specified hereon. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, or the Issuer’s option shall 
be exercised, on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption or a partial exercise of a Issuer’s option, the notice to Noteholders 
shall also contain the certificate numbers of the Bearer Notes or, in the case of Registered Notes, shall 
specify the nominal amount of Registered Notes drawn and the holder(s) of such Registered Notes to 
be redeemed or in respect of which such option has been exercised, which shall have been drawn in 
such place as the Trustee may approve and in such manner as it deems appropriate, subject to 
compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant authority requirements. So 
long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any other stock exchange and the 
rules of the relevant stock exchange so require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in which there has 
been a partial redemption of the Notes, cause to be published in a leading newspaper of general 
circulation in Luxembourg or as specified by such other stock exchange, a notice specifying the 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding and a list of the Notes drawn for redemption but not 
surrendered. 
(e) 
Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer 
If a Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in the event that Notes 
representing an aggregate amount equal to or exceeding the Minimum Percentage (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, being a percentage of the initial aggregate principal amount of that particular

--- Page 87 ---
79 
Series of Notes (including for the avoidance of doubt, any Notes which have been consolidated and 
form a single Series therewith)) have been purchased or redeemed and cancelled by the Issuer, the 
Issuer may, at its option but subject to having given not more than sixty (60) nor less than thirty (30) 
calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) in accordance with 
Condition 16, redeem on the date specified in such notice, all, but not some only, of the remaining 
Notes in that Series at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date 
set for redemption. The Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer may not be exercised in respect of a Series 
where a Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer has previously or simultaneously been exercised. 
(f) 
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer 
Unless otherwise specified hereon, in respect of any issue of Notes, the Issuer will, subject to 
compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than 
15 nor more than 30 days’ (or such other period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 16 to the Noteholders, have the option to redeem the 
Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, prior to their Maturity Date (the “Optional 
Redemption Date”). As used in this Condition 6(f), the “Optional Redemption Amount” will be the 
greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes so redeemed and, (y) the sum of the 
then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such Notes (not 
including any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Optional Redemption Date) 
discounted to the relevant Optional Redemption Date on an annual basis at the Redemption Rate plus 
any Redemption Margin, plus in each case (x) or (y) above, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but 
excluding, the Optional Redemption Date. The Optional Redemption Amount will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent.  
In the case of a partial redemption, the redemption will be effected by reducing the nominal amount of 
all Notes in a Series in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed, subject to compliance 
with any other applicable laws and requirements of the Regulated Market on which the Notes are listed 
and admitted to trading. In no event, the outstanding nominal amount of each Notes following such 
reduction shall be below any amount which would prevent the Issuer from choosing its home Member 
State (as such term is defined in the Prospectus Regulation). 
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Optional Redemption 
Amount in respect of the Make Whole Redemption by the Issuer will be calculated taking into account 
the Residual Redemption Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) pursuant to Condition 6(g) 
below and not the Maturity Date. 
(g) 
Residual Maturity Call Option 
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified hereon, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor 
more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 16 to the Noteholders redeem the 
Notes, in whole or in part, at par together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for 
redemption, which shall be no earlier than the date specified hereon (the “Residual Redemption 
Date”). 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(h) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholders’ Options 
If Put Option is specified hereon, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any such Note, upon 
the holder of such Note giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Issuer (or such 
other notice period as may be specified hereon) redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s)

--- Page 88 ---
80 
at its Optional Redemption Amount (which may be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in 
Condition 6(b) above)) together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option the holder must deposit (in the case of Bearer Notes) such Note (together with 
all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent or (in the case 
of Registered Notes) the Certificate representing such Note(s) with the Registrar or any Transfer Agent 
at its specified office, together with a duly completed option exercise notice (the “Exercise Notice”) in 
the form obtainable from any Paying Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (as applicable) within 
the notice period. No Note or Certificate so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except 
as provided in the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(i) 
Purchases 
The Issuer and any of its subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided that all unmatured 
Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered 
therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price. 
(j) 
Cancellation 
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may be surrendered for 
cancellation, in the case of Bearer Notes, by surrendering each such Note together with all unmatured 
Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Issuing and Paying Agent and, in the case of 
Registered Notes, by surrendering the Certificate representing such Notes to the Registrar and, in each 
case, if so surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith 
(together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith). Any Notes so surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and 
the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
(k) 
Illegality 
If for any reason it is or will become unlawful for a Issuer to perform or comply with any one or more 
of its obligations under any of the Notes, or (as the case may be) the Trust Deed, (provided that, in the 
opinion of the Trustee, such illegality is materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders), the 
Issuer will, subject to having given not more than 45 nor less than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 16, redeem all, but not some only, of 
the Notes at the Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for 
redemption. 
7 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Bearer Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, be 
made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipts (in the case of payments of 
Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for redemption and provided that the Receipt is 
presented for payment together with its relative Note), Notes (in the case of all other payments of 
principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 7(f)(vi)) or Coupons (in the case of 
interest, save as specified in Condition 7(f)(ii)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at 
the option of the holder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with, a Bank. “Bank” 
means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in 
which banks have access to the TARGET System.

--- Page 89 ---
81 
(b) 
Registered Notes: 
(i) 
Payments of principal (which for the purposes of this Condition 7(b) shall include final 
Instalment Amounts but not other Instalment Amounts) in respect of Registered Notes 
shall be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Certificates at the 
specified office of any of the Transfer Agents or of the Registrar and in the manner 
provided in paragraph (ii) below. 
(ii) 
Interest (which for the purpose of this Condition 7(b) shall include all Instalment Amounts 
other than final Instalment Amounts) on Registered Notes shall be paid to the person 
shown on the Register at the close of business on the fifteenth day before the due date for 
payment thereof (the “Record Date”). Payments of interest on each Registered Note shall 
be made in the relevant currency by cheque drawn on a Bank and mailed to the holder (or 
to the first named of joint holders) of such Note at its address appearing in the Register. 
Upon application by the holder to the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer 
Agent before the Record Date, such payment of interest may be made by transfer to an 
account in the relevant currency maintained by the payee with a Bank. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in 
respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same 
manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside 
the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of 
such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United 
States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments subject to Laws 
Save as provided in Condition 8, payments will be subject in all cases to any other applicable fiscal or 
other laws and regulations in the place of payment or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer or 
its Agents agree to be subject and neither the Issuer will be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever 
nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations or agreements. No commission or expenses shall be 
charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments.  
(e) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the 
Calculation Agent are initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed 
below. The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the 
Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or relationship of 
agency or trust for or with any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time 
with the approval of the Trustee to vary or terminate the appointment of the Issuing and Paying Agent, 
any other Paying Agent, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain (i) an Issuing and Paying Agent, (ii) a Registrar in relation to Registered Notes, (iii) a 
Transfer Agent in relation to Registered Notes which, so long as the Notes are listed on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, shall have a specified office in Luxembourg, (iv) one or more 
Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (v) Paying Agents having specified offices in at 
least two major European cities (including Luxembourg) so long as the Notes are listed on the

--- Page 90 ---
82 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and (vi) such other agents as may be required by the rules of any other 
stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed in each case as approved by the Trustee. In addition, 
the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any Bearer Notes 
denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of Bearer Notes which comprise Fixed Rate Notes, such 
Notes should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) 
relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing 
unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of 
the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to 
the total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for 
payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against 
surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for 
the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to 
Condition 9). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note comprising a Floating Rate Note, 
unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and 
no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to 
such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered 
in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note that is redeemable in instalments, all 
Receipts relating to such Note having an Instalment Date falling on or after such due date 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of 
them. 
(v) 
Where any Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become 
void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without 
all unmatured Coupons, and where any Bearer Note is presented for redemption without 
any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision 
of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(vi) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, 
interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and 
surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Note or Certificate representing it, as the 
case may be. Interest accrued on a Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date 
shall be payable on redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Note or 
Certificate representing it, as the case may be. 
(g) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued in 
respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the

--- Page 91 ---
83 
specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if 
necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have 
become void pursuant to Condition 9). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a business day, the holder 
shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other sum 
in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the 
relevant place of presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” 
hereon and: 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by 
transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign 
exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such currency or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day. 
8 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes, the Receipts and 
the Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by 
or within the jurisdiction of the country of incorporation of the Issuer or any authority therein or thereof 
having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall 
pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders and Couponholders of such amounts 
as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no 
such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon: 
(a) 
Other connection 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of his having some 
connection with the jurisdiction of the country of incorporation of the Issuer other than the mere 
holding of the Note, Receipt or Coupon; or 
(b) 
Lawful avoidance of withholding 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who could lawfully avoid (but has not so avoided) such 
deduction or withholding by complying or procuring that any third party complies with any statutory 
requirements or by making or procuring that any third party makes a declaration of non-residence or 
other similar claim for exemption to any tax authority in the place where the relevant Note (or the 
Certificate representing it), Receipt or Coupon is presented for payment; or

--- Page 92 ---
84 
(c) 
Withholding Tax Act 2021 
in respect of any tax withheld or deducted pursuant to the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet 
bronbelasting 2021); or 
(d) 
Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date 
presented (or in respect of which the Certificate representing it is presented) for payment more than 30 
days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder of it would have been entitled to such 
additional amounts on presenting it for payment on the thirtieth day. 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon means the date on 
which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly 
withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the 
date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of 
the Note (or relative Certificate), Receipt or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such 
payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. References in these 
Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, all 
Instalment Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption 
Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to 
Condition 6, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable 
pursuant to Condition 5 and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be deemed to include any additional 
amounts that may be payable under this Condition or any undertaking given in addition to or in substitution 
for it under the Trust Deed. 
9 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons (which, for this purpose, 
shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years (in the case of 
principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
10 Events of Default 
If any of the following events (“Events of Default”) occurs and is continuing, the Trustee at its discretion 
may, and if so requested by holders of at least one-quarter in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding or 
if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution shall, give notice to the Issuer that the Notes are, and they shall 
immediately become, due and payable at their Early Redemption Amount together with accrued interest: 
(a) 
Non-Payment 
default is made for more than 14 days (in the case of interest) or seven days (in the case of principal) in 
the payment on the due date of interest or principal in respect of any of the Notes or 
(b) 
Breach of Other Obligations 
the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its other obligations under the Notes or 
(as the case may be) the Trust Deed which default is incapable of remedy or, if in the opinion of the 
Trustee capable of remedy, is not in the opinion of the Trustee remedied within 30 days after notice of 
such default shall have been given to the Issuer by the Trustee or 
(c) 
Cross-Acceleration 
(A) any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer or (where applicable) any of the Material 
Subsidiaries for or in respect of moneys borrowed (“Indebtedness”) becomes due and payable prior to

--- Page 93 ---
85 
its stated maturity by reason of any event of default (howsoever described), or (B) any amount of 
principal under any Indebtedness is not paid at the stated final maturity date thereof or, as the case may 
be, within any applicable grace period, or (C) the Issuer or (where applicable) any of its Material 
Subsidiaries fails to pay when due any amount payable by it under any present or future guarantee for, 
or indemnity in respect of, any such Indebtedness unless in each case where (i) the aggregate amount 
of the relevant Indebtedness, guarantees and indemnities in respect of which one or more of the events 
mentioned above in this paragraph (c) have occurred is less than €200,000,000 or its equivalent (as 
reasonably determined by the Trustee (on the basis of the middle spot rate for the relevant currency 
against the euro as quoted by any leading bank on the day on which this paragraph operates), (ii) any 
such Indebtedness, guarantees and indemnities in respect of which one or more of the events 
mentioned above in this paragraph (c) is owed to a shareholder of a Material Subsidiary which 
Material Subsidiary is not directly or indirectly wholly-owned by Airbus or (iii) the Issuer or such 
Material Subsidiary, as the case may be, is disputing in good faith before a competent court or by other 
appropriate proceedings that any such Indebtedness is due and payable or that such guarantee or 
indemnity is due and callable, in which case such event shall not constitute an event of default 
hereunder so long as the dispute shall not have been irrevocably adjudicated or 
(d) 
Insolvency 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is (or is, or could be, deemed by law or a court to be) 
insolvent or bankrupt or unable to pay its debts, stops, or suspends payment of all or a material part of 
(or of a particular type of) its debts, proposes or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or 
composition with or for the benefit of the relevant creditors in respect of any of such debts or a 
moratorium is agreed or declared in respect of or affecting all or any part of (or of a particular type of) 
the debts of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries or 
(e) 
Winding-up 
an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer or  
any of its Material Subsidiaries, the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries cease to carry on all or a 
substantial part of its business or operations, except for the purpose of and followed by a 
reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation (i) on terms approved by the 
Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the Noteholders or (ii) in 
the case of a Material Subsidiary, whereby the undertaking and assets of the Material Subsidiary are 
transferred to or otherwise vested in the Issuer or another of its Subsidiaries or, if in the case of any 
transfer or disposal to a third party, such transfer or disposal is carried out on an arms’ length basis for 
fair value or 
(f) 
Analogous Events 
any event occurs that under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an analogous effect to any of the 
events referred to in any of the foregoing paragraphs  
provided that in the case of paragraphs (b), (c) and (e) to (f) the Trustee shall have certified that in its opinion 
such event is materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders.  
11 Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders (including at a physical 
location or by means of any electronic platform (such as conference call or videoconference or a

--- Page 94 ---
86 
combination of such methods)) to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the 
sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of a modification of any of 
these Conditions or any provisions of the Trust Deed. Such a meeting may be convened by 
Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding. The quorum for any meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary Resolution shall be 
two or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in nominal amount of the Notes for the 
time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two or more persons being or representing 
Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes held or represented, unless the business of 
such meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter alia, (i) to amend the dates of maturity or 
redemption of the Notes, any Instalment Date or any date for payment of interest or Interest Amounts 
on the Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the nominal amount of, or any Instalment Amount of, or any 
premium payable on redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of 
the Notes or to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the 
basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes, (iv) if a Minimum and/or a 
Maximum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount is shown hereon, to reduce any 
such Minimum and/or Maximum, (v) to vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final 
Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, including 
the method of calculating the Amortised Face Amount, (vi) to vary the currency or currencies of 
payment or denomination of the Notes, (vii) to take any steps that as specified hereon may only be 
taken following approval by an Extraordinary Resolution to which the special quorum provisions 
apply, or (viii) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders 
or the majority required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution, in which case the necessary quorum (the 
“Special Quorum”) shall be two or more persons holding or representing not less than 75 per cent., or 
at any adjourned meeting not less than 25 per cent., in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding on Noteholders (whether or 
not they were present at the meeting at which such resolution was passed) and on all Couponholders.  
The Trust Deed provides that (i) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less 
than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding (a “Written Resolution”) or (ii) where 
the Notes are held by or on behalf of a clearing system or clearing systems, approval of a resolution 
proposed by the Issuer or the Trustee (as the case may be) given by way of electronic consents 
communicated through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in 
accordance with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 
75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding (“Electronic Consent”) shall, in each 
case for all purposes (including matters that would otherwise require an Extraordinary Resolution to be 
passed at a meeting for which the Special Quorum was satisfied) be as valid and effective as an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held.  A Written 
Resolution may be contained in one document or several documents in like form, each signed by or on 
behalf of one or more Noteholders. A Written Resolution and/or Electronic Consent will be binding on 
all Noteholders whether or not they participated in such Written Resolution and/or Electronic Consent, 
as the case may be. 
(b) 
Modification of the Trust Deed 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to (i) any 
modification of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed of a formal, minor or technical nature or to 
correct a manifest error, and (ii) any other modification (except as mentioned in the Trust Deed), and 
any waiver or authorisation, on such terms as seem expedient to it, of any breach or proposed breach, 
of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed that is in the opinion of the Trustee not materially prejudicial 
to the interests of the Noteholders. Any such waiver, modification, authorisation or determination shall

--- Page 95 ---
87 
be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and, if the Trustee so requires, such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders as soon as practicable. 
(c) 
Substitution 
The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Trustee to agree, subject to such amendment of the 
Trust Deed and such other conditions as the Trustee may require, but without the consent of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders, to the substitution of the Issuer’s successor in business or any 
subsidiary of the Issuer or its successor in business in place of the Issuer, or of any previous substituted 
company, as principal debtor under the Trust Deed and the Notes. In the case of such a substitution the 
Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, to a change of the 
law governing the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons, the Talons and/or the Trust Deed provided that 
such change would not in the opinion of the Trustee be materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders. 
(d) 
Entitlement of the Trustee 
In connection with the exercise of its functions (including but not limited to those referred to in this 
Condition) the Trustee shall have regard to the interests of the Noteholders as a class and shall not have 
regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual Noteholders or Couponholders and the 
Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim, 
from the Issuer any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise 
upon individual Noteholders or Couponholders. 
12 Enforcement 
At any time after the Notes become due and payable, the Trustee may, at its discretion and without further 
notice, institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce the terms of the Trust Deed, 
the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons, but it need not take any such proceedings unless (a) it shall have 
been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or so requested in writing by Noteholders holding at least 
one-quarter in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding, and (b) it shall have been indemnified to its 
satisfaction. No Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder may proceed directly against the Issuer unless 
the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails to do so within a reasonable time and such failure is 
continuing. 
13 Indemnification of the Trustee 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility. The Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuer and any entity related 
to the Issuer without accounting for any profit. 
14 Replacement of Notes, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority regulations, at 
the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent in Luxembourg (in the case of Bearer Notes, Receipts, 
Coupons or Talons) and of the Registrar (in the case of Certificates) or such other Paying Agent or Transfer 
Agent, as the case may be, as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of 
whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs 
incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may 
provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is

--- Page 96 ---
88 
subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be 
paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Notes, Certificates, Receipts, 
Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, 
Certificates, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
15 Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and issue 
further securities having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except 
for the first payment of interest on them) and so that such further issue shall be consolidated and form a single 
series with an outstanding Series. References in these Conditions to the Notes include (unless the context 
requires otherwise) any other securities issued pursuant to this Condition and forming a single series with the 
Notes. 
16 Notices 
Notices to the holders of Registered Notes shall be mailed to them at their respective addresses in the Register 
and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after 
the date of mailing. Such notices, so long as the Registered Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, shall also be published in a daily newspaper with general circulation in Luxembourg (which is 
expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or on the web site of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). Notices to the holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper of 
general circulation in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and so long as the Notes are 
listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, in a daily newspaper with general circulation in Luxembourg 
(which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort), or on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). If in the opinion of the Trustee any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be 
validly given if published in another leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in 
Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published 
more than once or on different dates, on the first date on which publication is made, as provided above. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the 
holders of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
17 Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts (Rights of 
Third Parties) Act 1999. 
18 Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Trust Deed, the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, English law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
The Courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of or in 
connection with any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons and accordingly any legal action or 
proceedings arising out of or in connection with any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons 
(“Proceedings”) may be brought in such courts. Airbus has in the Trust Deed irrevocably submitted to 
the jurisdiction of such courts.

--- Page 97 ---
89 
(c) 
Service of Process 
Airbus has irrevocably appointed an agent in England to receive, for it and on its behalf, service of 
process in any Proceedings in England.

--- Page 98 ---
90 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Initial Issue of Notes 
If the Global Notes or Global Certificates are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in NGN form 
or the Global Certificate to be held under the NSS (as the case may be), the Global Notes or the Global 
Certificates will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Safekeeper. 
Depositing the Global Notes or the Global Certificates with the Common Safekeeper does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Global Notes which are issued in CGN form and Global Certificates which are not held under the NSS may 
be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Depositary. 
If the Global Note is a CGN, upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with a Common Depositary or 
registration of Registered Notes in the name of any nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
delivery of the relative Global Certificate to the Common Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it 
has subscribed and paid. If the Global Note is a NGN, the nominal amount of the Notes shall be the aggregate 
amount from time to time entered in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. The records of 
such clearing system shall be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount of Notes represented by the Global 
Note and a statement issued by such clearing system at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records 
of the relevant clearing system at that time. 
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary may also be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect 
accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, 
Notes that are initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing systems. 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other permitted 
clearing system as the holder of a Note represented by a Global Note or a Global Certificate must look solely 
to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such clearing system (as the case may be) for his share of each 
payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the underlying Registered 
Notes, as the case may be, and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Notes or Global 
Certificates, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, or such clearing system (as the case may be). Such persons shall have no claim directly against 
the Issuer in respect of payments due on the Notes for so long as the Notes are represented by such Global 
Note or Global Certificate and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer of 
such Global Note or the holder of the underlying Registered Notes, as the case may be, in respect of each 
amount so paid. 
Exchange 
1 
Temporary Global Notes 
Each temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange Date:

--- Page 99 ---
91 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Global Note is issued in compliance with TEFRA C or 
in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see “General Description of the 
Programme – U.S. TEFRA Compliance”), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Notes defined 
and described below and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole or in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form set 
out in the Agency Agreement for interests in a permanent Global Note or, if so provided in the 
relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes. 
Each temporary Global Note that is also an Exchangeable Bearer Note will be exchangeable for Registered 
Notes in accordance with the Conditions in addition to any permanent Global Note or Definitive Notes for 
which it may be exchangeable and, before its Exchange Date, will also be exchangeable in whole or in part 
for Registered Notes only. 
2 
Permanent Global Notes 
Each permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange Date 
in whole but not, except as provided under “Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes”, in part for 
Definitive Notes or, in the case of 2(i) below, Registered Notes: 
(i) 
if the permanent Global Note is an Exchangeable Bearer Note, by the holder giving notice to the 
Issuing and Paying Agent of its election to exchange the whole or a part of such Global Note for 
Registered Notes; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, if the permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or any other clearing system (an “Alternative Clearing System”) and any such clearing system is 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or 
otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so. 
3 
Permanent Global Certificates 
If the Final Terms states that the Notes are to be represented by a permanent Global Certificate on issue, the 
following will apply in respect of transfers of Notes held in Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or an 
Alternative Clearing System. These provisions will not prevent the trading of interests in the Notes within a 
clearing system whilst they are held on behalf of such clearing system, but will limit the circumstances in 
which the Notes may be withdrawn from the relevant clearing system. 
Transfers of the holding of Notes represented by any Global Certificate pursuant to Condition 2(b) may only 
be made in part: 
(i) 
if the relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by 
reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease business 
or does in fact do so; or 
(ii) 
with the consent of the Issuer 
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to 3(i) above, the Registered Holder 
has given the Registrar not less than 30 days’ notice at its specified office of the Registered Holder’s intention 
to effect such transfer. 
Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
For so long as a permanent Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system and the rules of that clearing 
system permit, such permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in part on one or more occasions for

--- Page 100 ---
92 
Registered Notes if the permanent Global Note is an Exchangeable Bearer Note and the part submitted for 
exchange is to be exchanged for Registered Notes. 
Delivery of Notes 
If the Global Note is a CGN, on or after any due date for exchange the holder of a Global Note may surrender 
such Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to or to the order of the 
Issuing and Paying Agent. In exchange for any Global Note, or the part thereof to be exchanged, the Issuer 
will (i) in the case of a temporary Global Note exchangeable for a permanent Global Note, deliver, or procure 
the delivery of, a permanent Global Note in an aggregate nominal amount equal to that of the whole or that 
part of a temporary Global Note that is being exchanged or, in the case of a subsequent exchange, endorse, or 
procure the endorsement of, a permanent Global Note to reflect such exchange, (ii) in the case of a Global 
Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes or Registered Notes, deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal 
aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Notes and/or Certificates, as the 
case may be or (iii) if the Global Note is a NGN, procure that details of such exchange be entered pro rata in 
the records of the relevant clearing system. In this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, “Definitive Notes” 
means, in relation to any Global Note, the definitive Bearer Notes for which such Global Note may be 
exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons and Receipts in respect of interest or 
Instalment Amounts that have not already been paid on the Global Note and a Talon). Definitive Notes will be 
security printed and Certificates will be printed in accordance with any applicable legal and stock exchange 
requirements in or substantially in the form set out in the Schedules to the Trust Deed. On exchange in full of 
each permanent Global Note, the Issuer will, if the holder so requests, procure that it is cancelled and returned 
to the holder together with the relevant Definitive Notes. 
Exchange Date 
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a temporary Global Note, the day falling after the expiry of 40 days 
after its issue date and, in relation to a permanent Global Note, a day falling not less than 60 days, or in the 
case of an exchange for Registered Notes five days, or in the case of failure to pay principal in respect of any 
Notes when due 30 days, after that on which the notice requiring exchange is given and on which banks are 
open for business in the city in which the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent is located and in the 
city in which the relevant clearing system is located. 
Legends 
The following legend will appear on all bearer Global Notes, Definitive Notes, Coupons, Receipts and Talons: 
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code.” 
The sections referred to provide that a United States person who holds a bearer Note, Coupon, Receipt or 
Talon will generally not be allowed to deduct any loss realised on the sale, exchange or redemption of such 
Note, Coupon, Receipt or Talon and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment of any gain on the sale, 
disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Note, Coupon, Receipt or Talon. 
Transfers 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.

--- Page 101 ---
93 
Amendment to Conditions 
The temporary Global Notes, permanent Global Notes and Global Certificates contain provisions that apply to 
the Notes that they represent, some of which modify the effect of the terms and conditions of the Notes set out 
in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments 
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any temporary Global Note unless exchange 
for an interest in a permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes or Registered Notes is improperly withheld 
or refused. Payments on any temporary Global Note issued in compliance with TEFRA D before the 
Exchange Date will only be made against presentation of certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in 
the form set out in the Agency Agreement. All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Note in 
CGN form will be made against presentation for endorsement and, if no further payment falls to be made in 
respect of the Notes, surrender of that Global Note to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent or such 
other Paying Agent as shall have been notified to the Noteholders for such purpose. If the Global Note is a 
CGN, a record of each payment so made will be endorsed on each Global Note, which endorsement will be 
prima facie evidence that such payment has been made in respect of the Notes. If the Global Note is a NGN 
or, if the Global Certificate is held under the NSS, the Issuer shall procure that details of each such payment 
shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system and, in the case of payments of 
principal, the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the relevant clearing system and 
represented by the Global Note or the Global Certificate will be reduced accordingly. Payments under a NGN 
will be made to its holder. Each payment so made will discharge the Issuer’s obligations in respect thereof. 
Any failure to make the entries in the records of the relevant clearing system shall not affect such discharge. 
For the purpose of any payments made in respect of a Global Note, the relevant place of presentation shall be 
disregarded in the definition of “business day” set out in Condition 7(h) (Non-Business Days).  
All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Certificate will be made to, or to the order of, the 
person whose name is entered on the Register at the close of business on record date which shall be on the 
Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to the date for payment (the “Record Date”), where 
Clearing System Business Day means Monday to Friday inclusive except 25 December and 1 January. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Notes that are represented by a permanent Global Note will become 
void unless it is presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and 5 years (in the 
case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8). 
Meetings 
The holder of a permanent Global Note or of the Notes represented by a Global Certificate shall (unless such 
permanent Global Note or Global Certificate represents only one Note) be treated as being two persons for the 
purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of Noteholders and, at any such meeting, the holder of a 
permanent Global Note shall be treated as having one vote in respect of each integral currency unit of the 
Specified Currency of the Notes. (All holders of Registered Notes are entitled to one vote in respect of each 
integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Notes comprising such Noteholder’s holding, whether 
or not represented by a Global Certificate.)

--- Page 102 ---
94 
Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Note represented by a permanent Global Note that is required by the Conditions to be 
cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the nominal amount of the relevant 
permanent Global Note. 
Purchase 
Notes represented by a permanent Global Note may only be purchased by the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries 
if they are purchased together with the rights to receive all future payments of interest and Instalment 
Amounts (if any) thereon. 
Issuer’s Option 
Any option of the Issuer provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are represented by a 
permanent Global Note shall be exercised by the Issuer giving notice to the Trustee and Noteholders within 
the time limits set out in and containing the information required by the Conditions, except that the notice 
shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of Notes drawn in the case of a partial exercise of an option 
and accordingly no drawing of Notes shall be required. In the event that any option of the Issuer is exercised 
in respect of some but not all of the Notes of any Series, the rights of accountholders with a clearing system in 
respect of the Notes will be governed by the standard procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor 
or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) or any other Alternative Clearing System (as the case 
may be). 
Noteholders’ Options 
Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are represented 
by a permanent Global Note may be exercised by the holder of the permanent Global Note giving notice to 
the Issuing and Paying Agent within the time limits relating to the deposit of Notes with a Paying Agent set 
out in the Conditions substantially in the form of the notice available from any Paying Agent, except that the 
notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of the Notes in respect of which the option has been 
exercised, and stating the nominal amount of Notes in respect of which the option is exercised and at the same 
time, where the permanent Global Note is a CGN, presenting the permanent Global Note to the Paying Agent 
for notation. Where the Global Note is a NGN or where the Global Certificate is held under the NSS, the 
Issuer shall procure that details of such exercise shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant 
clearing system and the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in those records will be reduced accordingly. 
NGN nominal amount 
Where the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, cancellation, exercise 
of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, shall be entered in the records of the relevant 
clearing systems and upon any such entry being made, the nominal amount of the Notes represented by such 
Global Note shall be adjusted accordingly. 
Trustee’s Powers 
In considering the interests of Noteholders while any Global Note is held on behalf of, or Registered Notes 
are registered in the name of any nominee for, a clearing system, the Trustee may have regard to any

--- Page 103 ---
95 
information provided to it by such clearing system or its operator as to the identity (either individually or by 
category) of its accountholders with entitlements to such Global Note or Registered Notes and may consider 
such interests as if such accountholders were the holders of the Notes represented by such Global Note or 
Global Certificate. 
Notices 
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note and such Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing 
system, notices to the holders of Notes of that Series may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to that 
clearing system for communication by it to entitled accountholders in substitution for publication as required 
by the Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to the holder of the Global Note, except that so long as 
the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that exchange so require, notices 
shall also be published in a leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected 
to be the Luxemburger Wort) or on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution 
While any Global Note is held on behalf of or any Global Certificate is registered in the name of any nominee 
for a clearing system, then:  
(a) 
the Issuer and the Trustee shall be entitled to rely upon approval of a resolution proposed by the 
Issuer or the Trustee (as the case may be) given by way of electronic consents communicated 
through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance 
with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. 
in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding (an “Electronic Consent” as defined in the Trust 
Deed); and  
(b) 
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written 
Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) has been validly passed, the Issuer and the Trustee shall 
be entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer and/or the 
Trustee, as the case may be, by (i) accountholders in the clearing system with entitlements to such 
Global Note or Global Certificate and/or, (ii) where the accountholders hold any such entitlement 
on behalf of another person, on written consent from or written instruction by the person identified 
by that accountholder as the person for whom such entitlement is held. For the purpose of 
establishing the entitlement to give any such consent or instruction, the Issuer and the Trustee shall 
be entitled to rely on any certificate or other document issued by, in the case of (i) above, 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant alternative clearing system (the 
“relevant clearing system”) and, in the case of (ii) above, the relevant clearing system and the 
accountholder identified by the relevant clearing system for the purposes of (ii) above. Any 
resolution passed in such manner shall be binding on all Noteholders and Couponholders, even if 
the relevant consent or instruction proves to be defective. Any such certificate or other document 
may comprise any form of statement or print out of electronic records provided by the relevant 
clearing system (including Euroclear’s EUCLID or Clearstream, Luxembourg’s CreationOnline 
system) in accordance with its usual procedures and in which the accountholder of a particular 
principal or nominal amount of the Notes is clearly identified together with the amount of such 
holding. Neither the Issuer nor the Trustee shall be liable to any person by reason of having 
accepted as valid or not having rejected any certificate or other document to such effect purporting 
to be issued by any such person and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic.

--- Page 104 ---
96 
A Written Resolution and/or Electronic Consent shall take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution. A Written 
Resolution and/or Electronic Consent will be binding on all Noteholders and holders of Coupons, Talons and 
Receipts, whether or not they participated in such Written Resolution and/or Electronic Consent.

--- Page 105 ---
97 
USE OF PROCEEDS  
General  
The net proceeds from the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for general corporate 
purposes.  
If, in respect of any particular issue there is a particular identified use of proceeds other than as described 
above, this will be stated in the relevant section of the applicable Final Terms. 
Green Bonds 
If “Green Bonds” is specified in the “Reasons for the Offer” section in Part B of the applicable Final Terms, 
the net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be used to finance or refinance Eligible Projects 
that meet the eligibility requirements set out in the Issuer’s Green Financing Framework, which will be 
available on the Issuer’s website (https://www.airbus.com/) prior to the issuance of Green Bonds under the 
Programme. However, any information on or accessible through the Issuer’s website and information in the 
Green Financing Framework is not incorporated by reference and does not constitute part of this Base 
Prospectus and should not be relied upon in connection with making any investment decision with respect to 
Green Bonds. 
If, in respect of any particular issue there is a particular identified use of proceeds other than as described 
above, this will be stated in the relevant section of the Final Terms.

--- Page 106 ---
98 
DESCRIPTION OF AIRBUS  
For a general description of Airbus, its activities and its financial condition, please refer to the cross-reference 
table appearing in the section “Documents Incorporated by Reference” of this Debt Issuance Programme 
Prospectus and the information herein which modifies or supersedes the information incorporated by 
reference. Please note that where information has been sourced from a third party in Airbus’ 2021 Universal 
Registration Document, Airbus confirms that this information has been accurately reproduced and that as far 
as Airbus is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
In addition, please refer to the following information: 
MANAGEMENT 
The annual general meeting of the shareholders of the Issuer held on 12 April 2022 appointed Ms Irene 
Rummelhoff as an independent Non-Executive Member of the Board of Directors for a term of three years in 
replacement of Mr Carlos Tavares whose mandate expired as of the close of the same annual general meeting 
and who did not seek re-election. 
Since 2018, Ms Rummelhoff has served as Executive Vice President Marketing, Midstream & Processing at 
Equinor SA (international energy company based in Norway) and is a member of its Corporate Executive 
Committee. Between 2015 and 2018 she served as the Executive Vice-President for Equinor’s New Energy 
Solutions division, reporting to the CEO. In that context she was the architect of Equinor’s market-leading 
transition into the renewable energy field, ahead of all the other oil majors. She was tasked with forming a 
new division and driving the development of Equinor’s strategy in renewable and alternative energy solutions, 
whereby she pushed for low carbon solutions such as carbon capture and storage and other related 
technologies, including hydrogen development.  
Since 2014, Ms Rummelhoff has been also a Non-Executive Director of Norsk Hydro SA (aluminium and 
renewable energy producer) and has served as its Deputy Chair since 2016. She previously held a number of 
management positions within international business development and exploration in Equinor (previously 
Statoil). In order to avoid overboarding, as Irene is a full time executive of Equinor, she will not seek 
reelection as board member of Norsk Hydro following the expiration of her mandate at its next AGM in May 
2022. 
Ms Irene Rummelhoff's business address is Mendelweg 30, 2333 CS Leiden, The Netherlands. 
FINANCIAL CONDITION 
The first two paragraphs of section 2.1.1.3 of the 2021 Universal Registration Document are superseded by 
the following paragraphs: 
"2.1.1.3 Significant Programme Developments in 2019, 2020 and 2021 and Other Financial Topics 
A380 programme. Airbus delivered five A380 aircraft in 2021, four in 2020 and eight in 2019. 
As of 31 December 2018, the Company’s largest A380 operator reviewed its aircraft fleet strategy going 
forward and concluded it was forced to restructure and reduce its A380 order by 39 aircraft. As a 
consequence, the recognition of the onerous contract provision as well as other specific provisions and the

--- Page 107 ---
99 
remeasurement of the liabilities affected the consolidated income statement before taxes by a net € 463 
million in EBIT1 and positively impacted the other financial result by € 177 million as of 31 December 2018." 
For the purposes of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, section 2.1.3.3 of the 2021 Universal 
Registration Document is renumbered 2.1.3.4, section 2.1.3.4 is renumbered 2.1.3.5 and section 2.1.3.5 is 
renumbered 2.1.3.3, and each section is reordered accordingly and shall be read in such order. 
LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS  
The Issuer is involved from time to time in various governmental, legal and arbitration proceedings in the 
ordinary course of its business, the most significant of which are described below. Other than as described 
below, no material governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened) may have or have had in the recent past significant effects on Airbus’s financial 
position or profitability. 
Regarding the Issuer’s provisions policy, the Issuer recognises provisions for litigation and claims when (i) it 
has a present obligation from legal actions, governmental investigations, proceedings and other claims 
resulting from past events that are pending or may be instituted or asserted in the future against the Issuer, (ii) 
it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle such 
obligation and (iii) a reliable estimate of the amount of such obligation can be made. Although the Issuer 
believes that adequate provisions have been made to cover current or contemplated general and specific 
litigation and regulatory risks, no assurance can be provided that such provisions will be sufficient. For the 
amount of provisions for litigation and claims, please refer to “Note 24: Provisions, Contingent Assets and 
Contingent Liabilities” of the 2021 Airbus Audited Consolidated Annual Financial Statements. 
If the Issuer concludes that the disclosures relative to contingent liabilities can be expected to prejudice 
seriously its position in a dispute with other parties, the Issuer limits its disclosures to the nature of the 
dispute. 
Investigation by the UK SFO, France’s PNF, US Departments of State and Justice and Related 
Commercial Litigation 
The Issuer reached final agreements (in this section, “the agreements”) with the PNF, the SFO, and the DoJ 
resolving the authorities’ investigations into allegations of bribery and corruption, as well as with the US 
Department of State (“DoS”) and the DoJ to resolve their investigations into inaccurate and misleading filings 
made with the DoS pursuant to the US International Traffic in Arms Regulations (“ITAR”). The agreements 
were approved and made public on 31 January 2020. 
Under the terms of the agreements, the Issuer agreed to pay penalties of € 3,597,766,766 plus interest and 
costs to the French, UK and US authorities. This was recognised in the Issuer's 2019 accounts. The 
settlements with each authority were as follows: PNF € 2,083,137,455, the SFO € 983,974,311, the DoJ 
€ 526,150,496 and the DoS € 9,009,008 of which € 4,504,504 may be used for approved remedial compliance 
measures. All penalties have been paid. 
Under the terms of the Convention judiciaire d’intérêt public (“CJIP”) with the PNF, the Issuer has an 
obligation to submit its compliance programme to targeted audits carried out by the Agence Française 
Anticorruption (“AFA”) over a period of three years. 
Under the terms of the Deferred Prosecution Agreement (“DPA”) with the SFO, no independent compliance 
monitor will be imposed on the Issuer in light of the continuing monitorship to be conducted by the AFA. 
 
1 Airbus continues to use the term EBIT. EBIT is identical to profit before financial result and income taxes..

--- Page 108 ---
100 
Under the terms of the DPA with the DoJ, no independent compliance monitor will be imposed on Airbus 
under the agreement with the DoJ, but the Issuer will periodically report on its continuing compliance 
enhancement progress during the three year term of the DPA and carry out further reviews as required by the 
DoJ. 
The agreements result in the suspension of prosecution for a duration of three years whereupon the 
prosecutions will be extinguished if the Issuer complies with their terms throughout the period. 
Under the terms of the Consent Agreement with the DoS, the DoS has agreed to settle all civil violations of 
the ITAR outlined in the Issuer's voluntary disclosures identified in the Consent Agreement, and the Issuer has 
agreed to retain an independent export control compliance officer, who will monitor the effectiveness of the 
Issuer’s export control systems and its compliance with the ITAR for a duration of three years. 
As a result of the Issuer's decision to redirect export control compliance resources to ensure compliance with 
export control restrictions and international sanctions announced against Russia, Belarus and certain Russian 
entities and individuals following Russia's invasion of Ukraine on 24 February 2022, the Issuer has asked the 
DoS to extend the Consent Agreement by nine months. The DoS has granted the extension. The Issuer does 
not expect the Consent Agreement extension to have an impact on the DPAs with the SFO and DoJ, nor on the 
CJIP with the PNF, nor on the AFA's monitorship, as those are independent of the DoS's civil compliance 
programme review. 
Any breach of the terms of the agreements by the Issuer could lead to rescission by the authorities of the 
terms of the agreements and reopening of the prosecutions. Prosecution could result in the imposition of 
further monetary penalties or other sanctions including additional tax liability and could have a material 
impact on the financial statements, business and operations of the Issuer. 
In addition to any pending investigation in other jurisdictions, the factual disclosures made in the course of 
reaching the agreements may result in the commencement of additional investigations in other jurisdictions. 
Such investigations could also result in (i) civil claims or claims by shareholders against the Issuer, (ii) 
adverse consequences on the Issuer’s ability to obtain or continue financing for current or future projects, (iii) 
limitations on the eligibility of group companies for certain public sector contracts, and/or (iv) damage to the 
Issuer’s business or reputation via negative publicity adversely affecting the Issuer’s prospects in the 
commercial market place. 
Airbus will continue to cooperate with the authorities in the future, pursuant to the agreements and to enhance 
its strong Ethics & Compliance culture within the Issuer.  
Several consultants and other third parties have initiated commercial litigation and arbitration against the 
Issuer seeking relief. The agreements reached with authorities may lead to additional commercial litigation 
and arbitration against the Issuer and tax liability in the future, which could have a material impact on the 
financial statements, business and operations of the Issuer. 
Securities Litigation 
In August 2020, a putative class action lawsuit was filed in US federal court in the state of New Jersey against 
Airbus SE and members of its current and former management. The Issuer was served with the complaint in 
the fourth quarter of 2021. The lawsuit was brought on behalf of alleged shareholders that purchased or 
otherwise acquired Airbus SE securities in the US between 24 February 2016 and 30 July 2020, and asserts 
violations of US securities laws. The complaint alleges that defendants made false and misleading statements 
or omissions concerning, among other things, the Issuer’s agreements approved on 31 January 2020 with the 
French PNF, the UK SFO, the US DoJ and the US DoS as well as the Issuer’s historic practices regarding the 
use of third party business partners and anticorruption compliance. The lawsuit seeks unquantified damages. 
On 1 April 2022, the parties filed a stipulation with the court staying the lawsuit in the US pending settlement

--- Page 109 ---
101 
discussions between the parties. The parties have negotiated a proposed settlement and submitted it to the US 
federal court for validation. Notification of potential class members is ongoing. The Company has paid a 
settlement amount of US$ 5,000,000 in escrow pending final approval by the court. The court has scheduled a 
hearing for final approval of the class settlement on 30 September 2022. 
In addition, the Issuer received notification in August 2021 of two separate claims and in March 2022 of a 
third claim, all alleging similar facts as the US class action. Three claims have been filed in the Netherlands 
purportedly on behalf of Airbus investors. 
The first Dutch claim was filed in August 2021 by a special purpose vehicle incorporated under the laws of 
Guernsey, an assignee purportedly representing numerous private shareholders and institutional investors, 
seeking a declaratory judgment with damages to be assessed in follow on proceedings. This claim is now 
pending before the Amsterdam District Court. 
The second Dutch claim was filed in December 2021 following a demand letter sent by a foundation 
incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands, a purported representative of unnamed institutional and retail 
investors worldwide, starting a class action against the Issuer before the Dutch courts. This second Dutch 
claim targets the Issuer, certain of the Issuer's current and former directors and officers, and the Issuer's 
current and former auditors. 
The third Dutch claim was a class action filed in April 2022 against the Issuer by a foundation incorporated 
under the laws of the Netherlands. In accordance with Dutch procedural law, the two Dutch class action 
claims will be treated jointly as one case. 
The Dutch claims allege that the Issuer violated its reporting obligations by failing to adequately inform 
investors and providing false or misleading information about its use of intermediaries and alleged corrupt 
practices, its related financial exposure, internal investigations and subsequent measures taken by the Issuer, 
and related criminal investigations, which allegedly impacted the Issuer's share price. 
The Issuer cannot exclude the possibility that additional claims are filed related to this subject matter 
attempting different theories of recovery in the same or different jurisdictions. 
The Issuer believes it has solid grounds to defend itself against the allegations. The consequences of such 
litigation and the outcome of the proceedings cannot be fully assessed at this stage, but any judgment or 
decision unfavourable to the Issuer could have a material adverse impact on the financial statements, business 
and operations of the Issuer. 
Air France Flight 447 Trial 
On 1 June 2009, an A330 operated by Air France flight AF447 from Rio de Janeiro to Paris disappeared over 
the Atlantic Ocean with 228 persons onboard. The wreckage was located in April 2011 after several search 
campaigns organised by the Bureau d'Enquêtes et d'Analyses (BEA), which published its final investigation 
report in July 2012. In the wake of the accident, the prosecutor in Paris opened an investigation for 
involuntary manslaughter and Airbus SAS was charged in March 2011. In September 2019, the investigating 
magistrates closed the investigation and dismissed all criminal charges after a thorough analysis of the 
technical and legal elements of the case. However, the Paris Court of Appeal overturned the magistrates' 
decision and ordered trial for involuntary manslaughter. The Issuer’s appeal to the French Supreme Court has 
been dismissed. The trial is scheduled to take place in the fourth quarter of 2022. The criminal trial in the 
Paris Criminal Court and any judgment or decision unfavourable to the Issuer could result in damage to its 
business or reputation.

--- Page 110 ---
102 
Qatar Airways Commercial Litigation  
Citing surface degradation on some of its A350 fleet and alleging an underlying “design defect”, Qatar 
Airways filed a legal claim against the Issuer in the London Commercial Court on 17 December 2021. The 
claim seeks (a) liquidated damages for aircraft grounded by the Qatar Civil Aviation Authority, (b) an order 
that Airbus must deliver a full root cause analysis for surface degradation issues, and (c) a declaration by the 
court that Airbus may not deliver any further A350 aircraft to Qatar Airways until alleged “design defects” are 
cured. The Issuer rejects Qatar Airways' mischaracterisation of the non-structural surface degradation and the 
attendant grounding of the aircraft, which underpin the claim. Accordingly, the Issuer will defend itself 
vigorously in the proceedings. The consequences of such litigation and the outcome of the proceedings cannot 
be fully assessed at this stage, but any judgment or decision unfavourable to the Issuer could have a material 
adverse impact on the financial statements, business and operations of the Issuer as well as its reputation. 
Grand Canyon Helicopter Accident 
On 10 February 2018, a fatal accident occurred in the Grand Canyon at a site called Quartermaster in Arizona 
involving an EC130 B4 helicopter operated by Papillon Helicopters impacting the canyon floor and catching 
fire, leading to five fatalities and two severely injured persons. Following the accident, product liability 
claims were filed in Nevada state court in the US, including claims by the estate and parents of a deceased 
passenger and by the injured pilot of the helicopter. The Issuer intends to vigorously defend itself against the 
claims, but such claims may generate negative publicity and reputational harm. The trial is scheduled to take 
place in the second quarter of 2023. Any judgment or decision unfavourable to the Issuer could have a 
material adverse impact on the financial statements, business and operations of the Issuer as well as on its 
reputation. 
Other Investigations 
The Issuer is cooperating fully with the authorities in a judicial investigation in France related to Kazakhstan. 
In this spirit, the Issuer was interviewed by the investigating magistrates and has been granted the status of 
“assisted witness” in the investigation. 
The Issuer is also cooperating fully with the authorities in a judicial investigation in France related to Libya. 
In this spirit, the Issuer has responded voluntarily to requests for information. 
In 2019, the Issuer self-reported to German authorities potentially improper advance receipt and 
communication of confidential customer information by employees of Airbus Defence and Space GmbH. The 
information concerned relates to future German government procurement projects. The self-disclosure by the 
Issuer followed an internal review with the support of an external law firm. Both the German Ministry of 
Defence and the Munich public prosecutor opened an investigation into the matter. The investigation could 
have an impact on Airbus Defence and Space GmbH’s and Airbus Secure Land Communications GmbH’s 
ability to participate in future public procurement projects in Germany. In 2021 the Munich prosecution 
issued a penalty notice against Airbus Defence and Space GmbH for € 10 million for negligent violation of 
supervisory duties in connection with this matter. Airbus continues to fully cooperate with relevant 
authorities.

--- Page 111 ---
103 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP  
Cross Towers 
Antonio Vivaldistraat 150 
1083 HP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands

--- Page 112 ---
104 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS  
Please refer to (i) the Airbus 2021 Universal Registration Document incorporated by reference in this Debt 
Issuance Programme Prospectus, and in particular to the section entitled "Recent Developments" located on 
page 127 of Airbus' 2021 Universal Registration Document, (ii) the Airbus Q1 Results and (iii) the Airbus 
Interims, each incorporated by reference in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus.  
Furthermore, Airbus has published the following press releases:  
On 12 April 2022, Airbus published the following press release: 
 
"Airbus shareholders approve 2022 AGM resolutions 
Amsterdam, 12 April 2022 – Airbus SE (stock exchange symbol: AIR) shareholders approved all resolutions 
proposed at the 2022 Annual General Meeting (AGM), including the appointment of a new director and the 
renewal of three Board members among them the Chief Executive Officer. 
Irene Rummelhoff, Executive Vice President Marketing, Midstream & Processing at Norwegian energy 
company Equinor ASA, was appointed a non-executive director on the Airbus Board following the AGM’s 
endorsement. Her extensive experience in the field of energy transition and renewables brings important skills 
to help Airbus achieve its long-term sustainability goals. 
Shareholders approved the renewal of the Board mandate of Guillaume Faury as executive director and he 
was formally reappointed Airbus CEO at a Board meeting following the AGM. Catherine Guillouard and 
Claudia Nemat were re-elected non-executive directors. 
To ensure a smooth transition of the Board’s composition, one third of the 12 directors are reappointed or 
replaced every year, for three-year terms. 
During the AGM, it was announced that after five years serving as a non-executive director, Lord Drayson has 
decided to step down from the Airbus Board to focus on his political and business interests. The 
Remuneration, Nomination and Governance Committee has begun the search for a suitable replacement. 
The proposed payment of a 2021 gross dividend of € 1.50 per share was also approved at the AGM. The 
payment date is 21 April 2022 with 20 April 2022 being the record date. 
Shareholders showed a high level of engagement, with votes totalling 573 million and representing around 73 
per cent. of the outstanding share capital." 
On 21 June 2022, Airbus published the following press release: 
 
"Amsterdam, 21 June 2022 – Airbus SE has successfully completed a cash tender offer for up to € 1 billion 
of its Euro Medium-Term Note (EMTN) bonds, as part of the Company’s objective to optimise its debt 
portfolio. 
Investors showed strong interest in the bond buyback, which enables Airbus to reduce its debt position, 
further improve its debt coverage ratios and build financial flexibility within its current credit ratings. Airbus' 
net cash position has recovered over the past two years faster than expected by credit rating agencies, 
supported by the operational performance, cost containment and competitiveness. It stood at € 7.7 billion at 
the end of Q1 2022.

--- Page 113 ---
105 
The tender offer was made for the Company’s 2.375 per cent. 2024 Notes, 1.625 per cent. 2025 Notes, 0.875 
per cent. May 2026 Notes, 1.375 per cent. June 2026 Notes, 2 per cent. 2028 Notes and 1.625 per cent. 2030 
Notes, representing an aggregate principal amount of € 5.6 billion.   
Results of tender offer to purchase bonds in cash 
Following the expiration of the tender offer on 17 June 2022, the Company published the results of the 
successful buyback operation.  At the expiration deadline, an aggregate nominal amount of EUR 
1,373,971,000 of bonds were validly tendered for purchase. 
In line with the target acceptance amount set out by the Company at launch, the Company accepted for 
purchase an aggregate principal amount of € 1,000,000,000, as follows: 
Description 
Total Principal 
Outstanding 
Principal 
Amount 
Instructed 
Final 
Acceptance 
Amount 
Scaling Factor 
2.375 per cent. Notes due 2024 
(the 2024 Notes) 
€1,000,000,000
€176,996,000 
€176,996,000 
- 
1.625 per cent. Notes due 2025 
(the 2025 Notes) 
€750,000,000 
€188,757,000 
€188,757,000 
- 
0.875 per cent. Notes due May 
2026 
(the May 2026 Notes) 
€600,000,000 
€139,446,000 
€139,446,000 
- 
1.375 per cent. Notes due June 
2026 
(the June 2026 Notes) 
€1,250,000,000
€355,629,000 
€355,629,000 
- 
2.000 per cent. Notes due 2028 
(the 2028 Notes) 
€750,000,000 
€232,076,000 
€139,172,000 
58.79 per cent. 
1.625 per cent. Notes due 9 June 
2030 
(the 2030 Notes) 
€1,250,000,000
€281,067,000 
€0 
- 
Total 
  
€1,373,971,000 
€1,000,000,000 
  
  
 
The Company engaged Barclays, Morgan Stanley, Natixis and Natwest Markets to act as the dealer managers 
for the tender offer." 
On 27 July 2022, Airbus published the following press release: 
"Airbus reports Half-Year (H1) 2022 results 
● 
297(1) commercial aircraft delivered in H1 2022

--- Page 114 ---
106 
● 
Revenues € 24.8 billion; EBIT Adjusted € 2.6 billion 
● 
EBIT (reported) € 2.6 billion; EPS (reported) € 2.42 
● 
Free cash flow before M&A and customer financing € 2.0 billion 
● 
A320 Family monthly production rate target of 75 for 2025 unchanged; adjustment to 2022 and 
2023 ramp-up trajectory 
● 
2022 guidance updated to around 700 commercial aircraft deliveries 
● 
2022 guidance maintained for EBIT Adjusted and FCF before M&A and customer financing 
Amsterdam, 27 July 2022 – Airbus SE (stock exchange symbol: AIR) reported consolidated financial results 
for the Half-Year (H1) ended 30 June 2022. 
“Airbus delivered a solid H1 2022 financial performance in a complex operating environment, with the 
geopolitical and economic situation creating further uncertainties for the industry. The supply chain 
challenges are leading us to adjust the A320 Family ramp-up steps in 2022 and 2023, and we now target a 
monthly rate of 65 in early 2024. Our aircraft delivery target for 2022 has been updated accordingly. The 
earnings and free cash flow guidance are maintained, underpinned by the H1 financials,” said Guillaume 
Faury, Airbus Chief Executive Officer. “The Airbus teams are engaged with suppliers and partners to ramp up 
towards an A320 Family monthly production rate of 75 in 2025, backed by strong customer demand.” 
Gross commercial aircraft orders increased to 442 (H1 2021: 165 aircraft) with net orders of 259 aircraft after 
cancellations (H1 2021: 38 aircraft). The order backlog amounted to 7,046 commercial aircraft on 30 June 
2022. Airbus Helicopters booked 163 net orders (H1 2021: 123 units), including 14 Super Puma Family and 
in Q1 it was awarded the contract for the Tiger MkIII attack helicopter upgrade programme. Airbus Defence 
and Space’s order intake by value increased to € 6.5 billion (H1 2021: € 3.5 billion), corresponding to a book-
to-bill ratio of around 1.3. Second quarter orders included the contract to deliver 20 latest generation 
Eurofighter jets to the Spanish Air Force.  
Consolidated revenues totalled € 24.8 billion (H1 2021: € 24.6 billion). A total of 297(1) commercial aircraft 
were delivered (H1 2021: 297 aircraft), comprising 25 A220s, 230 A320 Family, 13 A330s and 29 A350s(2). 
Revenues generated by Airbus’ commercial aircraft activities were broadly stable. Airbus Helicopters 
delivered 115 units (H1 2021: 115 units), with revenues rising by 6 percent mainly reflecting growth in 
services and a favourable mix in programmes. Revenues at Airbus Defence and Space increased 11 percent, 
mainly driven by the Military Aircraft business and following the Eurodrone contract signature in February. 
Four A400M airlifters were delivered in H1 2022. 
Consolidated EBIT Adjusted – an alternative performance measure and key indicator capturing the 
underlying business margin by excluding material charges or profits caused by movements in provisions 
related to programmes, restructuring or foreign exchange impacts as well as capital gains/losses from the 
disposal and acquisition of businesses – was broadly stable at € 2,645 million (H1 2021: € 2,703 million). 
EBIT Adjusted related to Airbus’ commercial aircraft activities was broadly stable at € 2,276 million (H1 
2021: € 2,291 million). It included the non-recurring positive impact from retirement obligations recorded in 
Q1, partly offset by the impact from international sanctions against Russia which was reduced as compared to 
Q1 2022 following good progress on the remarketing of some aircraft. The net positive impact from these two 
non-recurring elements was largely offset by a less favourable currency hedging rate compared to H1 2021.  
On the A320 programme, production is progressing towards a rate of 75 aircraft per month in 2025 as 
previously communicated. Given the current supply chain challenges, the Company is adapting the ramp-up

--- Page 115 ---
107 
trajectory and now targets a monthly rate of 65 in early 2024, around six months later than previously 
planned. The first flight of the A321XLR took place in June, representing an important milestone towards the 
aircraft’s entry-into-service that is expected to take place in early 2024. On widebody aircraft, the Company is 
exploring, together with its supply chain, the feasibility of further rate increases to meet growing market 
demand as international air travel recovers. 
Airbus Helicopters’ EBIT Adjusted increased to € 215 million (H1 2021: € 183 million), partly driven by the 
growth in services and a favourable mix in programmes. It also reflects the non-recurring elements booked in 
Q1, including the positive impact related to retirement obligations. 
EBIT Adjusted at Airbus Defence and Space decreased to € 155 million (H1 2021: € 229 million). This 
mainly reflects the impairment related to the Ariane 6 launcher delay, the impact of rising inflation in some 
long-term contracts across the Division’s portfolio and the consequences of international sanctions, partly 
offset by the positive impact related to retirement obligations booked in Q1. 
On the A400M programme, development activities continue towards achieving the revised capability 
roadmap. Retrofit activities are progressing in close alignment with the customer. In Q2 2022, a charge of € 
0.2 billion was recorded, mainly reflecting the updated assumptions of inflation on the launch contract. Risks 
remain on the qualification of technical capabilities and associated costs, on aircraft operational reliability, on 
cost reductions and on securing export orders in time as per the revised baseline. 
Consolidated self-financed R&D expenses totalled € 1,256 million (H1 2021: € 1,262 million). 
Consolidated EBIT (reported) amounted to € 2,579 million (H1 2021: € 2,727 million), including net 
Adjustments of € -66 million.  
These Adjustments comprised:  
● 
€ +226 million related to the dollar pre-delivery payment mismatch and balance sheet revaluation, 
of which € +36 million were in Q2; 
● 
€ -218 million related to the A400M programme, of which € -217 million were in Q2; 
● 
€ -33 million related to the Aerostructures transformation in France and Germany, of which € -26 
million were in Q2; 
● 
€ -7 million related to the A380 programme, of which € +4 million were in Q2; 
● 
€ -34 million of other costs including compliance, of which € -29 million were in Q2. 
The financial result was € 107 million (H1 2021: € -30 million). It mainly reflects the positive net impact 
from the revaluation of certain equity investments, partially offset by the revaluation of financial instruments 
as well as the net interest result of € -136 million. Consolidated net income(3) was € 1,901 million (H1 2021: 
€ 2,231 million) with consolidated reported earnings per share of € 2.42 (H1 2021: € 2.84). 
Consolidated free cash flow before M&A and customer financing was € 1,955 million (H1 2021: € 2,051 
million), reflecting the profit translated into cash. It also included a favourable timing of cash receipts and 
payments partly offset by an increase in inventory. Consolidated free cash flow was € 1,646 million (H1 
2021: € 2,012 million). The 2021 dividend of € 1.50 per share, or € 1.2 billion, was paid in Q2 2022 while 
pension contributions totalled € 0.4 billion in H1 2022. On 30 June 2022, the gross cash position stood at € 
21.6 billion (year-end 2021: € 22.7 billion) with a consolidated net cash position(4) of € 7.2 billion (year-end 
2021: € 7.7 billion).

--- Page 116 ---
108 
The liquidity position remains strong, standing at € 27.6 billion at the end of June 2022. In June, the Company 
bought back a portion of its bonds maturing between 2024 and 2028 for a total amount of € 1 billion to reduce 
the gross debt position, optimise the balance sheet and regain financial flexibility. In July, liquidity was 
further improved through the upsizing of the undrawn Revolving Syndicated Credit Facility from € 6 billion 
to € 8 billion, while the tenor was increased to 5 years with 2 extension options of 1 year. The pricing of this 
facility benefitted from improved conditions in the loan market and continues to be linked to sustainability 
criteria.

--- Page 117 ---
11/63089067_3 
109 
Outlook 
As the basis for its 2022 guidance, the Company assumes no further disruptions to the world economy, air 
traffic, the Company’s internal operations, and its ability to deliver products and services. 
The Company’s 2022 guidance is before M&A. 
On that basis, 
• 
The Company now targets to deliver around 700 commercial aircraft in 2022. 
• 
The Company maintains its target of around € 5.5 billion of EBIT Adjusted and around € 3.5 billion of 
Free Cash Flow before M&A and Customer Financing in 2022. 
Note to editors: Live Webcast of the Analyst Conference Call 
At 19:15 CEST on 27 July 2022, you can listen to the H1 2022 Results Analyst Conference Call with 
Chief Executive Officer Guillaume Faury and Chief Financial Officer Dominik Asam via the Airbus 
website https://www.airbus.com. The analyst call presentation can also be found on the website. A recording 
will be made available in due course. For a reconciliation of Airbus’ KPIs to “reported IFRS” please refer to 
the analyst presentation.  
 
Contacts for the media: 
Guillaume Steuer 
Airbus 
+33 (0) 6 73 82 11 68
 
Rod Stone 
Airbus 
+33 (0) 6 30 52 19 93     
Justin Dubon 
Airbus 
+33 (0) 6 74 97 49 51 
Martin Agüera 
Airbus Defence and Space 
+49 (0) 175 227 4369 
 
Laurence Petiard 
Airbus Helicopters 
+33 (0) 6 18 79 75 69 
Philippe Gmerek 
Airbus 
+33 (0) 6 13 19 37 27 
 
 
Email 
Email
Email
Email 
Email
Email
Newsroom

--- Page 118 ---
110 
Consolidated Airbus – Half-Year (H1) 2022 Results   
(Amounts in Euro) 
Consolidated Airbus 
H1 2022 
H1 2021 
Change 
Revenues, in millions 
thereof defence, in millions 
24,810 
4,922 
24,637 
3,911 
+1% 
+26% 
EBIT Adjusted, in millions 
2,645 
2,703 
-2% 
EBIT (reported), in millions 
2,579 
2,727 
-5% 
Research & Development expenses, in 
millions 
1,256 
1,262 
0% 
Net Income(3), in millions 
1,901 
2,231 
 -15% 
Earnings Per Share   
2.42 
2.84 
 -15% 
Free Cash Flow (FCF), in millions 
1,646 
2,012 
 -18% 
Free Cash Flow before M&A, in 
millions 
1,665 
2,020 
 -18% 
Free Cash Flow before M&A and 
Customer Financing, in millions 
1,955 
2,051 
-5% 
 
Consolidated Airbus 
30 
June 
2022 
31 Dec 2021 
Change 
Net Cash position(4), in millions of Euro 
7,214 
7,740 
-7% 
Number of employees 
128,873 
126,495 
+2% 
For footnotes please refer to page 11.

--- Page 119 ---
111 
By 
Business 
Segment 
Revenues 
EBIT (reported) 
(Amounts in millions 
of Euro) 
H1 
202
2 
H1 
2021 
Chan
ge 
H1 
2022 
H1 
2021 
Cha
nge 
Airbus 
17,5
33 
17,81
3 
-2% 
2,478 
2,387 
+4
% 
Airbus Helicopters 
2,74
4 
2,594 
+6% 
215 
183 
+17
% 
Airbus Defence and 
Space 
5,05
6 
4,538 
+11
% 
-113 
157 
- 
Eliminations 
-523 
-308 
- 
-1 
0 
- 
Total 
24,8
10 
24,63
7 
+1% 
2,579 
2,727 
-5% 
 
By 
Business 
Segment 
EBIT Adjusted 
(Amounts in millions 
of Euro) 
H1 2022 
H1 2021 
Change 
Airbus 
2,276 
2,291 
-1% 
Airbus Helicopters 
215 
183 
+17% 
Airbus Defence and 
Space 
155 
229 
-32% 
Eliminations 
-1 
0 
- 
Total 
2,645 
2,703 
-2%

--- Page 120 ---
112 
 
By 
Business 
Segment 
Order Intake (net) 
Order Book 
 
H1 
2022 
H1 
2021 
Cha
nge 
30 
June 
2022 
30 June 
2021 
Cha
nge 
Airbus, in units 
259 
38 
+58
2% 
7,046 
6,925 
+2
% 
Airbus Helicopters, 
in  units 
163 
123 
+33
% 
787 
671 
+17
% 
Airbus Defence and 
Space, in millions of 
Euro 
6,534 
3,510 
+86
% 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A

--- Page 121 ---
113 
Consolidated Airbus – Second Quarter (Q2) 2022 Results 
(Amounts in Euro)  
Consolidated Airbus 
Q2 2022 
Q2 2021 
Chan
ge 
Revenues, in millions 
12,810 
14,177 
-10% 
EBIT Adjusted, in millions 
1,382 
2,009 
-31% 
EBIT (reported), in millions 
1,150 
2,265 
-49% 
Net Income(3), in millions 
682 
1,869 
-64% 
Earnings Per Share  
0.87 
2.38 
-63% 
 
By 
Business 
Segment 
Revenues 
EBIT (reported) 
(Amounts 
in 
millions of 
Euro) 
Q2 
2022 
Q2 
2021 
Chan
ge 
Q2 
2022 
Q2 
2021 
Chan
ge 
Airbus 
8,992 
10,54
1 
-15% 
1,236 
2,044 
-40% 
Airbus Helicopters 
1,479 
1,417 
+4% 
125 
121 
+3% 
Airbus Defence and 
Space 
2,603 
2,423 
+7% 
-208 
140 
- 
Eliminations 
-264 
-204 
- 
-3 
-40 
- 
Total 
12,81
0 
14,17
7 
-10% 
1,150 
2,265 
-49% 
 
By 
Business 
Segment 
EBIT Adjusted 
(Amounts 
in 
millions of Euro) 
Q2 2022 
Q2 2021 
Change 
Airbus 
1,211 
1,758 
-31% 
Airbus Helicopters 
125 
121 
+3%

--- Page 122 ---
114 
Airbus Defence and 
Space 
49 
170 
-71% 
Eliminations 
-3 
-40 
- 
Total 
1,382 
2,009 
-31% 
For footnotes please refer to page 10. 
Q2 2022 revenues decreased by 10%, mainly driven by lower commercial aircraft deliveries compared to the 
second quarter of 2021.    
Q2 2022 EBIT Adjusted declined by 31% to € 1,382 million, mainly reflecting lower commercial aircraft 
deliveries, the lower performance at Airbus Defence and Space as well as negative year-on-year impact from 
currency hedging. 
Q2 2022 EBIT (reported) of € 1,150 million included net Adjustments of € -232 million. Net Adjustments in 
the second quarter of 2021 amounted to € +256 million.    
Q2 2022 Net Income(3) of € 682 million mainly reflects the EBIT (reported), € -59 million from the financial 
result and € -440 million from income tax.  
EBIT (reported) / EBIT Adjusted Reconciliation 
The table below reconciles EBIT (reported) with EBIT Adjusted. 
Consolidated Airbus 
(Amounts in millions of 
Euro) 
H1 2022 
EBIT (reported) 
2,579 
thereof: 
 
$ PDP mismatch/balance 
sheet revaluation 
+226 
A400M charge 
-218 
Aerostructures 
transformation 
-33 
A380 programme 
-7 
Others 
-34 
EBIT Adjusted 
2,645

--- Page 123 ---
115 
Glossary  
KPI 
DEFINITION 
EBIT 
The Company continues to use the term EBIT (Earnings before interest and taxes). 
It is identical to Profit before finance cost and income taxes as defined by IFRS 
Rules.  
Adjustmen
t 
Adjustment, an alternative performance measure, is a term used by the Company 
which includes material charges or profits caused by movements in provisions 
related to programmes, restructuring or foreign exchange impacts as well as capital 
gains/losses from the disposal and acquisition of businesses. 
EBIT 
Adjusted 
The Company uses an alternative performance measure, EBIT Adjusted, as a key 
indicator capturing the underlying business margin by excluding material charges or 
profits caused by movements in provisions related to programmes, restructuring or 
foreign exchange impacts as well as capital gains/losses from the disposal and 
acquisition of businesses.  
EPS 
Adjusted 
EPS Adjusted is an alternative performance measure of basic earnings per share 
as reported whereby the net income as the numerator does include Adjustments. For 
reconciliation, see the Analyst presentation. 
Gross cash 
position 
The Company defines its consolidated gross cash position as the sum of (i) cash and 
cash equivalents and (ii) securities (all as recorded in the consolidated statement of 
financial position). 
Net 
cash 
position 
The Company defines its consolidated net cash position as the sum of (i) cash and 
cash equivalents and (ii) securities, minus (iii) financing liabilities, plus or minus 
(iiii) interest rate contracts related to fair value hedges (all as recorded in the 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position). 
FCF 
For the definition of the alternative performance measure free cash flow, see the 
Universal Registration Document, MD&A section 2.1.6.1. It is a key indicator 
which allows the Company to measure the amount of cash flow generated from 
operations after cash used in investing activities. 
FCF before 
M&A 
Free cash flow before mergers and acquisitions refers to free cash flow as defined in 
the Universal Registration Document, MD&A section 2.1.6.1 adjusted for net 
proceeds from disposals and acquisitions. It is an alternative performance 
measure and key indicator that reflects free cash flow excluding those cash flows 
resulting from acquisitions and disposals of businesses. 
FCF before 
M&A and 
customer 
financing 
Free cash flow before M&A and customer financing refers to free cash flow before 
mergers and acquisitions adjusted for cash flow related to aircraft financing 
activities. It is an alternative performance measure and indicator that may be used 
occasionally by the Company in its financial guidance, especially when there is 
higher uncertainty around customer financing activities.

--- Page 124 ---
116 
Footnotes: 
1) Before a reduction of two aircraft previously recorded as sold in December 2021 for which a transfer 
was not possible due to international sanctions against Russia.  
2) Two A350s delivered on operating lease without revenue recognition at delivery. 
3) Airbus SE continues to use the term Net Income/Loss. It is identical to Profit/Loss for the period 
attributable to equity owners of the parent as defined by IFRS Rules. 
4) The Company has decided to refine the net cash definition to include interest rate contracts related to fair 
value hedges, which is also reflected in the H1 2022 balance.  
Safe Harbour Statement: 
This press release includes forward-looking statements. Words such as “anticipates”, “believes”, “estimates”, 
“expects”, “intends”, “plans”, “projects”, “may” and similar expressions are used to identify these forward-
looking statements. Examples of forward-looking statements include statements made about strategy, ramp-
up and delivery schedules, introduction of new products and services and market expectations, as well as 
statements regarding future performance and outlook. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve 
risk and uncertainty because they relate to future events and circumstances and there are many factors that 
could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these 
forward-looking statements. 
These factors include but are not limited to: 
• 
Changes in general economic, political or market conditions, including the cyclical nature of some of 
Airbus’ businesses;  
• 
Significant disruptions in air travel (including as a result of the spread of disease or terrorist attacks); 
• 
Currency exchange rate fluctuations, in particular between the Euro and the U.S. dollar; 
• 
The successful execution of internal performance plans, including cost reduction and productivity 
efforts; 
• 
Product performance risks, as well as programme development and management risks; 
• 
Customer, supplier and subcontractor performance or contract negotiations, including financing issues; 
• 
Competition and consolidation in the aerospace and defence industry; 
• 
Significant collective bargaining labour disputes; 
• 
The outcome of political and legal processes, including the availability of government financing for 
certain programmes and the size of defence and space procurement budgets; 
• 
Research and development costs in connection with new products; 
• 
Legal, financial and governmental risks related to international transactions; 
• 
Legal and investigatory proceedings and other economic, political and technological risks and 
uncertainties; 
• 
Changes in societal expectations and regulatory requirements about climate change; 
• 
The full impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting health and economic crisis; 
• 
Aggravation of adverse geopolitical events, including Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and the resulting 
imposition of export control restrictions and international sanctions, and rising military tensions around 
the world. 
As a result, Airbus SE’s actual results may differ materially from the plans, goals and expectations set forth in 
such forward-looking statements. For more information about the impact of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, see

--- Page 125 ---
117 
Note 2 “Ukraine Crisis” of the Notes to the Airbus SE Unaudited Condensed Interim IFRS Consolidated 
Financial Statements for the six-month period ended 30 June 2022. For more information about the impact of 
the COVID-19 pandemic, see Note 3 “Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic” of the Notes to the Airbus SE 
Unaudited Condensed Interim IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements for the six-month period ended 30 
June 2022. For more information about factors that could cause future results to differ from such forward-
looking statements, see Airbus SE’s annual reports, including its 2021 Universal Registration Document filed 
on 6 April 2022 and the most recent Risk Factors. Any forward-looking statement contained in this press 
release speaks as of the date of this press release. Airbus SE undertakes no obligation to publicly revise or 
update any forward-looking statements in light of new information, future events or otherwise. 
Rounding 
Due to rounding, numbers presented may not add up precisely to the totals provided and percentages may not 
precisely reflect the absolute figures."

--- Page 126 ---
118 
TAXATION  
THE NETHERLANDS  
The following summary of certain Dutch taxation matters is based on the laws and practice in force as of the 
date of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus and is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation 
and application thereof, which changes could have retroactive effect. The following summary neither purports 
to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, 
hold or dispose of a Note, nor purports to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of 
investors, some of which may be subject to special rules. 
For the purpose of the paragraph “Taxes on Income and Capital Gains” below it is assumed that a holder of 
a Note, being an individual or a non-resident entity, neither has nor will have a substantial interest 
(aanmerkelijk belang) or a deemed substantial interest, in the Issuer and that a connected person (verbonden 
persoon) to the holder of a Note neither has nor will have a substantial interest in the Issuer.  
Generally speaking, an individual has a substantial interest in a company if (a) such individual, either alone 
or together with his partner, directly or indirectly has, or is deemed to have or (b) certain relatives of such 
individual or his partner directly or indirectly have or are deemed to have (i) the ownership of, a right to 
acquire the ownership of, or certain rights over, shares representing 5 per cent. or more of either the total 
issued and outstanding capital of such company or the issued and outstanding capital of any class of shares 
of such company, or (ii) the ownership of, or certain rights over, profit participating certificates 
(winstbewijzen) that relate to 5 per cent. or more of either the annual profit or the liquidation proceeds of 
such company. Generally, an individual has a deemed substantial interest in a company if (i) such individual 
or such individual's predecessor has disposed of or is deemed to have disposed of all or part of a substantial 
interest or (ii) such individual has transferred an enterprise in exchange for shares in such company, in each 
case, on a non-recognition basis. 
Generally speaking, a non-resident entity has a substantial interest in a company if such entity, directly or 
indirectly has (i) the ownership of, a right to acquire the ownership of, or certain rights over, shares 
representing 5 per cent. or more of either the total issued and outstanding capital of such company or the 
issued and outstanding capital of any class of shares of such company, or (ii) the ownership of, or certain 
rights over, profit participating certificates (winstbewijzen) that relate to 5 per cent. or more of either the 
annual profit or the liquidation proceeds of such company. Generally, an entity holding a Note has a deemed 
substantial interest in a company if such entity has disposed of or is deemed to have disposed of all or part of 
a substantial interest on a non-recognition basis.  
For the purpose of the paragraph "Taxes on Income and Capital Gains" below, the term "entity" means a 
corporation as well as any other person that is taxable as a corporation for Dutch corporate tax purposes. 
Where this summary refers to a holder of a Note, an individual holding a Note or an entity holding a Note, 
such reference is restricted to an individual or entity holding legal title to as well as an economic interest in 
such Note or otherwise being regarded as owning a Note for Dutch tax purposes. It is noted that for purposes 
of Dutch income, corporate, gift and inheritance tax, assets legally owned by a third party such as a trustee, 
foundation or similar entity, may be treated as assets owned by the (deemed) settler, grantor or similar 
originator or the beneficiaries in proportion to their interest in such arrangement. 
Where this summary refers to “The Netherlands” or “Dutch” it refers only to the European part of the 
Kingdom of The Netherlands. 
Where this summary refers to Notes, such reference includes Coupons and Talons.

--- Page 127 ---
119 
Investors should consult their professional advisers on the tax consequences of their acquiring, holding 
and disposing of a Note.  
Withholding Tax 
All payments of principal and interest by the Issuer under the Notes can be made without withholding or 
deduction of any taxes of whatever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by The Netherlands or any 
political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, save that: 
Dutch withholding tax may apply on certain (deemed) payments of interest made to an affiliated (gelieerde) 
entity of the Issuer if such entity (i) is considered to be resident (gevestigd) in a jurisdiction that is listed in the 
annually updated Dutch Regulation on low-taxing states and non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax purposes 
(Regeling laagbelastende staten en niet-coöperatieve rechtsgebieden voor belastingdoeleinden), or (ii) has a 
permanent establishment located in such jurisdiction to which the interest is attributable, or (iii) is entitled to 
the interest payable for the main purpose or one of the main purposes to avoid taxation for another person, or 
(iv) is not considered to be the recipient of the interest in its jurisdiction of residence because such jurisdiction 
treats another (lower-tier) entity as the recipient of the interest (a hybrid mismatch), or (v) is not treated as 
resident anywhere (also a hybrid mismatch), or (vi) is a reverse hybrid whereby the jurisdiction of residence 
of a participant that has a qualifying interest (kwalificerend belang) in the reverse hybrid treats the reverse 
hybrid as tax transparent and that participant would have been taxable based on one (or more) of the items in 
(i)-(v) above had the interest been due to the participant directly, all within the meaning of the Withholding 
Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021). If such Dutch withholding tax applies, the Issuer shall not be required 
to pay additional amounts, reference is made to Condition 8 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Taxes on Income and Capital Gains 
A holder of a Note will not be subject to Dutch taxation on income or a capital gain derived from a Note 
unless: 
 
the holder is or is deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for the relevant tax purposes; 
 
the income or capital gain is attributable to an enterprise or part thereof which is either effectively 
managed in The Netherlands or carried on through a permanent establishment (vaste inrichting) or a 
permanent representative (vaste vertegenwoordiger) taxable in The Netherlands and the holder 
derives profits from such enterprise (other than by way of the holding of securities); or 
 
the holder is an individual and the income or capital gain qualifies as income from miscellaneous 
activities (belastbaar resultaat uit overige werkzaamheden) in The Netherlands as defined in the 
Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001), including, without limitation, activities that 
exceed normal, active asset management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer). 
Gift and Inheritance Taxes 
Dutch gift or inheritance taxes will not be levied on the occasion of the transfer of a Note by way of gift by, or 
on the death of, a holder of a Note, unless: 
 
the holder is or is deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for the purpose of the relevant 
provisions; or 
 
the transfer is construed as an inheritance or gift made by, or on behalf of, a person who, at the time 
of the gift or death, is or is deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for the purpose of the relevant 
provisions.

--- Page 128 ---
120 
Value Added Tax 
There is no Dutch value added tax payable by a holder of a Note in respect of payments in consideration for 
the issue or acquisition of a Note, payments of principal or interest under a Note or payments in consideration 
for a disposal of a Note. 
Other Taxes and Duties  
There is no Dutch registration tax, stamp duty or any other similar tax or duty payable in The Netherlands by 
a holder of a Note in respect of or in connection with the acquisition, holding or disposal of a Note, the 
execution, delivery and/or enforcement by legal proceedings (including any foreign judgment in the courts of 
The Netherlands) of a Note or the performance of the Issuer's obligations under a Note. 
Residence 
A holder of a Note will not be and will not be deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for Dutch tax 
purposes and, subject to the exceptions set out above, will not otherwise become subject to Dutch taxation, by 
reason only of acquiring, holding or disposing of a Note or the execution, performance, delivery and/or 
enforcement of a Note.  
LUXEMBOURG 
The comments below are intended as a basic overview of certain Luxembourg withholding tax consequences 
in relation to the purchase, ownership and disposition of the Notes under Luxembourg law and do not purport 
to be complete or exhaustive. Persons who are in any doubt as to their tax position should consult a 
professional tax adviser. This description is not intended to constitute tax or legal advice by the Issuer. 
Withholding tax 
Under Luxembourg tax law currently in effect and subject to the exception below, there is no Luxembourg 
withholding tax on payments of interest (including accrued but unpaid interest) or repayments of principal of 
the Notes. 
In accordance with the law of 23 December 2005, as amended, interest payments made by Luxembourg 
paying agents to Luxembourg individual beneficial owners resident in Luxembourg are currently subject to a 
20 per cent. withholding tax. Responsibility for withholding such tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg 
paying agent. 
FATCA WITHHOLDING  
Pursuant to certain provisions of the Code, commonly known as FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” may 
be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to 
meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements.   A number of jurisdictions (including The 
Netherlands) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United 
States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. 
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, 
including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  Even if withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, 
proposed regulations have been issued that provide that such withholding would not apply prior to the date 
that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are published 
in the U.S. Federal Register. In the preamble to the proposed regulations, the U.S. Treasury Department 
indicated that taxpayers may rely on these proposed regulations until the issuance of final regulations. 
Noteholders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in

--- Page 129 ---
121 
the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 130 ---
122 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement dated 29 
July 2022 (the “Dealer Agreement”) between Airbus, the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, the Notes will 
be offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the 
right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be 
resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the 
relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. 
The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and 
severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each Relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes 
subscribed by it. Airbus has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for certain of its expenses incurred in 
connection with the establishment of the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in 
connection with the Programme. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale 
of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to 
subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions  
United States 
The Notes have not been nor will be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Accordingly, the Notes will be offered and sold only 
outside of the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act. Terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. Treasury regulations.  
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver the 
Notes of any identifiable Tranche, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days 
after completion of the distribution of such Tranche as determined, and certified to the Issuer, by the Issuing 
and Paying Agent,  within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will 
have sent to each Dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or 
other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have meanings given to them by 
Regulation S. 
The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on 
Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the closing date of any 
Series of Notes, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any Dealer (whether or not participating 
in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

--- Page 131 ---
123 
In addition, unless the applicable Final Terms or the Subscription Agreement relating to one or more Tranches 
specifies that the applicable TEFRA exemption is either “TEFRA C” or “TEFRA not applicable”, each Dealer 
has represented and agreed in relation to each Tranche of Notes in bearer form: 
a)  
except to the extent permitted under U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules 
in substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the Code, but 
excluding for such purposes, transactions that would permit resale of the Notes after the expiration 
of the restricted period to a person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United 
States person) (“TEFRA D”), each Dealer has represented that it has and agreed that: 
(i) 
it has not offered or sold, and agrees that it will not at any time offer or sell, Notes to a 
person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person; 
and 
(ii) 
it has not delivered and shall not at any time deliver definitive Notes to a person within 
the United States or its possessions; 
b)  
it has and it will at all times have in effect procedures reasonably designed to ensure that its 
employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Notes in bearer form are aware that such 
Notes may not be offered or sold at any time to a person who is within the United States or its 
possessions or to a United States person, except as permitted by TEFRA D; 
c)  
if it is a United States person, it is acquiring the Notes for purposes of resale in connection with 
their original issuance and if it retains Notes for its own account, it shall only do so in accordance 
with the requirements of U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163- 5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6) (or any successor rules in 
substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the Code); and 
d)  
with respect to each affiliate that acquires from it Notes for the purpose of offering or selling such 
Notes at any time, it either (i) repeats and confirms the representations contained in paragraphs (a), 
(b) and (c) above on behalf of such affiliate or (ii) agreed that it shall obtain from such affiliate for 
the benefit of the Issuer the representations contained in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above. 
In addition, to the extent that the applicable Final Terms or the Subscription Agreement relating to one or 
more Tranches of Bearer Notes specifies that the applicable TEFRA exemption is “TEFRA C”, under U.S. 
Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable 
for purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) (“TEFRA C”), Notes in bearer form must be issued and 
delivered outside the United States and its possessions in connection with their original issuance. In relation 
to each such Tranche, each Dealer represents and agrees that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and shall 
not at any time offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, Notes in bearer form within the United States or 
its possessions in connection with their original issuance. Further, in connection with the original issuance 
of Notes in bearer form, it has not communicated, and shall not at any time communicate, directly or 
indirectly, with a prospective purchaser if either such purchaser or it is within the United States or its 
possessions or otherwise involve its U.S. office in the offer or sale of Notes in bearer form.  
Terms used above have the meanings given to them by the Code and regulations thereunder, including 
TEFRA C and TEFRA D. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering

--- Page 132 ---
124 
contemplated by the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms  in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the EEA.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i)  
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision,  
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of UK MiFIR; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation, and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that: 
 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would 
otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of

--- Page 133 ---
125 
section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
The Netherlands 
Without prejudice to the restriction set out under Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors above, Zero 
Coupon Notes (as defined below) in definitive form issued by Airbus may only be transferred and accepted, 
directly or indirectly, within, from or into The Netherlands through the mediation of either the Issuer or a 
member firm of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. in full compliance with the Dutch Savings Certificates Act (Wet 
inzake spaarbewijzen) of 21 May 1985 (as amended) and its implementing regulations. No such mediation 
is required: (a) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of rights representing an interest in a Zero Coupon 
Note in global form, or (b) in respect of the initial issue of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form to the first 
holders thereof, or (c) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form 
between individuals not acting in the conduct of a business or profession, or (d) in respect of the transfer 
and acceptance of such Zero Coupon Notes within, from or into The Netherlands if all Zero Coupon Notes 
(either in definitive form or as rights representing an interest in a Zero Coupon Note in global form) of any 
particular Series are issued outside The Netherlands and are not distributed into The Netherlands in the 
course of initial distribution or immediately thereafter. As used herein "Zero Coupon Notes" are Notes that 
are in bearer form and that constitute a claim for a fixed sum against the Issuer and on which interest does 
not become due during their tenor or on which no interest is due whatsoever. 
Republic of France 
Private placement in France: 
Each of the Dealers represents and agrees that (i) it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, 
directly or indirectly, Notes in France to qualified investors as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus 
Regulation and (ii) it has only distributed or caused to be distributed and will only distribute or cause to be 
distributed in France, the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other 
offering material relating to the Notes, to qualified investors as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). Accordingly, 
each of the Dealers has represented and agreed that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will 
not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan 
(which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity 
organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or 
to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other 
relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with 
the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered 
or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase

--- Page 134 ---
126 
and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Debt 
Issuance Programme Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or 
invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in 
Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA pursuant to Section 
274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 
275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the 
conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the 
conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to 
in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Any reference to the "SFA" is a reference to the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of 
Singapore and a reference to any term as defined in the SFA or any provision in the SFA is a reference to 
that term as modified or amended from time to time including by such of its subsidiary legislation as may be 
applicable at the relevant time. 
In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the CMP Regulations 2018, the Issuer has, unless 
otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, determined the classification of all Notes to be issued under 
the Programme as prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and 
Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a 
change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in the Final Terms 
issued in respect of the issue of Notes to which it relates or in a supplement to this Debt Issuance 
Programme Prospectus.

--- Page 135 ---
127 
No representation is made that any action has been or will be taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a 
public offering of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of the Debt Issuance Programme 
Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for 
that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations 
and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its 
possession or distributes the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final 
Terms and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefor.

--- Page 136 ---
11/63089067_3 
128 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[s’/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer[s’/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for 
the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018]/[EUWA] (“UK 
MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any [person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”)][distributor] should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
[MiFID II/Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)]; (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended,  
“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (as amended, the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement

--- Page 137 ---
129 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA[; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA] . Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION - In connection with Section 309B of the Securities 
and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer 
has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that 
the Notes [are] / [are not] prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 
2018) and [are] [Excluded] / [Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendation on 
Investment Products.] 
Final Terms dated [●] 
AIRBUS SE (formerly known as Airbus Group SE) 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): MINO79WLOO247M1IL051 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche][Title of notes] by AIRBUS SE 
under the €12,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
The expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and amendments thereto. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus dated 29 July 2022 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [ ] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, the “Debt Issuance 
Programme Prospectus”. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Debt Issuance Programme 
Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the 
Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms, the Conditions set forth in the 
Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus and the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus [as so supplemented]. 
The 
Debt 
Issuance 
Programme 
Prospectus 
has 
been 
published 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(https://www.airbus.com/investors/hedging-and-debt-information.html) 
and 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).]  
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus with an earlier date.)  
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [2013 Conditions]/[2014 
Conditions]/[2015 Conditions]/[2019 Conditions] (the “Conditions”) which are incorporated by reference in 
the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus dated 29 July 2022. This document constitutes the Final Terms of 
the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction 
with such Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant 
information. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the

--- Page 138 ---
130 
combination of these Final Terms, the Conditions and the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus [and the 
supplement(s) dated [ ]]. The Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus has been published on the Issuer’s 
website (https://www.airbus.com/investors/hedging-and-debt-information.html) and on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).] 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs. Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.) 
 
1 
[(i)] 
Series Number: 
[ ] 
 
[(ii)] 
Tranche Number: 
[ ] 
2 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[ ] 
3 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes 
admitted to trading: 
[ ] 
 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[ ] 
 
[(ii)] 
Tranche: 
[ ] 
 
[(iii)]  
Date on which the Notes 
 
will be consolidated and 
 
form a single Series: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, form a single 
Series and be interchangeable for trading purposes with the 
[insert amount, interest rate, maturity date and issue date of 
the Series] on [insert date/the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent Global 
Note, as referred to in paragraph 23 below [which is expected 
to occur on or about [insert date]]].] 
4 
Issue Price of Tranche: 
 
[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [insert date]]  
5 
(i) Specified Denominations: 
[ ] 
        (ii) Calculation Amount: 
[ ] 
6 
[(i)] Issue Date [and Interest 
Commencement Date]: 
[ ] 
7 
[(i)] Interest Commencement Date (if 
different from the Issue Date): 
[ ] 
8 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed Rate/Zero Coupon -specify date/Floating Rate: 
Specified Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[specify month]] 
9 
Interest Basis: 
[[   ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[ EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR] +/– [    ] per cent. Floating 
Rate] 
[Zero Coupon](Further particulars specified in paragraph 
[14]/[15]/[16]) 
10 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, 
the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at 100 per 
cent. of their nominal amount. 
11 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Fixed Rate Note to Floating Rate Note/Floating Rate Note to

--- Page 139 ---
131 
Fixed Rate Note/ Fixed Rate Note to Zero Coupon 
Note/Floating Rate Note to Zero Coupon Note/Zero Coupon 
Note to Fixed Rate Note/Zero Coupon Note to Floating Rate 
Note]. Cross refer to paragraphs 14 to 16 as applicable [Not 
Applicable] 
12 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer] 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Clean-up Call Option] 
[Not Applicable]  
[(further particulars specified in paragraph 
[17]/[18]/[19]/[20]/[21] below)] 
13 
Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[ ] [and [ ], respectively] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation is 
required for the particular tranche of Notes )  
[Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[ ] in each year  
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[ ] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] [ ] (Insert particulars of any initial or final 
broken interest amounts which do not correspond with the 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) and the Interest Payment Date(s) to 
which they relate) 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360], [360/360] or [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] or [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
[Not applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Dates: 
[[ ] in each year][Not Applicable] (Only applicable where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such case insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity

--- Page 140 ---
132 
date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon)  
15 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[ ] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[   [ ] in each year, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (vi) below/, not subject to 
any adjustment[, as the Business Day Convention in (vi) below 
is specified to be Not Applicable]] 
(iii)       Effective Interest Payment 
Date 
[Not Applicable]/[The date falling [•] Business Days following 
each Interest Payment Date, provided that the Effective Interest 
Payment Date with respect to the last Interest Period will be the 
Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes 
before the Maturity Date, the date fixed for redemption 
(include for Payment Delay only)]1 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[[ ] in each year [, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set out in (vi) 
below/, not subject to any adjustment[, as the Business Day 
Convention in (vi) below is specified to be Not Applicable]] 
 
(v) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[ ] 
 
(vi) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following Business 
Day Convention/ Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] [(For 
Payment Delay, always specify a Business Day Convention)] 
 
(vii) 
Business Centre(s): 
[ ] 
 
(viii) Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be 
determined: 
 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(ix) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[ ] 
 
(x) 
Screen Rate Determination:  
 
 –Index Determination : 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Insert only if Index Determination is not applicable  
– Reference Rate: 
[ ] month [EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR] 
- Reference Bank(s): 
[ ] 
– Interest Determination 
[●]/[The date falling [●] Business Days prior to the first day of 
 
1 Effective Interest Payment Dates should be at least 5 Business Days after the Interest Payment Dates, unless otherwise 
agreed with the Paying Agent.

--- Page 141 ---
133 
Date(s): 
each Interest Period]/ [First day of each Interest Period]/[The 
[first, second, third etc.] Business Day immediately preceding 
the Interest Payment Date for each Interest Period (or 
immediately preceding such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Notes are due and payable).][provide details]/[The Interest 
Payment Date at the end of each Interest Period; provided that 
the Interest Determination Date with respect to the last Interest 
Period prior to the Maturity Date or the date fixed for 
redemption will be the Rate Cut-off Date - Include this wording 
for Payment Delay only]]2 
  
– Relevant Screen Page: 
[ ]/[Bloomberg Page SONIO/N Index]/[New York Federal 
Reserve's Website]/[ECB's Website] 
- Relevant time: 
[[●] in the Relevant Financial Centre]/[Not Applicable]3 
- Relevant Financial Centre: 
[   ] 
- Calculation Method: 
[Weighted Average/Compounded Daily/Not Applicable] 
-Observation Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Payment Delay/Not 
Applicable] 
-Observation Look-back 
Period: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]4 
(Not to be specified as less than five business days without the 
prior agreement of the Calculation Agent) 
-D: 
[365/360/[Not Applicable]] 
-Rate Cut-off Date: 
[The date falling [●] Business Days prior to the Maturity Date 
or the date fixed for redemption, as applicable – used for 
Payment Delay only]5/[Not Applicable] 
Insert only if Index Determination is applicable  
-SONIA Compounded 
Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
-SOFR Compounded Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
-Interest Determination 
Date: 
[●]/[The day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior 
to the relevant Interest Payment Date, or such other date on 
which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which, by 
its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions, is 
excluded from the relevant Interest Period)] 
-Relevant Decimal Place: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions]6 
 
2  To be at least 5 Business Days before the relevant Interest Payment Date where the Reference Rate is SONIA, SOFR or 
€STR, without the prior agreement of the Paying Agent. 
3  Select "Not Applicable" for SONIA, SOFR or €STR. 
4  The Observation Look-back Period should be at least as many Business Days before the Interest Payment Date as the 
Interest Determination Date. "Observation Look-back Period" is only applicable where "Lag" or "Observation Shift" is 
selected as the Observation Method; otherwise, select "Not Applicable". 
5  The Rate Cut-off Date should be at least 5 Business Days before the Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, unless 
otherwise agreed with the Paying Agent.

--- Page 142 ---
134 
-Relevant Number: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
-Numerator: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
 
(xi) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– Floating Rate Option: 
[ ] 
– Designated Maturity: 
[ ] 
– Reset Date: 
[ ] 
 
(xii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated using 
Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long interest 
period)] 
 
(xiii) Margin(s): 
[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360], [360/360] or [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] or [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
[Not applicable] 
16 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17 
Call Option (Condition 6(d)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[ ] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount]  
 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) Minimum nominal 
amount to be redeemed: 
[ ] per Calculation Amount/[Not Applicable] 
 
6  This should be a number that is five or greater where Compounded Daily SONIA is applicable and two or greater where 
Compounded Daily SOFR is applicable.

--- Page 143 ---
135 
(b) Maximum nominal 
amount to be redeemed: 
[ ] per Calculation Amount/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[ ] 
18 
Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer 
(Condition 6(e)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount] / [As per Conditions] 
 
(ii) 
Minimum Percentage: 
[ ] per cent. 
19 
Make-Whole Redemption by the 
Issuer (Condition 6(f)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[ ] 
 
(ii) 
Notice period: 
[ ] 
 
(iii) 
Redemption Rate 
[ ] 
 
(iv) 
Redemption Margin: 
[ ] 
20 
Residual Maturity Call Option 
(Condition 6(g)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Exercisable in whole/part: 
[in whole]/[in part] 
(ii) 
Residual Redemption Date: 
Not earlier than [ ] [before the Maturity Date] 
21 
Put Option (Condition 6(h)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[ ] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[ ] 
22 
 Early Redemption Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note 
payable on redemption for 
taxation reasons or on event 
of default: 
Par per Calculation Amount 
 
(ii) 
Redemption for taxation 
reasons permitted on days 
other than Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[Yes]/[No] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES

--- Page 144 ---
136 
23 
(i)  Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes / Exchangeable Bearer Notes]: 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global 
Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes] 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes in 
the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Note] 
 
Registered Notes: 
 
[Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for [a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg]] 
     (ii)  [New Global Note] / [Note held  
 under the New Safekeeping  
 Structure] 
[Yes] [No] 
24 
Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/include financial centre] (Note that this item 
relates to the date and place of payment, and not the end dates 
of interest periods for the purposes of calculating the amount 
of interest, to which paragraph 15 (vi) relates) 
25 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
[No/Yes. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive form, 
more than 27 coupon payments are left.] 
26 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
 
(i) Instalment Amount: 
[  ] 
(ii) Instalment Date(s): 
[  ] 
(iii) Minimum Instalment Amount: 
[  ] 
(iv) Maximum Instalment Amount 
[  ]  
27 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]7 
28 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 8 
 
 
 
 
7 
If the offer of the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged products”, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the offer of the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products and no KID will be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified. 
8 
If the offer of the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged products”, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the offer of the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products and no KID will be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.

--- Page 145 ---
137 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[ ] has been extracted from [ ]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and 
that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [ ], no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: ............................................ 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 146 ---
138 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing and 
Admission to 
trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Notes to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and admitted to trading on [the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange] [other relevant regulated market] with 
effect from [ ].] [Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [relevant 
regulated market] with effect from [ ].] [Not Applicable.]  
 
(ii) Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
[ ] 
2 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] rated]/[The 
following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type issued 
under the Programme generally]]: 
[S&P: [ ]] [Not Applicable]  
[Moody’s: [ ]] [Not Applicable] 
[[Other]: [ ]] [Not Applicable] 
[and endorsed by [insert details]] 
[Not Applicable] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes of 
the type being issued under the Programme generally or, where the 
issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
(Include appropriate Credit Rating Agency Regulation (1060/2009) 
disclosure) 
(Include brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has 
previously been published by the rating provider) 
Insert one (or more) of the following options, as applicable: 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established in the European 
Union and [has/have each] applied for registration under Regulation 
(EC) 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended, 
although 
notification 
of 
the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet been provided by the 
relevant competent authority.] 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established in the European 
Union and registered under Regulation (EC) 1060/2009, as amended.] 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] not established in the 
European Union and [has/have] not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) 1060/2009, as amended [but the ratings it has given to 
the Programme are endorsed by [ ], which is established in the EU and

--- Page 147 ---
139 
registered under the CRA Regulation]].]  
[Not Applicable] 
3 
[INTERESTS 
OF 
NATURAL 
AND 
LEGAL 
PERSONS 
INVOLVED 
IN 
THE 
[ISSUE/OFFER] 
[Not Applicable] 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of 
the statement below): 
"Save as discussed in ["Subscription and Sale"], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer 
of the Notes has an interest material to the offer." (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)] 
4 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS  
Reasons for the offer/use of proceeds: 
 
 
 
[See “Use of Proceeds” in Debt Issuance Programme 
Prospectus / Give Details] 
[Green Bonds: an amount equal to the net proceeds 
of the issue of the Green Bonds will be allocated to 
finance [Eligible Projects]/[ ] (set out any further 
required information here). 
See “Use of Proceeds” in the Debt Issuance 
Programme Prospectus[ and the Issuer’s Green 
Financing Framework and related information 
referred to therein.]]  
(See “Use of Proceeds” in Debt Issuance 
Programme Prospectus – if reasons for offer differ 
from what is disclosed in the Debt Issuance 
Programme Prospectus, give details here.) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[ ] 
5 
Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[ ] per cent. per annum [Not Applicable] 
6 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES (Floating Rate Notes only) 
[Details of historic [EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR] rates can be obtained from Reuters]. [Not Applicable] 
7 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
Trade Date: 
ISIN: 
[  ] 
[  ] 
Common Code: 
[  ] 
FISN: 
 
[[ ]/[As set out on the website of the Association of 
National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively

--- Page 148 ---
140 
 
 
CFI Code: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV and Clearstream Banking S.A., the 
relevant address and the identification number(s): 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN] 
[[ ]/As set out on the website of the Association of 
National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or 
available, it/they should be specified to be “Not 
Applicable”) 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
Delivery 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) if any: 
[ ][Not Applicable] 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[No][Yes] 
[Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one 
of the relevant Clearing Systems as common safekeeper 
[(and registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper)] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria.](Include this text if 
“yes” selected in which case the Notes must be issued 
in NGN form) 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a nominee of 
one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper)]. Note 
that this does not necessarily mean  
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]

--- Page 149 ---
141 
8 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i)  Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]  
(ii)  Date of [Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[ ] 
(iii) If syndicated, names and 
addresses of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/(give names and addresses)] 
 
(iv) Name(s) and address(es) of 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/(give name(s) and address(es))] 
 
(v)  If non-syndicated, name and 
address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/(give name and address)]  
(vi) U.S. Selling Restrictions 
(Categories of potential 
investors to which the Notes 
are offered): 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; TEFRA 
C/TEFRA D/ TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 150 ---
142 
GENERAL INFORMATION  
1 
Airbus has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the establishment 
and update of the Programme. The establishment and update of the Programme by Airbus and the issue of 
Notes were authorised by resolutions of the board of directors of Airbus passed on 5 December 2002 and 16 
February 2022. Please note that particular issuances of Notes may need to be additionally authorised as set out 
in the relevant Final Terms.  
2 
Except as disclosed (i) in the section entitled “Recent Developments” on page 127 of the Airbus 2021 
Universal Registration Document, (ii) in the Airbus Interims on pages 11 to 12, each as incorporated by 
reference in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, and (iii) in the section entitled “Recent 
Developments” on pages 104 to 108 of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, there has been (i) no 
material adverse change in the prospects of Airbus since 31 December 2021 and (ii) no significant change in 
the financial position or financial performance of Airbus or of the Group since 30 June 2022.  
3 
Except as disclosed in the section “Description of Airbus” on pages 98 to 102 of this Debt Issuance 
Programme Prospectus, neither Airbus nor any of its subsidiaries is or has been involved in any governmental, 
legal or arbitration proceedings which may have or have had, during the 12 months preceding the date of this 
Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, significant effects on the financial position or profitability of Airbus or 
any of its subsidiaries nor so far as Airbus is aware is any such governmental, legal or arbitration proceeding 
pending or threatened.  
4 
There are no conflicts of interests between any duties of the members of the board of directors of Airbus to 
Airbus and their private interests or other duties.  
5 
There are no material contracts not entered into in the ordinary course of Airbus’s business, which could result 
in any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to Airbus’s ability to 
meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued.  
6 
Each Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon and Talon will bear the following legend: “Any United States person who 
holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the 
limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code”. 
7 
Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg systems. The 
Common Code, the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN), Financial Instrument Short Name 
(FISN), Classification of Financial Instruments Code (CFI Code) (as applicable) and (where applicable) the 
identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
8 
The address of Euroclear is 1, boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Bruxelles, Belgium, the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42, avenue John Fitzgerald Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of 
Luxembourg and the address of Euroclear France is 66, rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France. 
9 
The Legal Entity Identifier code of Airbus is MINO79WLOO247M1IL051. 
10 As of the date of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, Airbus' long-term credit rating by S&P is A 
(stable outlook) and by Moody’s is A2 (stable outlook).  
11 The website of Airbus is https://www.airbus.com/. The information on https://www.airbus.com/ does not form 
part of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated by 
reference into this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus.

--- Page 151 ---
143 
12 Other than the information incorporated by reference, the content of the Airbus website and of all other 
websites referred to herein has not been scrutinised or approved by the competent authority and investors 
should not rely on such information.   
13 The following documents are available on the Issuer’s website (https://www.airbus.com/): 
(i) 
the Trust Deed (which includes the form of the Global Notes, the definitive Bearer Notes, the 
Certificates, the Coupons, the Receipts and the Talons) (https://www.airbus.com/investors/hedging-and-
debt-information.html); 
(ii) the Agency Agreement ( https://www.airbus.com/investors/hedging-and-debt-information.html); 
(iii) the up-to-date constitutive documents of Airbus (https://www.airbus.com/company/corporate-
governance/governance-framework-and-documents.html); 
(iv) the 2021 Universal Registration Document, the published annual report and audited financial statements 
of 
Airbus 
(https://www.airbus.com/investors/financial-results-and-annual-reports.html) 
(and 
any 
published interim financial information, if applicable) for the two financial years ended 31 December 
2020 and 2021, including the audited consolidated financial statements for the two financial years ended 
31 December 2020 and 2021, and the published unaudited interim financial information for the six 
month period ended 30 June 2022; 
(v) each Final Terms for Notes that are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, which will also be 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or any other stock 
exchange (https://www.airbus.com/investors/hedging-and-debt-information.html); 
(vi) a copy of this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Debt Issuance 
Programme 
Prospectus 
or 
further 
Debt 
Issuance 
Programme 
Prospectus 
(https://www.airbus.com/investors/hedging-and-debt-information.html) which will also be published on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu); and 
(viii) all reports, letters and other documents, statements of financial position, valuations and statements by 
any expert any part of which is extracted or referred to in this Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus. 
14 Airbus does not publish non-consolidated interim accounts.  
15 Ernst & Young Accountants LLP, has audited and issued an unqualified independent auditor’s report on the 
consolidated financial statements of Airbus for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 
2021 and has reviewed, and issued an unqualified independent auditor’s review report on the condensed 
Interim IFRS consolidated financial information of Airbus for the six-month period ended 30 June 2022. The 
auditor’s reports and review report in respect of such financial statements are incorporated by reference in this 
Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus. Ernst & Young Accountants LLP of which the “registeraccountants” 
are members of the NBA (Koninklijke Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants – The Royal 
Netherlands Institute of Chartered Accountants).  
16 The yield of any Fixed Rate Notes will be included in the applicable Final Terms. The yield will be calculated 
at the relevant Issue Date on the basis of the relevant Issue Price. It will not be an indication of future yield. 
17 Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and 
their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or 
related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for 
the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or

--- Page 152 ---
144 
instruments of the Issuer or its affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending 
relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary 
risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering 
into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions 
in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely 
affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also 
make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such 
securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short 
positions in such securities and instruments. 
In addition, potential conflicts of interest may arise between the calculation agent, if any, for a Tranche of 
Notes and the Noteholders, including with respect to certain discretionary determinations and judgements that 
such calculation agent may make pursuant to the Terms and Conditions that may influence the amount 
receivable upon redemption of the Notes.

--- Page 153 ---
145 
Registered Office of Airbus SE 
Mendelweg 30 
2333 CS 
Leiden 
The Netherlands 
Arranger 
BARCLAYS BANK IRELAND PLC 
One Molesworth Street  
Dublin 2 
D02 RF29 
Ireland 
Dealers 
BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA 
ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
Ciudad BBVA 
C/ Sauceda, 28 
Edificio Asia, Nivel 1 
28050 Madrid, Spain 
 
BANCO SANTANDER, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Avda. de Cantabria s/n 
28660 Boadilla del Monte 
Madrid, Spain  
BARCLAYS BANK IRELAND PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02 RF29 
Ireland 
COMMERZBANK 
AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany  
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND 
INVESTMENT BANK  
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 MONTROUGE CEDEX 
France  
DEUTSCHE BANK AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
GOLDMAN SACHS BANK EUROPE SE 
Marienturm 
Taunusanlage 9-10 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
HSBC CONTINENTAL EUROPE 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
J.P. MORGAN SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
MUFG SECURITIES (EUROPE) N.V. 
World Trade Center, Tower H, 11th Floor 
Zuidplein 98  
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands

--- Page 154 ---
146 
NATIXIS 
30 avenue Pierre Mendès France 
75013 Paris 
France  
NATWEST MARKETS N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
1082 MD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands  
SOCIETE GENERALE 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
UNICREDIT BANK AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
Trustee 
BNY MELLON CORPORATE TRUSTEE SERVICES LIMITED 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
 
Issuing and Paying Agent, Transfer Agent and Calculation Agent 
THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON, LONDON BRANCH 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
 
Paying Agent, Transfer Agent and Registrar 
THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON SA/NV LUXEMBOURG BRANCH 
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg Listing Agent 
THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON SA/NV LUXEMBOURG BRANCH 
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
 
 
Auditors to Airbus SE  
 
 
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP 
Cross Towers 
Antonio Vivaldistraat 150 
1083 HP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands

--- Page 155 ---
147 
 
Legal Advisers 
To Airbus SE  
in respect of English law 
in respect of Dutch law 
Herbert Smith Freehills LLP 
Exchange House 
Primrose Street 
London EC2A 2EG 
United Kingdom 
 
Clifford Chance LLP 
Droogbak 1A 
1013 GE Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
To the Dealers 
in respect of English law 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom