--- Page 1 ---
LATVENERGO AS 
(incorporated in the Republic of Latvia as a public limited company with registration number 40003032949) 
 
Third Programme for the Issuance of Notes 
in the Amount of EUR 200,000,000 
 
Under this Third Programme for the Issuance of Notes in the Amount of EUR 200,000,000 (the “Programme”) described in 
this base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) Latvenergo AS, a public limited company (in Latvian – akciju sabiedrība) 
incorporated in and operating under the laws of the Republic of Latvia, registered with the Commercial Register of the Republic 
of Latvia under registration number: 40003032949 and having its legal address at Pulkveža Brieža iela 12, Riga, LV-1230 (the 
“Issuer” or the “Company”), may issue and offer from time to time in one or several series (the “Series”) non-convertible 
unsecured and unguaranteed notes denominated in EUR, having maturity up to 10 years and with fixed interest rate (the 
“Notes”). Each Series may comprise one or more tranches of Notes (the “Tranches”). The maximum aggregate nominal 
amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not at any time exceed EUR 200,000,000. 
This Base Prospectus supersedes the previous base prospectus dated 20 April 2021 in relation to the Programme. Any Notes 
issued under the Programme on or after the date of this Base Prospectus are issued in accordance with the provisions 
described herein. 
To the extent not set forth in this Base Prospectus, the specific terms of any Notes will be included in the relevant final terms 
(the “Final Terms”) (a form of which is contained herein). This Base Prospectus should be read and construed together with 
any supplement hereto and with any other documents incorporated by reference herein, and, in relation to any Tranche of 
Notes and with the Final Terms of the relevant Tranche of Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared in connection with the offering and listing of the Notes pursuant to the requirements 
of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”), the Financial Instruments Market Law (in Latvian - Finanšu 
instrumentu tirgus likums) and the Commission Delegated Regulation No 2019/980/EU (the “Delegated Regulation”), in 
particular the Annexes 6 and 14 thereof. The Financial and Capital Market Commission (in Latvian - Finanšu un kapitāla tirgus 
komisija), as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation, has approved this Base Prospectus and has notified the 
approval of the Base Prospectus to the competent authority in Lithuania (the Bank of Lithuania (in Lithuanian - Lietuvos 
Bankas)). The Financial and Capital Market Commission only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of any Notes that are the subject of this 
Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval. The obligation to supplement the Base 
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when the Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Application will be made to Akciju sabiedrība “Nasdaq Riga”, registration number: 40003167049, legal address: Vaļņu 1, Riga, 
LV- 1050, Latvia (“Nasdaq Riga”) for admitting each Tranche to listing and trading on the official bond list (the Baltic Bond 
List) of Nasdaq Riga according to the requirements of Nasdaq Riga not later than within 3 (three) months after the Issue Date 
of the respective Tranche. Nasdaq Riga is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 
2014/65/EU, as amended (“MiFID II”). 
The Notes shall be issued in the bearer dematerialised form and registered with Nasdaq CSD SE, registration number: 
40003242879, legal address: Vaļņu 1, Riga, LV-1050, Latvia (the “Depository”) in book-entry form. Investors may hold the 
Notes through participants of the Depository, including credit institutions and investment brokerage firms. 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act 1933 (as amended) (the “Securities Act”), 
or with any securities regulatory authority of any state of the United States. This Base Prospectus or the Final Terms are not 
to be distributed to the United States or in any other jurisdiction where it would be unlawful. The Notes may not be offered, 
sold, pledged or otherwise transferred, directly or indirectly, within the United States or to, for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (the “Regulation S”)), except to a person who is not a U.S. 
Person (as defined in Regulation S) in an offshore transaction pursuant to Regulation S. 
Investment in the Notes to be issued under the Programme involves certain risks. Prospective investors should carefully 
acquaint themselves with such risks before making a decision to invest in the Notes. The principal risk factors that may affect 
the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed in Section “Risk Factors” below. 
Arrangers and Dealers 
Luminor Bank AS 
 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 20 April 2022

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT ............................................................................................................ 3 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ................................................................................................................. 4 
DISTRIBUTION OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS ............................... 6 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION ........................................................... 8 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ................................................................................................. 13 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME.................................................................................................... 14 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................... 16 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES .................................................................... 35 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ..................................................................................................................... 48 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................ 51 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP .................................................................................................. 52 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP’S BUSINESS OPERATIONS ................................................... 57 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE ....................................................................................................... 65 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES .................................................. 66 
SHAREHOLDERS ................................................................................................................................ 70 
SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION ................................................................ 71 
FINANCIAL AND TREND INFORMATION ............................................................................................ 72 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................... 74 
THE ECONOMY OF THE REPUBLIC OF LATVIA ............................................................................... 75 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 78 
GLOSSARY........................................................................................................................................... 80 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................................... 81 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .......................................................................... 83 
ANNEX I – FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ................................................................................................ 84

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT  
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation 
and for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Issuer, the Issuer and its subsidiaries taken as a 
whole (the “Group”) and the Notes which, according to the particular nature of the Issuer and the Notes, is 
necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position 
and profit and losses of the Issuer. 
The Issuer, represented by the members of its Management Board, accepts responsibility for the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus and in any Final Terms which complete this Base Prospectus for each 
Tranche of Notes issued hereunder and declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and that the Base Prospectus does not omit anything 
likely to affect the import of such information. 
Management Board of Latvenergo AS: 
 
___________________________ 
Chairman of the Management Board  
Mārtiņš Čakste 
 
 
___________________________ 
Member of the Management Board 
Guntars Baļčūns 
 
 
__________________________ 
Member of the Management Board 
Kaspars Cikmačs 
 
__________________________ 
Member of the Management Board 
Dmitrijs Juskovecs 
 
__________________________ 
Member of the Management Board 
Harijs Teteris 
 
 
This document is signed electronically with secure electronic signatures containing time stamps.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Arrangers and Dealers accept no responsibility whatsoever for the 
contents of this Base Prospectus. Each Arranger and Dealer accordingly disclaims all and any liability which it 
might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus. 
Neither the Arrangers and Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part 
of this Base Prospectus and none of them make any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility 
as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any responsibility 
for any acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person in connection with issue and offering of the Notes. 
No person is authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in this Base 
Prospectus and any information or representation not so contained must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Arrangers or the Dealers. Neither the delivery of this Base 
Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication 
that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this 
Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change 
in the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has 
been most recently amended or supplemented or that the information contained in it or any other information 
supplied in connection with the Notes is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied 
or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Neither this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
offering of the Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Arrangers or Dealers that any recipient of this 
Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any other information supplied in connection with the offering of the Notes 
should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own 
independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, 
of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the offering 
of the Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Arrangers or Dealers, 
to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Each potential investor in the Notes must make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the 
Notes. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained in this Base Prospectus; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's 
currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant financial 
markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for various types 
of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under 
any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
The Notes are governed by Latvian law and any disputes arising in relation to the Notes shall be settled 
exclusively by the courts of the Republic of Latvia in accordance with Latvian law.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
DISTRIBUTION OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms may in certain jurisdictions be restricted by law, 
and this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms may not be used for the purpose of, or in connection with, any 
offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any 
person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation. No actions have been taken to register or 
qualify the Notes, or otherwise to permit a public offering of the Notes, in any jurisdiction other that the Republic 
of Latvia and the Republic of Lithuania. The Issuer, the Arrangers and the Dealers expect persons into whose 
possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes to inform themselves of and observe all such 
restrictions. Neither the Issuer nor the Arrangers or Dealers accept any legal responsibility for any violation by 
any person, whether or not a prospective purchaser of the Notes is aware of such restrictions. In particular, 
this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms may not be sent to any person in the United States, Australia, 
Canada, Japan, Hong Kong, Singapore or any other jurisdiction in which it would not be permissible to deliver 
the Notes, and the Notes may not be offered, sold, resold, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, in or 
into any of these countries.  
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act 1933 (as amended) (the 
“Securities Act”), or with any securities regulatory authority of any state of the United States. This Base 
Prospectus or the Final Terms are not to be distributed to the United States or in any other jurisdiction where 
it would be unlawful. The Notes may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred, directly or indirectly, 
within the United States or to, for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act (the “Regulation S”)), except to a person who is not a U.S. Person (as defined in Regulation S) 
in an offshore transaction pursuant to Regulation S. 
The Financial and Capital Market Commission (in Latvian - Finanšu un kapitāla tirgus komisija), as competent 
authority under the Prospectus Regulation, has approved this Base Prospectus and has notified the approval 
of the Base Prospectus to the competent authority in Lithuania (the Bank of Lithuania (in Lithuanian - Lietuvos 
Bankas)). However, in relation to each member state of the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) (except the 
Republic of Latvia and the Republic of Lithuania), the Dealers have represented and agreed that they have 
not made and will not make any public offer of Notes prior to that EEA member state’s authority receiving a 
certificate of approval of the Financial and Capital Market Commission attesting that the Base Prospectus has 
been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation together with a copy of the Base Prospectus. 
Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer within the EEA of Notes which are the subject 
of an offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms (other than the offer of Notes 
in the Republic of Latvia and in the Republic of Lithuania) may only do so in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or the Dealers to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in 
relation to such offer. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET: The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include 
a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET: The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS: The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, any retail investor 
in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II, (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as 
amended or superseded), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS: The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
With the exception of certain alternative performance measures (“APMs”), the financial information as of and 
for the year ending 31 December 2021 and as of and for the year ending 31 December 2020, included in this 
Base Prospectus has been derived from the Group's consolidated and the Company's annual report, 
representing audited consolidated and standalone financial statements for the financial year ending 31 
December 2021 prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by 
the E.U. (“IFRS”) (the “2021 Financial Statements”), and the Group's consolidated and the Company's annual 
report, representing audited consolidated and standalone financial statements for the financial year ending 31 
December 2020 prepared in accordance with IFRS (the “2020 Financial Statements”, and together with the 
2021 Financial Statements, the “Audited Financial Statements”). 
ERNST & YOUNG BALTIC SIA audited the 2021 Financial Statements and issued an unqualified auditor’s 
report on the aforementioned financial statements. PricewaterhouseCoopers SIA audited the 2020 Financial 
Statements and issued an unqualified auditors’ report on the aforementioned financial statements. 
Changes in accounting policies and presentation of financial information 
Discontinued operation 
On 8 October 2019, the Cabinet of Ministers of the Republic of Latvia supported the implementation of the "full 
ownership unbundling" model for the electricity transmission system operator. On 10 June 2020, the Company 
terminated its ownership in subsidiary Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS and transmission system assets in the 
amount of EUR 694.3 million were separated from the Group, transferring all the shares of Latvijas elektriskie 
tīkli AS in the amount of EUR 222.7 million to the Ministry of Economics. 
In the Audited Financial Statements the subsidiary Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS was classified as a discontinued 
operation in accordance with IFRS 5, "Non–current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations". In the 
Statement of Financial Position the Group disclosed assets, reserves and liabilities held for distribution as of 
31 December 2019 and in the Statement of Profit or Loss – profit from discontinued operation for 2020 and for 
2019. In the Group's operating segments financial results of Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS are disclosed in 
transmission system assets lease segment because until the termination of its ownership on 10 June 2020 the 
Management Board of the Company continued to review financial results of this operating segment. 
Alternative performance measures 
This Base Prospectus includes certain references to APMs derived from the Group’s Financial Statements 
such as EBITDA, net debt, return on equity (ROE), adjusted ROE excluding distribution, adjusted funds from 
operations (FFO), adjusted FFO to net debt, net debt to equity and net debt to EBITDA. The Group uses these 
APMs to evaluate its performance, and this additional financial information is presented in this Base 
Prospectus. This information should be viewed as supplemental to the Audited Financial Statements. Investors 
are cautioned not to place undue reliance on this information and should note that the APMs, as calculated by 
the Group, may differ materially from similarly titled measures reported by other companies, including the 
Group’s competitors. 
The APMs presented in this section are not defined in accordance with IFRS. An APM should not be considered 
in isolation from, or as substitute for any analysis of, financial measures defined according to IFRS. Investors 
are advised to review these APMs in conjunction with the Audited Financial Statements contained in this Base 
Prospectus. 
The following tables present the selected APMs of the Group for the indicated periods or as of the indicated 
dates: 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
EBITDA * 
€ million 
498 
282 
244 
278 
199

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
Adjusted funds from operations 
(FFO) 
€ million 
365 
210 
272 
269 
220 
Net Debt * 
€ million 
497 
505 
564 
556 
698 
Adjusted FFO to net debt 
per-cent   
71 
42 
51 
48 
35 
Return on equity (ROE) 
per-cent   
12.2 
2.9 
4.1 
5.3 
3.4 
Adjusted 
ROE 
excluding 
distribution  
per-cent   
11.5 
2.6 
4.8 
7.7 
5.5 
Net debt to equity * 
per-cent   
17 
22 
25 
26 
33 
Net debt to EBITDA * 
 times 
1.0 
1.8 
2.2 
2.0 
3.2 
(*) Excluding discontinued operation (transmission system assets). On 10 June 2020, transmission system assets were separated from 
the Group 
EBITDA, adjusted FFO, net debt, adjusted FFO to net debt, return on equity (ROE), adjusted ROE excluding 
distribution, net debt to equity and net debt to EBITDA measures should not be used instead of, or considered 
as alternatives to, the Group’s consolidated historical financial results based on IFRS. The non-IFRS measures 
relate to the reporting periods and are not meant to be predictive of future results. Management of the Group 
uses EBITDA, adjusted FFO, net debt, adjusted FFO to net debt, return on equity (ROE), adjusted ROE 
excluding distribution, adjusted FFO to net debt, net debt to equity and net debt to EBITDA measures because 
the Company believes that these measures are commonly used by lenders, investors and analysts.  
These measures are presented for purposes of providing investors with a better understanding of the Group’s 
financial performance, cash flows or financial position as they are used by the Group when managing its 
business. 
EBITDA  
EBITDA should not be considered as alternative to profit before tax as defined by IFRS or to cash flows from 
operating activities (or any other performance measure determined in accordance with IFRS) or as indicator 
of operating performance or as measure of the Group’s liquidity. In particular, EBITDA should not be considered 
as measures of discretionary cash available to the Group to invest in the growth of the Group’s businesses.  
EBITDA has certain limitations as an analytical tool, and should not be considered in isolation, or as a substitute 
for financial information as reported under IFRS. Investors should not place undue reliance on this data. 
EBITDA in this Base Prospectus is presented, for each period, as: earnings before interest, corporate income 
tax, share of profit or loss of associates, depreciation and amortisation, and impairment of intangible and fixed 
assets, excluding discontinued operation (ownership unbundling of transmission system assets).  
No statement in this Base Prospectus is intended as a profit/EBITDA forecast and no statement in this Base 
Prospectus should be interpreted to mean that the earnings of the Group for the current or future years would 
necessarily match or exceed the historical published earnings of the Group. 
The table below presents reconciliation of EBITDA to the net profit:  
 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
Net profit 
€ million 
322 
76 
94 
116 
72 
Profit from discontinued operation 
€ million 
52 
10 
10 
10 
- 
Income tax* 
€ million 
65 
(9) 
(8) 
(6) 
(3) 
Finance costs, net* 
€ million 
(10) 
(7) 
(8) 
(9) 
(7) 
Depreciation, amortisation and 
impairment of intangible assets 
and property, plant and 
equipment* 
€ million 
(283) 
(200) 
(143) 
(157) 
(117) 
EBITDA* 
€ million 
498 
282 
244 
278 
199

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
(*) Excluding discontinued operation (transmission system assets). On 10 June 2020, transmission system assets were separated from 
the Group 
Adjusted funds from operations (FFO) 
Adjusted funds from operations (FFO) is net cash flows from operating activities before working capital 
adjustments, which is adjusted by deducting compensation from the state for the installed capacity of CHPPs. 
The following table illustrates the methodology the Group uses to determine its adjusted funds from operations 
(FFO): 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
Cash flows from operating 
activities 
€ million 
338.2 
302.9 
315.4 
291.2 
131.7 
Less (increase) / decrease in 
current assets 
€ million 
(42.6) 
102.5 
8.1 
4.4 
(173.9) 
Less increase / (decrease) in 
trade and other liabilities 
€ million 
(123.8) 
(90.3) 
11.8 
(6.7) 
62.1 
Less compensation from the state 
for the installed capacity of 
CHPPs 
€ million 
140.0 
81.0 
24.0 
24.0 
24.0 
Adjusted funds from 
operations (FFO) 
€ million 
364.6 
209.7 
271.6 
269.5 
219.5 
 
Net Debt (adjusted) 
Until 9 June 2020, net debt consists of borrowings at the end of the year, less the amount of Latvijas Elektriskie 
tīkli AS borrowings at the end of the year, less cash and cash equivalents, excluding Latvijas Elektriskie tīkli 
AS cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year. From 10 June 2020 to 20 July 2021, net debt consists of 
borrowings at the end of the year, less the amount of loans to Augstsprieguma tīkls AS at the end of the year, 
less cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year. As of 21 July 2021, net debt consists of borrowings at 
the end of the year, less cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year. It is used for the purpose of 
calculating the debt ratio by which the Group monitors its capital. 
The following table illustrates the methodology the Group uses to determine its net debt: 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
Borrowings 
€ million 
826.8 
814.3 
882.7 
743.2 
795.0 
Less Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS 
borrowings from the Company / 
loans to Augstsprieguma tīkls AS* 
€ million 
95.6 
179.7 
196.3 
86.6 
- 
Less Cash and cash equivalents 
€ million 
236.0 
129.5 
122.7 
100.7 
97.1 
Plus Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS 
Cash and cash equivalents 
€ million 
1.5 
0.3 
0.3 
- 
- 
Net Debt * 
€ million 
496.7 
505.4 
564.0 
555.9 
697.9 
(*) Excluding discontinued operation (transmission system assets). On 10 June 2020, transmission system assets were separated from 
the Group 
Adjusted FFO to net debt 
Adjusted FFO to net debt is the ratio of adjusted funds from operations (FFO) at the end of the year to the 
average value of net debt at the beginning and the end of the year. This indicator shows the Group's ability to 
repay loans using cash generated from its operating activities.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
Return on equity (ROE) 
Return on equity (ROE) is the ratio of net profit at the end of the year to the average value of total equity at the 
beginning and the end of the year. Return on equity (ROE) is a measure of profitability of the equity. It is a 
measure of efficiency of equity usage in profit generation of the Group.  
Adjusted ROE excluding distribution 
The level of profitability of the regulated services provided by the Group is determined by the Public Utilities 
Commission. The most significant share in the Group's regulated services is the distribution service. When 
evaluating the fulfilment of the ROE target for the year 2026, the Group's return indicator will be assessed, 
excluding the return on the regulated distribution service. Adjusted ROE excluding distribution is the ratio of 
(Group's profit minus Sadales tīkls AS profit) / average value of equity excluding Sadales tīkls AS equity 
((Group's equity at the beginning of the year minus Sadales tīkls AS equity at the beginning of the year plus 
Group's equity at the end of the year minus Sadales tīkls AS equity at the end of the year) / 2). 
Net Debt to Equity (adjusted) 
Net debt to equity is the ratio of net debt at the end of the year to equity at the end of the year and is used as 
a measure of both indebtedness and borrowing capacity. 
Net Debt to EBITDA (adjusted) 
Net debt to EBITDA is the ratio of the average value of net debt at the beginning and the end of the year divided 
by 12-months rolling EBITDA and is used as a measure of financial leverage and the Group’s ability to pay off 
its debt. Essentially, the net debt to EBITDA ratio gives an indication as to how long the Group’s would need 
to operate at its current level to pay off all its debt. 
Rounding 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals 
in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
Currencies  
In this Base Prospectus, financial information is presented in euro (EUR), the official currency of the European 
Union Member States in the Eurozone. 
Date of information  
This Base Prospectus is drawn up based on information which was valid as of the date of the Base Prospectus. 
Where not expressly indicated otherwise, all information presented in this Base Prospectus (including the 
consolidated financial information of the Group, the facts concerning its operations and any information on the 
markets in which it operates) must be understood to refer to the state of affairs as of the aforementioned date. 
Where information is presented as of a date other than the date of the Base Prospectus, this is identified by 
specifying the relevant date. 
Certain publicly available information 
Certain statistical data and other information appearing in this Base Prospectus have been extracted from 
public sources identified in this Base Prospectus. None of the Arrangers, the Dealers or the Issuer accepts 
responsibility for the factual correctness of any such statistics or information, but the Issuer accepts 
responsibility for accurately extracting and transcribing such statistics and information and believes, after due 
inquiry, that such statistics and information represent the most current publicly available statistics and 
information from such sources at the dates and for the periods with respect to which they have been presented. 
The Issuer confirms that all such third-party information has been accurately reproduced and, so far as the

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
Issuer is aware and has been able to ascertain from that published information, no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Websites 
Information contained in any website referred to herein does not form part of this Base Prospectus, other than 
the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework, which is available for viewing on the following website: www.latvenergo.lv 
and is incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus and forms a part of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus includes statements that are, or may be deemed to be, “forward-looking statements”. 
These forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the 
terms “believes”, “estimates”, “plans”, “projects”, “anticipates”, “expects”, “intends”, “may”, “will” or “should” or, 
in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategy, plans, 
objectives, goals, future events or intentions. These forward-looking statements include all matters that are not 
historical facts. They appear in a number of places throughout this Base Prospectus and include, but are not 
limited to, statements regarding the Group’s or the Issuer’s intentions, beliefs or current expectations 
concerning, among other things, the Group’s results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, prospects, 
growth, strategies and the industry in which the Group operates. 
By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to future events 
and circumstances. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and the financial 
position and results of operations of the Group, and the development of the markets and the industries in which 
members of the Group operate, may differ materially from those described in, or suggested by, the forward-
looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus. In addition, even if the Group’s results of operations 
and financial position, and the development of the markets and the industries in which the Group operates, 
are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus, those results or 
developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. A number of risks, 
uncertainties and other factors could cause results and developments to differ materially from those expressed 
or implied by the forward-looking statements. See Section “Risk Factors” below. 
These forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of this Base Prospectus. Except to the extent 
required by law, the Issuer is not obliged to, and does not intend to, update or revise any forward-looking 
statements made in this Base Prospectus whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to the Issuer, or persons acting on the 
Issuer's behalf, are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained throughout this 
Base Prospectus. As a result of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, a prospective purchaser of the 
Notes should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the General Terms and Conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. This overview must be read as an introduction in conjunction 
with the other parts of the Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated therein). Any decision to 
invest in the Notes should be based on a consideration by the investor of the Base Prospectus as a whole.  
Words and expressions defined in the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes below or elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this overview. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of the 
Delegated Regulation. 
Issuer: 
Latvenergo AS 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
213800DJRB539Q1EMW75 
Programme Limit: 
Up to EUR 200,000,000 aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding 
at any one time. 
Risk Factors: 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The 
principal risk factors that may affect the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes are discussed in Section “Risk Factors” below. 
Arrangers or the Programme: 
Luminor Bank AS  
Swedbank AB (publ) 
Dealers: 
Luminor Bank AS  
Swedbank AB (publ) 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes shall be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or 
more Tranches of Notes. The Notes of each Tranche will all be subject to 
identical terms, except that the Issue Dates and the Issue Prices thereof 
may be different in respect of different Tranches. 
Form of the Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in dematerialized form and book-entered with 
Nasdaq CSD SE. 
Status and Security: 
The Notes constitute direct, unsecured and unguaranteed obligations of 
the Issuer ranking pari passu without any preference among each other 
and with all other unsecured, unguaranteed and unsubordinated 
indebtedness of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred 
by mandatory provisions of law. 
Currency: 
EUR 
Denomination: 
The nominal amount of each Note shall be specified in the Final Terms. 
Issue Price: 
The Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or a 
premium to their nominal amount. 
Minimum Investment Amount: 
The Notes will be offered for subscription for a minimum investment 
amount EUR 100,000 (one hundred thousand euro). 
Interest: 
The Notes will bear interest at a fixed annual interest rate. 
Maturity: 
The Notes shall be repaid in full at their nominal amount on the date which 
will be specified in the Final Terms. Each Series of Notes may have a 
maturity up to 10 (ten) years.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
Early Redemption: 
The Issuer is entitled to redeem each Series of Notes, in whole but not in 
part, at any time during the period of 3 (three) month prior to their maturity 
at a price equal to the nominal amount of the Notes together with the 
accrued interest, as more fully set out in Clauses 9.3 and 9.4 of the 
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Redemption for tax reasons: 
 
The Issuer is entitled to redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, at a 
price equal to the nominal amount of the Notes together with the accrued 
interest for tax reasons as described in Clause 11 of the General Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes. 
Change of Control: 
Following the occurrence of a Change of Control the Noteholders will be 
entitled to request the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer’s option, procure 
the purchase of their Notes, as more fully set out in Clause 14 of the 
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Negative Pledge: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge as described in 
Clause 15 of the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes.  
Cross Default: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a cross default provision as described 
in Clause 16 of the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes.  
Listing: 
Application will be made to Nasdaq Riga for admitting each Tranche to 
listing and trading on the official bond list (the Baltic Bond List) according 
to the requirements of Nasdaq Riga not later than within 3 (three) months 
after the Issue Date of the respective Tranche. 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes by the Issuer shall be made without 
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
(“Taxes”), unless the withholding or deduction of the Taxes is required by 
the laws of the Republic of Latvia. In such case, the Issuer shall pay such 
additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders after such 
withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been received 
by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that 
no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note held 
by or on behalf of a Noteholder which is liable to such Taxes in respect of 
such Note by reason of its having some connection with the Republic of 
Latvia other than the mere holding of the Note. 
Rating: 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has a credit rating Baa2 
by Moody’s. The outlook is stable. A Series of Notes to be issued under 
the Programme may be rated or unrated. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy or sell or hold Notes and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. Up-to-date information should always be sought 
by direct reference to the relevant rating agency. 
Governing Law: 
Latvian law. 
Dispute Resolution: 
Any disputes relating to or arising in relation to the Notes shall be settled 
solely by the courts of the Republic of Latvia of competent jurisdiction. 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of 
Notes and on the distribution of the Base Prospectus in the United States 
of America, the EEA, UK, the Republic of Latvia, the Republic of Lithuania 
and other jurisdictions, see Section “Distribution of the Base Prospectus 
and Selling Restrictions”.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Prospective investors are advised to carefully consider the risk factors and other information provided in this 
Base Prospectus. Investing in the Notes involves certain risks including but not limited to the risks described 
herein.  
 
The Issuer believes that if one or more of the risk factors described herein emerges, it could have a negative 
effect on the Issuer’s business operations, financial position and/or business results and, thereby, the Issuer’s 
ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes. If these risks 
were to lead to a decline in the market price of the Notes, prospective investors could lose all or part of their 
investment.  
 
The risks and uncertainties described herein are the risks which the Issuer has deemed material; however, 
they are not the only factors affecting the Issuer’s activities. Therefore, the Issuer does not claim that the 
statements below regarding the risks of acquiring and/or holding any Notes are exhaustive. Also, other factors 
and uncertainties than those mentioned herein, which are currently unknown or deemed immaterial, could 
negatively affect the Issuer’s business operations, financial position and/or business results and, thereby, the 
Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes. 
 
Most of these risk factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and the Issuer is not in a position to 
assess or express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. 
 
The most material risk factors have been presented at the beginning in each category. The order of 
presentation of the remaining risk factors in each category in this Base Prospectus is not intended as an 
indication of the probability of their occurrence or of their potential effect on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes. 
 
All investors should make their own evaluations of the risks associated with an investment in the Notes and 
should consult with their own professional advisers if they consider it necessary. 
 
Risks related to geopolitical and macroeconomic conditions 
Exposure of business results to geopolitical events 
On 24 February 2022, Russia launched a military assault on Ukraine. This has led to significant volatility in the 
global credit markets and on the global economy. 
The Baltics are former members of the Soviet Union and members of NATO and the European Union. There 
is speculation that they may become targets of Russian military action. Latvia may be at particular risk given 
its large ethnic Russian minority (24.5% of the total population of Latvia as at the beginning of 2021, according 
to the government of Latvia’s 2021 Demography Report) and its borders with Russia and Belarus.  
In addition, the Russia's invasion of Ukraine could lead to disruption, instability and volatility in global markets 
and industries. The U.S. government and other governments across the rest of the world have imposed severe 
economic sanctions and export controls against Russia and Russian interests and Belarus, several of the 
Russia's largest banks have been removed from the SWIFT system, and additional sanctions may be imposed 
as the situation in Ukraine progresses. The impact of these measures, as well as potential responses to them 
by Russia, is unknown.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus the restrictive measures imposed have had no material impact on the 
Group’s performance - no operations have been suspended and no significant direct losses related to the 
restrictive measures have been incurred. The Group has not entered into any significant agreement with 
companies in Russia, Belarus, or Ukraine, which could have a material negative impact on the Group's 
operations. As new packages of sanctions are being imposed, that could possibly lead to the inclusion of the 
Group's existing partners or their shareholders in the sanctions list, there is still a risk, that implementation of 
some contracts is suspended.  
An additional impact on the Group's financial results could be caused by the general deterioration of the 
economic situation.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
There is also a risk, that due to the rapidly changing environment other aspects related to geopolitical events 
may arise that are not currently identified but may affect the Group's business results. 
The Group's estimate for the exposure of business results to geopolitical events is high. 
Exposure of business results to macroeconomic developments  
The results of the Group's operations are dependent on Latvia's macroeconomic situation. In particular, the 
Group's operations are affected by such factors as the level of Latvia's GDP, the level of industrial production, 
the rate of inflation, fuel and gas prices, the unemployment rate, changes in consumer affluence levels, and 
the fiscal policy of the Republic of Latvia. The Baltic region is a small open economy that is closely linked to 
the global economy and especially to the macroeconomic conditions in the Eurozone countries and global 
developments.  
Russia's invasion of Ukraine and the Western response will certainly affect the Latvian economy. Russia is a 
major exporter of oil and natural gas, affecting global energy prices. For several months now, there has been 
a significant rise in the heating bills and fuel prices, which are to blame for soaring global energy prices. 
Russia's invasion of Ukraine is only exacerbating this situation. In addition, a significant fall in the fuel and gas 
prices is not expected in the near future. European countries, being aware of the risks posed by their 
dependence on Russian resources, will be forced to look for alternatives, which are generally more expensive. 
Energy resources are an important component in the production of many goods and services, so a sharp rise 
in other prices is expected as well. The government has an important role to play here, not only in ensuring a 
successful transition to alternative energy sources, but also in providing financial support to the most 
vulnerable households. It is quite difficult to estimate exactly what the economic impact of rising prices will be, 
as it depends on many assumptions, but it is clear that it will not be small. 
The Group’s expansion into neighbouring energy markets creates growing exposure of its business and 
financial results to regional and international macroeconomic developments. The Group’s business is 
influenced by electricity price trends in local and Nordic markets, commodities prices (including, but not limited 
to, natural gas and oil), consumer behaviour and electricity demand in the Baltic countries, and other indices 
that may reflect local and global macroeconomic trends and have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business and financial position. 
The Group has a strong balance sheet and operates in a relatively non-cyclical or late-cyclical industry. 
However, an unexpected downturn in the economy could have an impact on the Group’s customers and 
negatively affect its growth and results of operations through reduced electricity consumption. Also, 
households’ capability to fulfil their obligations towards the Group may deteriorate, which could lead to an 
increase in the Group’s overdue portfolio, creating adverse effect on the Group’s business and financial 
position.  
Coronavirus Covid-19 (COVID-19) has affected investment sentiment on a global scale, causing a significant 
volatility in the global capital markets. In addition, the outbreak has resulted in restrictions on international 
travel and public transport, delays in transportation of goods, and prolonged closures of workplaces which may 
continue to have a material adverse effect on the global economy and Latvia.  
In 2021, the mass primary vaccination with the following booster shot against COVID-19 was organized for the 
population in Latvia. From 11 October 2021 to 28 February 2022, an emergency situation was declared in 
Latvia to limit the spread of COVID-19. During this time period Latvia has taken a number of temporary 
preventative measures to contain the outbreak and slow the spread of COVID-19, including implementing 
restrictions on international travel, restrictions on gatherings of groups of people and the closure of universities, 
schools and other public institutions. To overcome these difficulties, the government offered a number of 
support solutions to entrepreneurs and workers.  
The Group constantly assesses the impact of the spread of COVID-19 and implements measures for the safety 
of customers and employees, as well as ensures an appropriate operating regime at the strategically important 
facilities of the Daugava hydropower plants (the “HPPs”), combined heat and power plants (the “CHPPs”) and 
Sadales tīkls AS. In 2021, the spread of the virus did not have a significant impact on the provision of services

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
provided by the Group. The Group continues to ensure the generation of electricity and heat, the continuity 
and availability of electricity and natural gas trading and distribution services to all customers. 
Any negative effect on the economy may decrease incomes of the Group’s customers and the demand for the 
Group’s products. Such effects may also result in insolvency of the Group’s business partners, which could 
affect the operations of the Group, as well as its financial standing.  
The Group's estimate for the exposure of business results to macroeconomic developments is medium. 
Risks related to strategy 
Capital investment projects risk 
The Group has a capital investment programme, aimed at upgrading the Group’s generating facilities, as well 
as its distribution system assets.  
The Group has commenced an upgrading of the HPPs. The project includes reconstruction of 23 hydro units 
in 3 HPPs.  
The main areas of investment in the distribution segment are restoration of power lines, reconstruction of 
transformer substations, installation of remote-controlled circuit breakers and fault location detectors. The 
Group commenced the “smart electricity meters” project in 2014, which is scheduled for completion in 2022, 
and will improve customer awareness of electricity consumption and promote electricity consumption efficiency 
and cost reduction for the distribution system operator, customers and electricity traders. 
There is a risk, that cost overruns and project delays or similar aspects related to the execution of current or 
future capital investment projects could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business and financial 
position.  
Besides the above-mentioned projects, the Group may implement other capital-intensive investment and 
maintenance projects that could increase its exposure to operational and/or financial risk levels or negatively 
impact its value or reputation, thus creating an adverse effect on its business and financial position.  
The Group's estimate for the capital investment project risk profile is medium. 
Strategic decision risk 
Strategic decisions risk is a possible source of loss that might arise from the pursuit of faulty strategic decisions 
when entering into the new markets or new businesses.  
Simultaneously with the opening of the electricity markets in neighbouring countries Estonia and Lithuania, the 
Group commenced its operations in these markets. There are risks and opportunities inherent to the further 
developments of these markets, such as an expected increase in the number of clients switching between 
electricity suppliers and possible changes in the legal environment, which could influence the Group’s 
operations. The market share in the Baltic countries indicates the Group’s current standing, but there is a risk 
that the market share could decrease or that the Group could be unable to attain its anticipated market share 
growth, thus causing adverse effects on its business and financial position. Furthermore, there is also a risk of 
exiting any of the current markets subject to various reasons, including economic and strategic, as well as 
suffering losses upon entering new markets. This could affect the Group’s operations and financial position.  
With increased competition in energy trading, the Group is ready to invest in new businesses and develop new 
products or services that complement traditional ones, promoting synergies with the existing businesses and 
customer base. After careful evaluation of the electricity market and entry barriers, the Group is ready to start 
power trading also in Poland, offering products already existing in the home market. In addition, the Group 
plans to grow significantly and diversify generation portfolio with wind and solar capacities. There is a plan in 
a pipeline to launch solar and wind generation capacities in the Baltics. Besides, there is an upcoming line of 
new products related to microgeneration, electrification and energy efficiency to be introduced in the home 
market – in the Baltics. As part of electromobility activities, the Group is successfully expanding electric car

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
charging points in the Baltics. The Group may also face risks related to failure to introduce new technology 
and new products, given the rapid evolution of the energy sector.  
The Group’s strategic risk is mitigated through business plans and analyses, as well as engaging experienced 
professionals from the energy sector. Furthermore, entries into new markets and businesses are preceded by 
an analysis and engaging experts in the particular field. However, despite the measures taken by the Group, 
the materialisation of strategic decision risk could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s operations, 
financial condition and results of operations.  
The Group's estimate for the strategic decisions risk profile is medium. 
Corporate governance risk 
The sole shareholder of the Company is the Republic of Latvia and the rights and duties of the shareholder 
are awarded to the Ministry of Economics of the Republic of Latvia. Certain and substantial shareholder’s 
decisions altering the Group's strategy or decisions in respect of dividend policy, capital structure and other 
relevant issues could have a material adverse effect on the Group. 
The Law on the Management of Public Persons’ Capital Shares and Capital Companies (in Latvian - Publiskas 
personas kapitāla daļu un kapitālsabiedrību pārvaldības likums) stipulates formation of the Supervisory Board 
as a supervisory body in large state-owned companies. The Company and the Company’s subsidiary Sadales 
tīkls AS qualify in this category. The Supervisory Board of the Company approves the Group’s strategy, major 
investment decisions, development plans, and key policies and elects and recalls members of the 
Management Board. The Supervisory Board of the Company is elected by the Shareholders Meeting of the 
Company. The current Supervisory Board is composed of five independent members. Changes in the 
composition of the Supervisory Board may influence the Company’s currently selected strategic direction, 
development plans, goals and policies, lower risk aversion, thus adversely affecting the Group. 
The management of the Group is ensured by the Company’s Management Board, whose main duties include 
defining the Group’s strategic development plans, goals and policies. The current Management Board of the 
Company consists of five Members of the Management Board, of which Chairman of the Management Board 
of the Company and two Members of the Management Board of the Company responsible for generation and 
commercial activities took their office on 3 January 2022. Changes in the composition of the Company’s 
Management Board could negatively influence the Company’s strategic direction, development plans, goals 
and policies, thus adversely affecting the Group.   
The Group's estimate for the corporate governance risk profile is low. 
Operational Risks 
Daugava hydropower plant geotechnical failure risk 
Most of the electricity produced by the Company comes from the three largest HPPs in the country - Plavinas 
HPP, Riga HPP and Kegums HPP. Operating hydro facilities includes operational risks that can lead to physical 
damage, technical disruptions, third-party liabilities, environmental issues and other damage or loss events. 
To manage such risks, the Company continuously monitors the condition of the dams and performs regular 
inspections and measurements to ensure their safety. There is a systematic long-term investment programme 
(“Safety improvement action plan”) to ensure that the dams are maintained in an appropriate condition and to 
transfer risks to the insurance market, where such insurance is commercially available. In certain 
circumstances adequate insurance coverage may not be available, as a result of either a lack of relevant 
insurance or excessive costs. In addition, insurance proceeds received may be inadequate to fully cover 
replacement costs for damaged assets, sequential financial losses due to business interruption, liabilities to 
third parties, and similar costs and expenses associated with such asset damages. Despite the measures 
taken, no assurance can be given that a HPP geotechnical failure will not occur in the future. Should such risk 
materialise, it could result in a compensation of damages and additional operating costs for the Group, thus 
adversely affecting the Group’s financial position and the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
The Group's estimate for the Daugava hydropower plant geotechnical failure risk profile is high. 
Combined heat and power plant damage risk 
Most of the Company's thermal energy generation volume is generated by two CHPPs. In the case of a fire or 
explosion in a CHPP, there is a risk of losing either the entire CHPP or a single power unit. To minimize such 
risks, the Company continuously monitors the condition of the CHPPs, performs regular inspections and 
measurements to ensure their safety and transfers risks to the insurance market, where such insurance is 
commercially available. In certain circumstances adequate insurance coverage may not be available, as a 
result of either a lack of relevant insurance or excessive costs. In addition, insurance proceeds received may 
be inadequate to fully cover replacement costs for damaged assets, sequential financial losses due to business 
interruption, liabilities to third parties, and similar costs and expenses associated with such asset damages. 
Should such risk materialise, it could result in a compensation of damages and additional operating costs for 
the Group, thus adversely affecting the Group’s financial position and the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations 
under the Notes. 
The Group's estimate for the CHPP damage risk profile is high. 
Risk of resource supply disruption  
The Group’s operations depend on consistent and commercially adequate resource supplies of natural gas 
required for the operation of the CHPPs and supply of electricity.  
Russia's invasion of Ukraine has led to EU sanctions on Russian-affiliated companies. As a result, any decision 
by the Russian authorities to lower energy supplies to gain political leverage or in response to EU sanctions 
would have major implications for EU energy supplies. Damage to physical infrastructure is another risk 
because most of the EU's gas supplies from Russia transit through pipelines running via Ukraine. Disruption 
to natural gas in particular would significantly but temporarily weaken the EU economy because it is a critical 
fuel in Europe's electricity generation and a key heating fuel for households. 
The power system of the Baltic States is currently technically part of the Integrated Power System/Unified 
Power System (IPS/UPS) of Russia. The frequency, which is the most important parameter of a power system, 
is currently controlled by Russia. Taking into account the planned desynchronization of the Baltic power system 
by the end of 2025, Russia has finalised reinforcement of the Russian internal transmission network (incl. the 
Kaliningrad region), considering the scenario of the desynchronization of the Baltic power system from the 
IPS/UPS system. As the Baltic States are still part of the IPS/UPS system, there is a risk, that Russia may 
desynchronize the Baltic States power system from the IPS/UPS system before the planned time. If such 
scenario materialises then it could lead to additional gas consumption and costs related to the need of different 
operation regime by the CHPPs. 
The government of Lithuania has decided to stop importing Russia's gas from April 2022 and government of 
Estonia by the end of 2022. Lithuania will continue receiving gas through the floating liquefied natural gas 
(LNG) terminal at the port of Klaipeda. Government of Estonia has announced, that it is planning to establish 
a facility for the storage of LNG in Paldiski with a possible operation starting date in autumn 2022. The possible 
construction of LNG terminal in the territory of Latvia is also being discussed. Latvia used to be wholly 
dependent on Russia for its imports of gas. Nevertheless, Latvia have made significant efforts to bolster their 
energy security in the last decade. As a result, Latvia has the highest levels of gas storage in the EU (over six 
months of consumption) and increase resilience in the event of disruption to Russian energy deliveries by 
diversify its potential sources of supply from LNG terminal at the port of Klaipeda and planned LNG terminal 
at the port of Paldiski. The Baltics have also established fixed power links to Finland, Sweden, Poland and 
natural gas pipeline connections to Poland (expected to start operations in 2022) and Finland. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group has purchased approximately 2 terawatt hours (TWh) of gas 
for the production supply of thermal power plants. The concluded agreements envisage the supply of LNG 
(from Norway, the United States and Qatar) from the Klaipeda terminal and the injection of gas into the 
Inčukalns underground gas storage facility in April and May 2022. The purchased natural gas has restrictions 
on its use set by the Government of Latvia, which must be maintained as national strategic reserves until the

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
end of the injection season of Inčukalns underground gas storage facility (usually mid-October). On 31 March 
2022, the Ministry of Economics submitted to Saeima (the Parliament) for the second reading the amendments 
to the Energy Law that foresee the extension of restrictions to use approximately 2 terawatt hours (TWh) of 
national strategic reserves owned by the Group until 1 October.2023.   
The risk that required supplies might not be available, or might only be available on commercially unfavourable 
terms, would affect the CHPPs operation regime and the Group’s profitability, which could adversely affect the 
Group’s business and financial position. 
The Group's estimate for the resources supply risk profile is high. 
Electricity distribution infrastructure damage risk 
Major risks related to distribution infrastructure failures include mass failures in the distribution infrastructure 
caused by atmospheric surges, branches or trees falling on power lines or power equipment, strong winds, 
ice, and rapid changes in air temperature. Based on the experience of the last 20 years, the largest mass 
failures in the distribution infrastructure occurred in 2005 and 2010/2011. To minimize the risk, there is a long-
term investment programme for electricity distribution infrastructure renovation and reconstruction. In addition, 
the Group also transfers risks to the insurance market, where such insurance is commercially available. In 
certain circumstances, adequate insurance coverage may not be available, as a result of either a lack of 
relevant insurance or excessive costs. In addition, insurance proceeds received may be inadequate to fully 
cover replacement costs for damaged assets, sequential financial losses due to business interruption, liabilities 
to third parties, and similar costs and expenses associated with such asset damages. Should such risk 
materialise, it could result in a compensation of damages and additional operating costs for the Group, thus 
adversely affecting the Group’s financial position and the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
The Group's estimate for the electricity distribution infrastructure damage risk profile is medium.  
Energy market price fluctuation risk 
The Company operates a vertically integrated power portfolio. At the first instance the generation assets are 
used to cover the open retail fixed price commitments. Where the market price risk is covered by the production 
of the CHPPs, the natural gas procurement costs and carbon emission costs are hedged forward. About 80 
per-cent of the Group’s electricity generation portfolio is used for covering the retail segment fixed price 
commitments. Group's generation portfolio does not fully cover the needs of the electricity supply portfolio due 
to deviations in production and retail consumption profiles, thus throughout the year approximately 20% of the 
Group’s annual electricity supply to the retail sector is subject to market price risk. The Group monitors power 
portfolio's risk metrics and uses financial derivative contracts to partially mitigate electricity market price risk 
for the remaining part of its supply portfolio without generation asset coverage and for fixing of natural gas 
procurement costs.  
In Europe, an unprecedented rise in energy prices was observed in 2021. Electricity spot prices in the Baltics 
were two and a half times higher than in 2020. Such a rise in prices is related to various factors: multiple 
increases in gas prices and CO2 emission allowances, 5 per-cent higher demand for electricity, and lower 
generation of wind power plants in Europe. In 2021, the Group's revenue increased by 38 per-cent as result 
of higher energy sales revenue due to higher electricity market prices and 5 per-cent increase in retail sales 
volume. Yet, the Group's profit was negatively impacted mainly by significantly higher electricity purchase 
prices that at the same time coincided with the seasonally reduced electricity generation at the Company's 
power plants. Customers' final prices are gradually adjusting to the current level of costs. 
Hedging is an efficient way to protect the Group against unfavourable changes in energy market prices. Nord 
Pool Latvian bidding area price derivatives are primarily used to hedge price risk. However, currently the 
available volume of hedging instruments in the Baltic countries' markets is limited due to low liquidity in the 
electricity derivatives’ market, and for that reason hedging costs might be high. Therefore, the Group 
supplements its hedging strategy with a proxy hedging where Nordic system futures contracts and Finnish 
area price contracts might be used for hedging the market price risk. In recent years Nordic-Baltic market 
interconnectivity has increased with the opening and stabilisation of operations of new transmission capacities

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
between Lithuania and Sweden. The Nordic and Baltic markets are demonstrating greater price convergence, 
thus a proxy hedge effectively closes the market price risk for the Group’s retail portfolio. Since usually the 
pricing of natural gas physical deliveries are based on Dutch TTF Month ahead indices, Dutch TTF swap 
contracts are used for fixing the price for major part of the planned natural gas procurement.  
Currently about 70 per-cent of business customers portfolio of 3,4 TWh and about 80-85 per-cent of mass 
segment customers portfolio of 2,7 TWh that includes households and small business customers in terms of 
volume are with fixed price contracts. Contracts for most part of mass segment customers is open-ended with 
clause in the contract that allows to change the price not more often than twice a year notifying customer 30 
days before. The Company uses generation assets and derivative financial instruments to hedge the market 
price risk for sales with fixed price contracts. Usually, the Group has hedged the market price risk for about 80 
per-cent of its electricity sales portfolio. 
 
Notwithstanding this, there is a risk that hedging will not provide the required efficiency. This could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s financial position.  
The Group's estimate for the energy market price fluctuation risk profile is medium. 
Seasonality and climate changes 
The Group’s core business operations, particularly electricity generation at the HPPs and the CHPPs, are 
influenced by weather conditions. The HPPs’ ability to generate electricity is dependent on the water inflow in 
the Daugava River; thus, total electricity generation volumes fluctuate annually. Effective operation of the 
CHPPs is largely dependent on thermal energy consumption, which is affected by weather conditions, i.e. 
external air temperature and duration of the heating season. 
Due to this, the Group’s overall financial position may be influenced by seasonality, weather fluctuations, and 
long-term shifts in climate affecting electricity generated at the HPPs and/or the number of working hours of 
the CHPPs operating in an effective cogeneration mode. A decrease in the annual water inflow volume in the 
Daugava River below long-term average flow level and/or untypically mild weather conditions during autumn 
and winter months could result in a reduced volume of annual electricity generation at the Group’s power 
plants, exposing the Group to electricity procurement price risk and lower profitability margins. Long-term shifts 
in climate conditions could result in more permanent changes to the generation patterns and thus create an 
adverse effect on the Group’s business and financial position.  
The Group's estimate for the seasonality and climate risk profile is medium. 
COVID-19 pandemic and possible similar future outbreaks  
Different regions in the world have from time to time experienced outbreaks of various viruses. At this time, a 
wide-spread global pandemic of COVID-19, is taking place.  
In 2021, certain sectors of the economy of Latvia were significantly affected, including, but not limited to, 
tourism, and the accommodation and transport sector, especially, airport traffic. 
While COVID-19 is still spreading and the final implications of the pandemic are difficult to estimate at this 
stage, it is clear that it affects the lives of a large portion of the global population and causes significant effects. 
In 2021, the Group’s services were not significantly impacted by the spread of the virus. The Group continued 
to ensure generation of electricity and thermal energy, as well as uninterrupted and accessible trade and 
distribution of electricity and natural gas to all its customers.  
The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and any possible future outbreaks of viruses may have a significant adverse 
effect on the Group. Firstly, a spread of such virus amongst the employees of the Group and any quarantines 
affecting the employees of the Group or the Group’s facilities, may reduce the ability of the Group’s personnel 
to carry out their work and thereby affect the Group’s operations. Secondly, any quarantines or spread of 
viruses may affect the ability of the customers of the Group to carry out their operations, which may adversely 
affect the volume of energy consumption and credit risk exposure, thus create adverse effect on the Group’s 
business and financial position.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
The Group's estimate for the COVID-19 pandemic and possible similar virus risk profile is medium. 
Information systems, communication network infrastructure and cyber-attack risks 
An important element of the Group's operations is the Latvenergo Corporate Network (data and voice 
transmission services) consisting of backbone cables, access cables, radio towers and radio masts, 
communication rooms, a data transmission channel, and other network related equipment. The main factors 
that could critically affect the Latvenergo Corporate Network are physical damage (optical fibre and copper 
cable damage), technological failures (network equipment damage, software errors), power failure 
(interruptions, overvoltage effects), fire, floods, human error, third party malicious actions, cyber-attacks and a 
distributed denial of service attack on the Company’s Internet resources. 
The Group has developed, procured and uses a variety of off-the-shelf and custom-made information systems 
(IS) and web-based solutions in carrying out its everyday business operations and providing services to its 
customers. The main factors that could lead to total or partial loss of IS data are physical infrastructure damage 
(server, backup, disk array), technological failures, software failures, power failure (power outages, power 
surges), fire, floods, natural disasters, human error, third party failures to perform their duties (supplying faulty 
software or hardware, failing to provide support or maintenance service), distributed denial of service attack, 
cyber-attacks, viruses, ransomware, and other forms of malware. 
The Group has made significant investments in developing well-functioning and secure IS and is constantly 
working on improving such systems and developing adequate contingency procedures: 
• 
IS infrastructure is located in several data centres; 
• 
various IS virtualization technologies are used; 
• 
backup of IS according to data backup and a maintenance plan of every IS; 
• 
regular continuity tests of IS. 
The Group applies the contingency procedures mentioned above and this reduces the probability of the risk; 
however, the continuity tests are not able to assess all possible scenarios, and there is a possibility of system 
unavailability or breakdown. Breakdowns and interruptions in the IS could jeopardize the Group’s operations, 
causing errors in the execution of transactions, loss of customers, production breakdowns and other business 
interruptions. 
The organizational complexity of the Group exposes the Group’s assets to the risk of cyber-attack or threats 
of intentional disruption. The Group manages cyber security activities, which provide for the involvement of the 
relevant business areas, compliance with legal requirements and recommendations and monitoring critical 
controls, yet the Group could be subject to cyber-attack and other security threats to its IS. In such 
circumstances, the Group could be unable to continue conducting its business in an effective manner, or to 
prevent, respond promptly and adequately to or mitigate the adverse effects of breakdowns or interruptions in 
its IS infrastructure, with possible adverse effects on its reputation, financial condition, assets, business, and 
results of operations.  
The Group's estimate for the IS, communication network infrastructure and cyber-attack risk profile is medium. 
Environmental, health and safety risks 
The Group’s core business activities, such as electricity generation and distribution include operations with 
certain assets, mixtures, substances and processes that inherently have increased levels of riskiness, thus 
exposing the Group’s personnel, third parties and the environment to potential damages or harm due to 
operational accidents or other sudden and unforeseen occurrences. Certain technological processes, 
including, but not limited to, the operation of the CHPPs and the HPPs, the operation of distribution system 
assets and other processes, involve materials, mixtures or substances that are potentially dangerous in 
uncontrolled chemical processes, such as fires, explosions, emissions, major accidents or failures of

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
equipment or structures. The consequences of an uncontrolled release of dangerous substances or other 
environmental risks, such as subsequent loss mitigation activities and clean-up costs, fines, penalties and 
similar costs imposed in accordance with relevant legislation, third party claims and other legal actions could 
adversely affect the Group’s business and financial position. 
The Group has made substantial investments into technologies and processes and takes risk mitigation 
measures, aimed at minimising any negative impact on the environment. Furthermore, the introduction of new 
legislative initiatives aimed at minimising environmental impact could impose additional costs on the Group. 
The Group’s personnel, as well as the personnel of the Group’s subcontractors are exposed to increased 
health and safety risks by operating certain assets of the Group. Notwithstanding that the Group has 
implemented a wide array of activities and procedures aimed at mitigation of occupational health and safety 
risks, third party claims or claims by the Group’s personnel in relation to personal damage or harm caused at 
the workplace could incur substantial costs to the Group, as well as negative publicity, leading to a material 
adverse effect on the Group. 
The Group's estimate for the environmental, health and safety risk profile is medium. 
Counterparty risk 
Counterparty risk is inherent to all business activities the Group is engaged in. A counterparty's financial 
distress or suspension of its operation by any governmental and/or other institutional body due to, among other 
things, enforced economic sanction laws, regulations or embargoes could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group's business and/or financial position. Counterparty risk could result in material financial losses to the 
Group, including, but not limited to, revenues not being received from customers, the Group’s own funds not 
being accessible in its current accounts, committed funding not being available, committed capital expenditure 
projects being suspended or delayed, etc. Suspension of or material delay in any counterparty's committed 
capital expenditure project that is significant in nominal amount could harm not only the Group's financial 
position but also its business operations, thus further affecting the quality of services provided by the Group 
itself or harming the Group’s reputation.  
The Group assesses its counterparties to mitigate risk. There are internal procedures in place for identifying 
and assessing counterparties. As to financial counterparties, the Group’s policy is, among other things, to 
evaluate and group financial counterparties by the credit rating assigned to them by an independent credit 
rating agency. There are limits set for each group of financial institutions with respect to the transaction amount 
and expected maturity to be undertaken by the Group.  
Although, the Group monitors and manages its counterparty risk, an occurrence of the risk could have an 
adverse impact on the Group’s business and financial position.  
The Group's estimate for the counterparty risk profile is medium. 
Legal and Regulatory Risks 
The cancellation of mandatory procurement and capacity payment support scheme 
Legislative acts of the Republic of Latvia currently entitle the Company’s subsidiary Enerģijas publiskais 
tirgotājs SIA to act as an agent in the mandatory procurement administration process. 
With the political objective of reducing the amount of the mandatory procurement component in customer bills 
in Latvia, there is a risk that the cost of mandatory procurement could be reduced at the expense of the Group 
by stopping the CHPPs capacity support, which has already been reduced by 75 per-cent. On 17 September 
2020, at the first reading the Saeima supported the amendments to the Electricity Market Law (in Latvian –  
Elektroenerģijas tirgus likums). The draft law provides reduction of support for electrical capacity installed and 
electricity generated under mandatory procurement scheme. Also, it provides termination of the order that 
mandatory procurement costs are borne by the final consumers, but still envisages the current role of the public 
trader in mandatory procurement scheme and that mandatory procurement administration costs are

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
compensated to the public trader by the State budget. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Economic, 
Agricultural, Environmental and Regional Policy Committee of Saeima continues to review the submitted 
proposals to second reading of the amendments to the Electricity Market Law. For the time being it is difficult 
to foresee whether or when the amendments to the Electricity Market Law could be adopted and come into 
force. 
The amendments to the Electricity Market Law may have impacts on the Group's profits and asset value. The 
interruption of the payment of capacity support to the CHPPs and a stipulated obligation to repay the State 
compensation (for more details on the compensation, please see Note 14 d (I) in the Group's Annual Report 
2021) of 75 per-cent of the CHPP capacity support could potentially lead to a material adverse effect on the 
financial position of the Group and consequently reduce the dividend potential of the Group. 
The amendments in the regulation of the mandatory procurement resulting in changes of the mandatory 
procurement administration process or in incurred mandatory procurement costs not being recoverable to their 
full amount could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial position.  
The Group's estimate for the mandatory procurement risk is high. 
Sanction risk 
The Group should comply with the Law on National Sanctions of the Republic of Latvia, as well as international 
sanctions (UN, EU, US). Russia's invasion of Ukraine has led to unprecedent EU and US government 
sanctions against Russian and Belarusian companies and individuals. As EU and US continue to impose new 
sanctions in response to Russia's military attack on Ukraine, it could possibly lead to the inclusion of the 
Group's existing partners or their shareholders in the sanctions list and subsequently some economic loss due 
to suspended contracts or projects. There is also a risk that something may go unnoticed due to the rapidly 
changing environment, as well as there is a risk that introduced additional checks performed by the banks may 
prolong the execution time of payments and jeopardize the concluded contractual obligations. 
Failure to comply with Latvian national sanctions or sanctions of international organizations (UN, EU, US) 
could have serious legal and reputational consequences for the Group, including exposure to fines as well as 
criminal and civil penalties. To mitigate this risk the Group has developed internal control system – a package 
of measures including activities to be taken to ensure compliance with sanctions requirements. 
The Group's estimate for the sanction risk is high. 
Changes in legislation 
The Group is dependent on the legislative environment in the markets where it operates, and on political and 
social decisions in these markets, as well as in the European Union (EU). One of such initiatives is the 
European Green Deal, aimed at transforming the EU into a fair and prosperous society, with a modern, 
resource-efficient and competitive economy where there are no net emissions of greenhouse gases in 2050 
and where economic growth is decoupled from resource use. This exposes the Group to additional costs and 
commitments that might negatively impact the Group's financial situation.  
On 31 March 2022, the Ministry of Economics submitted to Saeima (the Parliament) for the second reading 
the amendments to the Energy Law which provide that, in case the incumbent supplier fails proposed obligation 
to fulfil the necessary winter gas consumption in underground gas storage, then the Group as second largest 
gas supplier in Latvia will be obliged to provide natural gas supplies to domestic household users at tariffs set 
by the Public Utilities Commission. The risk that required additional gas supplies to domestic household users 
might not be available in the market at short notice creates a risk of non-compliance with the regulatory 
enactments. 
The Group's estimate for pertaining to changes in legislation risk is high.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
Regulated market risk 
The Group’s revenues from regulated market activities are highly dependent on tariffs approved by the Public 
Utilities Commission and/or regulated by legislative acts of the Republic of Latvia. Electricity distribution system 
service and heat tariffs are reviewed or approved by the Public Utilities Commission based on their approved 
calculation methodology.  
In 2021, approximately 50 per-cent of EBITDA of the Group was generated from regulated activities 
(distribution, payment for the installed electrical capacity and generation of thermal energy at the Company’s 
CHPPs, generation of electricity and thermal energy at the Liepaja generation facilities and Aiviekste HPP). 
There is a risk that not all costs will be covered by such regulated tariffs due to an unduly low regulatory asset 
base or because the rate of return on capital included in the calculation of the price of the electricity distribution 
system service tariffs will not correspond to the market rate. Also, there is a risk of material adverse effect on 
the Group due to delayed regulatory decisions by state authorities in the markets where the Group operates 
or due to changes in the local or EU legislative environment governing relevant regulatory matters.  
The Group's estimate for the regulated market risk profile is medium. 
Regulatory actions and investigations risk 
Several authorities (such as the Public Utilities Commission, the State Audit Office, the Competition Council, 
and the State Revenue Service) regularly perform investigations, examinations, inspections or audits of the 
Group’s business, including, but not limited to, anti-money laundering (AML), payments, reporting, corporate 
governance, etc. Any determination by the authorities that the Company or any Group entities have not acted 
in compliance with all the applicable laws and regulations could have serious legal, reputational and financial 
consequences for the Group, including exposure to fines, criminal and civil penalties and other damages, 
increased prudential requirements or even business disruption in the respective fields. 
Money laundering and terrorist financing risk 
The Group is exposed to money laundering and terrorist financing risk. The Group's AML policy and procedures 
are clearly specified in writing, and communicated to all personnel. The procedures contain a clear description 
for employees of their obligations and instructions as well as guidance on how to keep the activity of the Group 
in compliance with regulations. There are internal procedures for detecting and reporting suspicious 
transactions. Failure in providing accounting and legal services, granting loans, or opening an account for the 
Group's companies as a result of non-compliance with AML requirements would most likely lead to serious 
financial, legal and reputational consequences for the Group, including exposure to fines, as well as criminal 
and civil penalties. 
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) risk 
The Group’s data protection policy and regulations were revised in 2018 to align with the requirements of the 
General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (GDPR). The Group has created data protection specialist 
positions, the objective of which is to monitor GDPR compliance and carry out reviews and controls of GDPR 
fulfilment. The Group regularly monitors GDPR compliance. Failure in establishing and implementing 
appropriate technical and organizational measures to meet the data protection requirements of the GDPR 
could have serious financial, legal and reputational consequences for the Group, including exposure to fines 
and penalties.  
Fraud risk 
Notwithstanding all the detection and prevention activities implemented within the Group with the aim to 
prevent any corruptive, fraudulent, coercive or collusive practices on the part of the Group’s employees, 
directors and representatives, and with respect to any transaction the Group is involved in, there is a risk of 
such prohibited practices being performed. This could adversely affect the Group’s reputation, business and 
financial position, as well as involve the Group in legal proceedings and disputes, including claims in relation 
to actions by regulatory and supervisory institutions.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
 
Competition risk 
According to the Competition Law (in Latvian – Konkurences likums), the Group is the dominant player in the 
heat and electricity market. In addition, the Competition Law prohibits companies from violating the principles 
of equal competition and unjustifiably restricting the ability for private entrepreneurs to operate in the market. 
If the Competition Council found violations of the Competition Law, this could have serious legal, financial and 
reputational consequences for the Group. 
REMIT regulation risk 
As the Company operates in the wholesale energy market, there is a potential breach of the European 
Parliament and Council Regulation No 1227/2011 on Wholesale Energy Market Integrity and Transparency 
(REMIT), including a prohibition on insider dealing, a prohibition on market manipulation and a duty to provide 
information to the regulator and the Agency for the Cooperation of Energy Regulators. This could have serious 
legal, financial and reputational consequences for the Group. 
Information disclosure risk 
The Company's debt securities are listed on the Nasdaq Riga Baltic Bond List. There are information disclosure 
requirements that the Company must follow on an ongoing basis. These requirements stipulate when and how 
the information should be disclosed to the market. In circumstances where the Company fails to comply with 
information disclosure requirements, the Financial and Capital Market Commission or Nasdaq Riga may 
impose a fine for violation of these requirements, in the worst case scenario ending with delisting of securities. 
This exposes the Group to reputation risk, and the costs incurred due to such failure might negatively impact 
the Group's financial situation. 
To mitigate this risk the Group has developed the Inside Information Disclosure Rules, which, among other 
things, contain a list of potential events that would require disclosure to investors. 
The Group's estimate for the regulatory actions and investigations risk profile is medium. 
Failure to comply with the EU State aid rules or the capacity payment support criteria 
The Treaty on the Functioning of the EU provides that Member States are obliged to notify the European 
Commission (EC) regarding any State aid scheme. There are certain criteria under which the State aid can be 
considered lawful and compatible with EU competition law. The State aid scheme implemented by Latvia has 
been harmonized with the EC, which means that the principle of support in the form of capacity payments to 
the CHPPs of the Company has also been harmonized. The operating aid for CHPPs of the Company was 
approved under the State aid scheme SA.43140 "Support to renewable energy and CHP in Latvia" and 
SA.56310 "Support to the TEC-2 CHP plant in Latvia" by the EC.  
The CHPPs receive State aid for their installed capacity. To be eligible for the State aid, the following criteria 
must be met: 
• 
the primary energy savings of each CHPP should be at least 10 per-cent per annum; 
• 
the installed electrical capacity of the CHPPs must be used at least 1,200 hours per calendar year; 
• 
each CHPP should be operational for at least 4,500 hours per year; 
• 
overall lifetime profitability should not exceed 9 per-cent of internal rate of return. 
There is a risk of failure to comply with the State aid criteria due to incorrect forecasts, a fire or explosion in 
the CHPPs, loss of the heat market share for other heat producers using biomass as fuel in the production

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
process and other reasons. To manage such risk, the Group coordinates generation plans and continuously 
monitors actual developments at annual, monthly, next and current day levels. Should such risk materialise, it 
could adversely affect the Group’s financial position. 
The Group's estimate for the failure to comply with the EU State aid rules or the capacity payment support 
criteria risk profile is medium. 
Financial Risks 
Mandatory prepayment of the Group’s debt portfolio 
The Group’s existing long-term loan agreements and bond documentation include certain financial covenant 
clauses and other obligations and representations, the violation of which could lead to an event of default and 
acceleration of repayment of the loans and bonds issued. While the Group has not breached such provisions 
in the past, its ability to comply with covenants and restrictions contained in the loan agreements and bond 
documentation may be affected by events beyond its control, including prevailing economic, financial, legal, 
and industry conditions. For example, high and volatile energy prices may have adverse effect on the Group's 
EBITDA, but in combination with the need to ensure large gas reserves in the inventory for prolonged time 
period may increase Group's net debt and therefore also a risk to breach the covenants. If these obligations 
were to be breached, the creditors involved would be able to declare an event of default pursuant to the 
relevant loan agreements and bond documentation and require prepayment of the entire outstanding loan 
amounts and redemption of the outstanding bonds. Due to the cross-default clauses in the loan agreements 
and bond documentation, the Group might need to refinance a substantial part of its outstanding debt. The 
ability to raise funding for the refinancing of bank and market debt or negotiate other terms with existing lenders 
might be limited, thus causing significant going concern risk for the Group.  
The Group has a policy for raising and managing borrowed funds to address the risk of mandatory prepayment 
of the Group’s debt portfolio. The Group’s policy is, among other things, to maintain a common list of covenants 
included in the loan agreements and bond documentation. Furthermore, financial covenants are considered in 
the business planning process. 
The Group's estimate for the mandatory prepayment of the Group’s debt portfolio risk profile is high. 
Downgrade of the Company’s credit rating 
A downgrade of the Company’s credit rating could increase the Group's costs of funding and/or reduce its 
access to funding and could require the Group to provide additional security for contracts, which could increase 
the costs of the transactions. In addition to a deterioration in the Company's own credit quality, the Company’s 
credit rating might be downgraded if the credit rating of the Republic of Latvia is downgraded due to weak 
macroeconomic conditions or a change of the support assumptions provided by the Republic of Latvia. 
The Group's estimate for downgrade of the Company’s credit rating risk profile is medium. 
 
Financing and refinancing risk 
 
The Group will need to raise further debt from time to time in order, among other things: 
• 
to finance or refinance capital expenditures; 
• 
to refinance debt. 
Therefore, the Group is exposed to financial and capital market risk resulting from mismatches between the 
Group's capital requirements and its access to capital. The Group's ability to raise funding may be influenced 
by, among other things, its own operating performance and general economic, financial, legal and industry 
conditions. If these conditions deteriorate, there could be an adverse effect on the Group's ability to finance or 
refinance capital expenditures and/or to refinance its existing debt as and when they are due.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
The Group has a policy for raising and managing borrowed funds to address the funding issues and financing 
risk. The Group’s policy is, among other things, to maintain centralized fundraising and to diversify funding 
sources. The Group has a Financial Risk Management Policy in place to address refinancing risk. 
The Group's estimate for the financing and refinancing risk profile is low. 
Liquidity risk 
The Group is exposed to liquidity risk resulting from mismatches between the revenue generated by its 
business and the Group's capital requirements to meet its payment obligations as they fall due or to fund its 
capital investments. The Group's future capital requirements and level of costs will depend on numerous 
factors, including, weather conditions, the amount of cash generated from its operations and general industry 
and economic conditions. An inability to cover funding costs through revenue streams could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, and results of operations or prospects, which could 
impact the ability of the Company to meet its payment obligations under the Notes. 
The Group has a Financial Risk Management Policy in place to address the liquidity risk. The Group’s policy 
is, among other things, to maintain sufficient reserves of cash and cash equivalents and the availability of long 
and short term funding through an adequate amount of committed credit facilities to meet its payment 
commitments according to its strategic plans and to balance fluctuations in the cash flows. 
The Group's estimate for the liquidity risk profile is low. 
Interest rate risk 
The Group’s interest rate risk mainly arises from long-term borrowings at variable rates. This exposes the 
Group to the risk that borrowing costs might increase significantly in the event that the relevant benchmark 
market interest rates rise.  
The Group has a Financial Risk Management Policy in place to address interest rate risk. The Group’s policy 
is, among other things, to maintain a certain average duration and portion of fixed interest rate borrowings in 
its debt portfolio. Adverse interest rate fluctuations, if not hedged, might negatively impact the Group’s 
operations, prospects and financial results. The Group could also find itself over-hedged which could lead to 
loss of financial resources. Early termination of hedging agreements could also negatively impact the Group’s 
financial results. 
The Group's estimate for the interest rate risk profile is low. 
Risks related to the Notes  
Possibility to forfeit interest and principle amount invested 
Should the Issuer become insolvent, legal protection proceedings or out-of-court legal protection proceedings 
of the Issuer are initiated during the term of the Notes, an investor may forfeit interest payable on, and the 
principle amount of, the Notes in whole or in part. An investor is always solely responsible for the economic 
consequences of its investment decisions. 
No guarantee or security 
The Notes will not constitute an obligation of anyone other than the Issuer and they will not be guaranteed. No 
one other than the Issuer will accept any liability whatsoever in respect of any failure by the Issuer to pay any 
amount due under the Notes. 
The Notes are unsecured debt instruments and the Noteholders would be unsecured creditors in the event of 
the Issuer’s insolvency.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
Claims cannot be enforced against the Issuer’s key assets 
The Issuer holds a number of assets which under applicable laws of the Republic of Latvia can be owned only 
by the Issuer, the Issuer’s wholly-owned subsidiaries or the companies that are wholly-owned by the state. As 
a consequence, such assets are not transferable to any other party except for the Issuer, its subsidiaries or 
the companies that are wholly-owned by the state. Section 20.1 (2) of the Energy Law (in Latvian - Enerģētikas 
likums) lists the following non-transferable assets: (i) Plavinas, Kegums and Riga HPPs on the River Daugava; 
(ii) Latvenergo AS CHPP-1 and Latvenergo AS CHPP-2; and (iii) electricity distribution grid, telecommunication 
grid and equipment owned by the Issuer. Because of their non-transferable nature, no claims, either on the 
ground of the Notes or otherwise, can be enforced against these assets. Furthermore, in case of the Issuer’s 
insolvency these assets will not be used for settling the creditors’ claims. 
The Notes do not contain covenants governing the Issuer's operations and do not limit its ability to 
merge or otherwise affect significant transactions that may have a material adverse effect on the Notes 
and the Noteholders 
The Notes do not contain provisions designed to protect the Noteholders from a reduction in the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer. In particular, the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes do not, except for 
the Change of Control (see Clause 14 the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes), restrict the Issuer’s 
ability to increase or decrease its share capital, to enter into a merger or other significant transaction that could 
materially alter its existence, jurisdiction of organization or regulatory regime and/or its composition and 
business. In the event that the Issuer enters into such a transaction, Noteholders could be materially adversely 
affected. Furthermore, the Change of Control condition does not restrict the current shareholder of the Issuer, 
namely, the Republic of Latvia, from disposing any or all of its shareholdings, in case the law, which at the date 
of this Base Prospectus restricts privatisation or alienation of the shares of the Issuer, is changed. 
No limitation on issuing additional debt 
The issuer is not prohibited from issuing further debt. If the Issuer incurs significant additional debt of an 
equivalent seniority with the Notes, it will increase the number of claims that would be equally entitled to receive 
the proceeds, including those related to the Issuer’s possible insolvency. Further, any provision which confers, 
purports to confer, or waives a right to create security interest in favour of third parties, such as a negative 
pledge, is ineffective against third parties since: (i) it is an issue of a contractual arrangement only being binding 
upon the parties to such contractual arrangement; (ii) there is no specific legislation in Latvia providing 
beneficiaries of negative pledge undertakings or covenants with a preferred position vis-a-vis the claims of 
third parties; and (iii) no registry or public record exists in Latvia through which negative pledge undertakings 
or covenants could be filed to obtain a preferred position. Should the Issuer breach its obligations under such 
undertakings and covenants and create a security interest in favour of a third party, such third party would 
obtain a valid and enforceable security interest over the pledged asset. 
In respect of any Notes issued as Green Bonds, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds 
will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor. Any failure to use the net proceeds of any 
Tranche of Notes issued as Green Bonds in connection with green projects, and/or any failure to meet, 
or to continue to meet, the investment requirements of certain environmentally focused investors with 
respect to such Green Bonds may affect the value and/or trading price of the Green Bonds, and/or may 
have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green assets 
The Issuer may issue Notes under the Base Prospectus where the use of proceeds is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to be for the financing and/or refinancing of projects and activities that promote climate 
and other environmental purposes, in accordance with certain prescribed eligibility criteria set out in the 
Issuer’s Green Bond Framework (as defined below) (any Notes which have such a specified use of proceeds 
are referred to as “Green Bonds”). 
In respect of any Notes issued as Green Bonds, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be 
suitable for the investment criteria of an investor. The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes 
may provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention to apply the proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
for one or more Eligible Green Projects (as defined under the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework available on its 
website from time to time (the “Green Bond Framework”)). Prospective investors should have regard to the 
information set out on the Issuer’s website and must determine for themselves the relevance of such 
information for the purpose of any investment in the Notes together with any other investigation such investor 
deems necessary. 
In particular no assurance is given by the Issuer that the use of such proceeds for any Eligible Green Projects 
will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards 
any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, 
whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules 
or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability 
or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Green Projects.  
Furthermore, a basis for the determination of the definitions of “green” and “sustainable” has been established 
in the EU with the publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the “Sustainable Finance Taxonomy 
Regulation”) on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the ”EU Sustainable 
Finance Taxonomy”). The EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy is subject to further development by way of the 
implementation by the European Commission through delegated regulations of technical screening criteria for 
the environmental objectives set out in the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation. The first delegated act 
on sustainable activities for climate change adaptation and mitigation objectives was approved in principle by 
the European Commission on 21 April 2021 and was formally adopted on 4 June 2021. The second delegated 
regulation for the remaining objectives is intended to be published in 2022. While the intention is that the 
Eligible Green Projects would be in alignment with the relevant objectives for the EU Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy, until the projects have been examined for compliance with the technical screening criteria for 
climate change adaptation and mitigation objectives, as well as the technical screening criteria for remaining 
four objectives have been developed it is not known whether the Eligible Green Projects will satisfy those 
criteria. Accordingly, alignment with the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy is not certain. As of the date of this 
Base Prospectus the Eligible Green Projects can be considered as EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy eligible.  
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available 
in connection with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any Eligible Green Projects to fulfil any 
environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or 
certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any 
such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer or any other 
person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. Any such opinion or certification is only current as of the date that 
opinion was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such 
opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or 
certification for the purpose of any investment in such Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions and 
certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Notes so specified for Eligible Green Projects 
in, or substantially in, the manner described in this Base Prospectus, there can be no assurance that the 
relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Projects will be capable of being 
implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or accordance with any timing schedule and that 
accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such Eligible Green Projects. None of the 
Arrangers or the Dealers will verify or monitor the proposed use of proceeds of the Notes issued under the 
Base Prospectus.  Nor can there be any assurance that such Eligible Green Projects will be completed within 
any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as 
originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an 
Event of Default under the Notes.  
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Eligible Green Projects as 
aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification attesting 
that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
opining or certifying on may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially the 
value of any other Notes which are intended to finance Eligible Green Projects and/or result in adverse 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular 
purpose. 
Refinancing risk 
The Issuer may be required to refinance certain or all of its outstanding debt, including the Notes. The Issuer’s 
ability to successfully refinance its debt depends on the conditions of debt capital markets and its own financial 
condition. The Issuer’s inability to refinance its debt obligations on favourable terms, or at all, could have a 
negative impact on the Group’s operations, financial condition, earnings and on the Noteholders' recovery 
under the Notes. 
Since the Notes bear interest at a fixed interest rate, movements in market interest rates can adversely 
affect the value of the Notes 
The Notes bear interest on their outstanding principal amount at a fixed interest rate. A holder of a security 
with a fixed interest rate is exposed to the risk that the value of such security could fall as a result of changes 
in the market interest rate. While the nominal compensation rate of the Notes is fixed during the life of the 
Notes, the current interest rate on the capital market (market interest rate) typically changes on a daily basis. 
If the market interest rate increases, the value of a security such as the Notes typically falls, until the yield of 
such security is approximately equal to the market interest rate. If the market interest rate falls, the value of a 
security such as the Notes typically increases, until the yield of such a security is approximately equal to the 
market interest rate. Consequently, Noteholders should be aware that movements of the market interest rate 
can adversely affect the value of the Notes and can lead to losses for the Noteholders if they sell their Notes.  
The market price of the Notes may be volatile 
The market price of the Notes could be subject to significant fluctuations in response to actual or anticipated 
variations in the Group's operating results and those of its competitors, adverse business developments, 
changes to the regulatory environment in which the Group operates, changes in financial estimates by 
securities analysts and the actual or expected sale of a large number of the Notes, as well as other factors. In 
addition, in recent years the global financial markets have experienced significant price and volume 
fluctuations, which, if repeated in the future, could adversely affect the market price of the Notes without regard 
to the Group's results of operations, prospects or financial condition. Factors including increased competition 
or the Group's operating results, the regulatory environment, general market conditions, natural disasters, 
pandemics, terrorist attacks and war may have an adverse effect on the market price of the Notes. 
An active market for the Notes may not develop 
Although application(s) will be made for the Notes to be admitted to trading on Nasdaq Riga stock exchange, 
there is no assurance that such application(s) will be accepted and the Notes will be admitted to trading. In 
addition, admission of the Notes on a regulated market will not guarantee that a liquid public market for the 
Notes will develop or, if such market develops, that it will be maintained, and neither the Issuer, nor the 
Arrangers or Dealers are under any obligation to maintain such market. Therefore, investors may not be able 
to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that 
have a developed secondary market. A lack of liquidity may have a material adverse effect on the market value 
of the Notes. 
Exchange rate risk 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in EUR. This presents certain risks relating to currency 
conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the 
“Investor's Currency”) other than EUR. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change 
(including changes due to devaluation of EUR or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that 
authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify currency exchange controls.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to EUR would decrease the Investor's Currency-
equivalent: (i) yield on the Notes; (ii) value of the principal payable on the Notes; and (iii) market value of the 
Notes. 
Credit ratings  
The Issuer's credit ratings are an assessment by the relevant rating agency of its ability to pay its debts when 
due. Consequently, real or anticipated changes in its credit ratings will generally affect the market value of the 
Notes. One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. In case the 
Notes are rated by credit rating agencies, such ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related 
to the structure, market, additional factors discussed above, or other factors that may affect the value of the 
Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn 
by the rating agency at any time. Any adverse change in an applicable credit rating of the Issuer could 
adversely affect the trading price of the Notes. 
No assurance on change of laws or practices 
The Notes are governed by the laws of the Republic of Latvia. Latvian laws (including but not limited to tax 
laws) and regulations governing the Notes may change during the life of the Notes, and new judicial decisions 
can be issued and/or new administrative practices may be adopted. No assurance can be given as to the 
impact of any of such possible changes of laws or regulations, or new judicial decision or administrative 
practice taking place after the date of this Base Prospectus. Hence, such change may have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer’s business, financial condition, results of operations and/or future prospects and, thereby, 
the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes, as well as taxation of the Notes, and the market price 
of the Notes. Such events may also result in material financial losses or damage to the Noteholders. 
Redemption prior to maturity 
The Notes are redeemable at the Issuer's option at a price equal to the nominal amount of the Notes together 
with the accrued interest (as more fully set out in Clauses 9.3 and 9.4 of the General Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes). The Notes are also redeemable due to tax reasons at a price equal to the nominal amount of the 
Notes together with the accrued interest (as more fully set out in Clause 11 of the General Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes). In addition, the Notes are redeemable on the occurrence of a Change of Control at 
a price equal to the nominal amount of the Notes together with the accrued interest (as more fully set out in in 
Clause 14 of the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes). Furthermore, if 75 (seventy-five) per-cent or 
more in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding have been redeemed based on a Change of Control, 
the Issuer is entitled to redeem the remaining Notes at a price equal to the nominal amount of the Notes 
together with the accrued interest. 
It is possible that the Notes are redeemed at a time when the prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. In 
such circumstances an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security 
at an effective interest rate as high as that of the Notes. It is further possible that the Issuer will not have 
sufficient funds at the time of the occurrence of a Change of Control to make the required redemption of Notes. 
No voting rights 
Only the shareholder of the Issuer has voting rights in the shareholders’ meetings of the Issuer. The Notes 
carry no such voting rights. Consequently, the Noteholders cannot influence any decisions by the Issuer’s 
shareholder concerning, for instance, the capital structure of the Issuer. 
Amendments to the Notes bind all Noteholders  
The General Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for Noteholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally. The decisions of Noteholders (including amendments to the General Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes), subject to defined majorities requirements, will be binding to all Noteholders, 
including Noteholders who did not vote and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. This

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
may cause financial losses, among other things, to all Noteholders, including the Noteholders who did not vote 
and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
Certain material interests 
The Arrangers and Dealers have engaged in, and may in the future engage in, investment banking and/or 
commercial banking or other services provided to the Group in the ordinary course of business. Therefore, 
conflicts of interest may exist or may arise as a result of an Arranger’s or a Dealer’s current or future 
engagement in transactions with other parties, having multiple roles or carrying out other transactions for third 
parties with conflicting interests.  
Risks relating to the clearing and settlement in the Depository’s book-entry system  
The Notes will be affiliated to the account-based system of the Depository, and no physical notes will be issued. 
Clearing and settlement relating to the Notes will be carried out within the Depository's book-entry system as 
well as payment of interest and repayment of the principal. Investors are therefore dependent on the 
functionality of the Depository's account-based system.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
1. 
Principal amount and issuance of the Notes 
1.1. 
Under this third programme for the issuance of notes (the “Programme”) the Issuer may issue notes up 
to an aggregate principal amount of EUR 200,000,000 (two hundred million euro) (the “Notes”).  
1.2. 
The Notes shall be issued in series (the “Series”).  
1.3. 
Each Series may comprise one or more tranches of Notes (the “Tranches”). The Notes of each Tranche 
will all be subject to identical terms, except that the Issue Dates (as defined below) and the Issue Prices 
(as defined below) thereof may be different in respect of different Tranches. 
1.4. 
In order to identify each Series and Tranches, the Final Terms (as defined below) shall stipulate a serial 
number of the respective Series and a serial number of the respective Tranche.  
1.5. 
The terms and conditions of each Tranche shall consist of these general terms and conditions of the 
Notes (the “General Terms and Conditions”) and the final terms (the “Final Terms”). The General 
Terms and Conditions shall apply to each Tranche.  
1.6. 
Each Final Terms will be approved by the management board of the Issuer, published on the Issuer’s 
website www.latvenergo.lv and submitted to the Financial and Capital Market Commission, which will 
forward them to the Bank of Lithuania (in Lithuanian - Lietuvos Bankas). 
1.7. 
The aggregate principal amount of a Tranche shall be specified in the Final Terms. The Issuer may 
increase or decrease the aggregate principal amount of a Tranche as set out in the Final Terms during 
the Placement Period (as defined below) of that Tranche.  
1.8. 
The nominal amount of each Note shall be specified in the Final Terms. 
1.9. 
The Notes will be offered for subscription for a minimum investment amount EUR 100,000 (one hundred 
thousand euro) (the “Minimum Investment Amount”). 
2. 
Form of the Notes and ISIN 
2.1. 
The Notes are freely transferable non-convertible debt securities, which contain payment obligations of 
the Issuer towards the holders of the Notes (the “Noteholders”). 
2.2. 
The Notes are dematerialized debt securities in bearer form which are disposable without any 
restrictions and can be pledged. However, the Notes cannot be offered, sold, resold, transferred or 
delivered in such countries or jurisdictions or otherwise in such circumstances in which it would be 
unlawful or require measures other than those required under Latvian laws, including the United States, 
Australia, Japan, Canada, Hong Kong, South Africa, Singapore and certain other jurisdictions. In 
addition, the Noteholders are prohibited to resell, transfer or deliver the Notes to any person in a manner 
that would constitute a public offer of securities. 
2.3. 
The Notes shall be book-entered with Nasdaq CSD SE (registration number: 40003242879, legal 
address: Vaļņu 1, Riga, LV-1050, Latvia) (the “Depository”). 
2.4. 
A separate ISIN will be assigned to each Series, which will be different from ISIN of other Series. 
2.5. 
Before commencement of the offering of the Notes of the first Tranche of each Series, the Depository 
upon request of the Issuer will assign ISIN to the respective Series. Where a further Tranche is issued, 
which is intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche at any point after the Issue Date of 
the existing Tranche, a temporary ISIN may be assigned to the Notes of such further Tranche, which is 
different from ISIN assigned to the relevant Series, until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and 
form a single Series.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
2.6. 
ISIN of the respective Series and a temporary ISIN of the respective Tranche, if applicable, will be 
specified in the Final Terms. 
3. 
Status and security 
The Notes constitute direct, unsecured and unguaranteed obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu 
without any preference among each other and with all other unsecured, unguaranteed and 
unsubordinated indebtedness of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred by mandatory 
provisions of law. 
4. 
Currency of the Notes 
The Notes will be issued in EUR.  
5. 
Issue price and yield 
5.1. 
The Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or a premium to their nominal amount 
(the “Issue Price”). The Issue Price shall be determined by the Issuer and specified in the Final Terms. 
5.2. 
The yield of each Tranche set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated as of the relevant Issue 
Date on an annual basis using the relevant Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield. 
6. 
Underwriting 
None of the Tranches will be underwritten. 
7. 
Issue date 
The issue date of each Tranche (the “Issue Date”) shall be specified in the Final Terms. 
8. 
Interest 
8.1. 
The Notes shall bear interest at a fixed annual interest rate (the “Interest Rate”) which shall be 
determined by the Issuer and specified in the Final Terms. 
8.2. 
The interest on the Notes will be paid annually on the dates specified in the Final Terms (“Interest 
Payment Date”) until the Maturity Date (as defined below) and will be calculated on the aggregate 
outstanding principal amount of the Notes of the respective Series.  
8.3. 
Interest shall accrue for each interest period from and including the first day of the interest period to (but 
excluding) the last day of the interest period on the principal amount of the Notes of the respective Series 
outstanding from time to time. The first interest period commences on the Issue Date and ends on a day 
preceding the first Interest Payment Date (the “First Interest Period”). Each consecutive interest period 
begins on the previous Interest Payment Date and ends on a day preceding the following Interest 
Payment Date. The last interest period ends on the Maturity Date (as defined below). 
8.4. 
Interest in respect of the Notes will be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed in 
the relevant interest period divided by 365 (or, in the case of a leap year, 366), i.e. a day count convention 
Act/Act (ICMA) will be used. 
8.5. 
When interest is required to be calculated in respect of a period of less than a full year (other than in 
respect of the First Interest Period) it shall be calculated on the basis of (i) the actual number of days in 
the period from and including the date from which interest begins to accrue (the “Accrual Date”) to but 
excluding the date on which it falls due, divided by (ii) the actual number of days from and including the 
Accrual Date to, but excluding the next following Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
8.6. 
Interest on the Notes shall be paid through the Depository in accordance with the applicable rules of the 
Depository. The Noteholders list eligible to receive the interest on the Notes will be fixed at the end of 
the 8th (eighth) Business Day immediately preceding the Interest Payment Date. 
8.7. 
Should any Interest Payment Date fall on a date which is not a Business Day, the payment of the interest 
due will be postponed to the next Business Day. The postponement of the payment date shall not have 
an impact on the amount payable. 
“Business Day” means a day on which the Depository system is open and operational.  
9. 
 Redemption 
9.1. 
The Notes shall be repaid in full at their nominal amount on the date which will be specified in the Final 
Terms (the “Maturity Date”), unless the Issuer has prepaid the Notes in accordance with Clauses 9.3 
and 9.4, Clause 14 (Change of control) or Clause 16 (Events of Default) below or in case the 
Noteholders, upon proposal of the Issuer, pursuant to Clause 22 (Decisions of the Noteholders) have 
decided that the Notes shall be redeemed prior to the Maturity Date. 
9.2. 
Each Series of Notes may have a maturity up to 10 (ten) years. 
9.3. 
The Issuer may redeem each Series of Notes, in whole but not in part, at any time during the period 
commencing on the first Business Day falling 3 (three) months prior to the Maturity Date (such Business 
Day included) and ending on the Maturity Date (the Maturity Date excluded) (the “Voluntary 
Redemption Period”), at an amount equal to 100 (one hundred) per-cent of their nominal amount 
together with any accrued but unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of voluntary redemption (the 
“Voluntary Redemption Date”). 
9.4. 
Redemption in accordance with Clause 9.3 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than 30 (thirty) 
but no more than 60 (sixty) calendar days’ irrevocable notice specifying the Voluntary Redemption Date, 
which shall be a Business Day within the Voluntary Redemption Period, to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Clause 20 (Notices).  
9.5. 
The principal of the Notes shall be paid through the Depository in accordance with the applicable rules 
of the Depository. The Noteholders list eligible to receive the principal of the Notes will be fixed at the 
end of the Business Day immediately preceding the payment of the principal of the Notes. 
9.6. 
Should the payment date fall on a date which is not a Business Day, the payment of the amount due will 
be postponed to the next Business Day. The postponement of the payment date shall not have an impact 
on the amount payable. 
10. 
Taxation 
All payments in respect of the Notes by the Issuer shall be made without withholding or deduction for, 
or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature (“Taxes”), unless the withholding or deduction of the Taxes is required by the laws of the Republic 
of Latvia. In such case, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the 
Noteholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been received by them 
had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be 
payable in respect of any Note held by or on behalf of a Noteholder which is liable to such Taxes in 
respect of such Note by reason of its having some connection with the Republic of Latvia other than the 
mere holding of the Note.  
11. 
Redemption for tax reasons 
11.1. The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time on giving 
30 (thirty) but no more than 60 (sixty) calendar days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders at an amount

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
equal to 100 (one hundred) per-cent of their nominal amount together with any accrued but unpaid 
interest to, but excluding, the date of redemption, if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in 
Clause 10 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the 
Republic of Latvia or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to 
tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first Tranche of the 
Notes; and  
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it,  
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 (ninety) days prior 
to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment 
in respect of the Notes were then due.  
11.2. Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall obtain 
an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment.  
11.3. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Clause 11, the Issuer shall be bound to 
redeem the Notes in accordance with this Clause 11. 
12. 
Placement of the Notes 
12.1. Initially the Notes of the respective Tranche will be book-entered in the distribution account of a Dealer 
specified in the Final Terms (the “Settlement Agent”) with the Depository.   
12.2. The placement period for each Tranche (the “Placement Period”) will be specified in the Final Terms. 
The Issuer may decide on shortening or lengthening the Placement Period.  
12.3. The investors wishing to purchase the Notes shall submit their orders to the Dealers to purchase the 
Notes (the “Purchase Orders”) at any time during the Placement Period.  
12.4. Total amount of the Notes to be purchased and provided in each Purchase Order shall be no less than 
the Minimum Investment Amount.  
12.5. Purchase Orders by the same legal entity or person will be aggregated into one if all order parameters 
(except the purchase amount) are the same. 
12.6. All Purchase Orders are binding and irrevocable commitment to acquire the allotted Notes. 
12.7. On the same Business Day following the Placement Period the Issuer will decide whether to proceed 
with the issuance of the Notes of a respective Tranche or cancel the issuance. In case the issuance of 
the Notes of a respective Tranche is cancelled, the Issuer will publish an announcement on the Issuer’s 
website www.latvenergo.lv. 
12.8. The Issuer in consultation with the Dealers will decide on allotment of the Notes to the Investors. The 
Issuer reserves a right to reject any Purchase Order, in whole or in part, at its sole discretion. 
12.9. The Dealers shall send to each investor by way of e-mail or through Bloomberg system a confirmation 
which will contain information on the extent of satisfaction or rejection of the Purchase Order submitted 
by the investor, the number of Notes allotted to the investor and the amount (price) payable for the 
Notes.  
12.10. The settlement for the Notes will take place on the Issue Date and will be carried out by the Settlement 
Agent in accordance with the DVP (Delivery vs Payment) principle pursuant to the applicable rules of 
the Depository.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
12.11. All paid up Notes shall be treated as issued. The Notes which are not paid up shall be cancelled. 
12.12. Information about the issue results of the Notes will be published on the Issuer’s website 
www.latvenergo.lv within 1(one) Business Day following the Issue Date. 
13. 
Admission to trading 
13.1. The Issuer shall submit an application regarding inclusion of each Tranche in the Baltic Bond List of 
Akciju sabiedrība “Nasdaq Riga”, registration number: 40003167049, legal address: Vaļņu 1, Riga, LV-
1050, Latvia (“Nasdaq Riga”). An application shall be prepared according to the requirements of Nasdaq 
Riga and shall be submitted to Nasdaq Riga within 3 (three) months after the Issue Date of the respective 
Tranche. 
13.2. The Issuer shall use its best efforts to ensure that the Notes remain listed in the Baltic Bond List of 
Nasdaq Riga or, if such listing is not possible, to obtain or maintain, listed or traded on another regulated 
market. The Issuer shall, following a listing or admission to trading, take all reasonable actions on its 
part required as a result of such listing or trading of the Notes. 
13.3. The Issuer will cover all costs which are related to the admission of the Notes to the relevant regulated 
market.  
14. 
Change of control 
14.1. If at any time while any Note remains outstanding: (i) there occurs a Change of Control (as defined 
below), and (ii) within the Change of Control Period (as defined below), a Rating Event (as defined 
below) in respect of that Change of Control occurs (such Change of Control and Rating Event not having 
been cured prior to the expiry of the Change of Control Period, together, a “Change of Control Put 
Event”), each Noteholder will have the option (the “Change of Control Put Option”) (unless, prior to 
the giving of the Change of Control Put Event Notice (as defined below), the Issuer gives notice to 
redeem the Notes according to Clauses 9.3 and 9.4) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer’s 
option, to procure the purchase of, all or part of its Notes, on the Optional Redemption Date (as defined 
below) at an amount equal to 100 (one hundred) per-cent of their nominal amount together with any 
accrued but unpaid interest to, but excluding, the Optional Redemption Date. 
A “Change of Control” shall be deemed to have occurred if at any time following the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Notes, the Republic of Latvia ceases to own, directly or indirectly, at least 51 (fifty 
one) per-cent of the issued share capital of the Issuer or ceases to have the power, directly or indirectly, 
to cast, or control the casting of, at least 51 (fifty one) per-cent of the maximum number of votes that 
might be casted at a Shareholders’ Meeting of the Issuer.  
“Change of Control Period” means the period beginning on the date of the first public announcement 
by or on behalf of the Issuer by any bidder or any designated advisor, of the relevant Change of Control 
and ending 90 days after completion of the relevant Change of Control. 
A “Rating Event” shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control if (within the 
Change of Control Period) either:  
(i) 
(A) the rating previously assigned to the Issuer by any Rating Agency solicited by the Issuer is (x) 
withdrawn or (y) changed from an investment grade rating (Baa3/BBB- or its equivalent for the 
time being, or better) to a non-investment grade rating (Ba1/BB+ or its equivalent for the time 
being, or worse) or (z) (if the rating previously assigned to the Issuer by any Rating Agency 
solicited by the Issuer was below an investment grade rating (as described above)), lowered by at 
least one full rating notch (for example, from Ba1 to Ba2, or their respective equivalents) and (B) 
such rating is not subsequently upgraded (in the case of a downgrade) or reinstated (in the case 
of a withdrawal) within the Change of Control Period either to an investment grade credit rating (in 
the case of (x) and (y)) or to its earlier credit rating or better (in the case of (z)) by such Rating 
Agency; or

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
(ii) 
the Issuer has not been previously assigned a credit rating solicited by the Issuer, and no Rating 
Agency assigns the Issuer an investment grade rating solicited by the Issuer within the Change of 
Control Period;  
provided that the Rating Agency making the reduction in rating or deciding not to assign an investment 
grade rating announces or publicly confirms or, having been so requested by the Issuer, informs the 
Issuer in writing that the lowering or failure to assign an investment grade rating was the result, in whole 
or in part, of any event or circumstance comprised in or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the 
applicable Change of Control (whether or not the applicable Change of Control shall have occurred at 
the time of the Rating Event).  
“Rating Agency” means Moody’s Deutschland GmbH, S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited or Fitch 
Ratings Ireland Limited. 
14.2. Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Change of Control Put Event has occurred, the Issuer 
shall give notice (a “Change of Control Put Event Notice”) to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Clause 20 (Notices) specifying the nature of the Change of Control Put Event and the circumstances 
giving rise to it, and the procedure for exercising the Change of Control Put Option. 
14.3. To exercise the Change of Control Put Option, a Noteholder within the period (the “Change of Control 
Put Period”) of 45 (forty-five) days after a Change of Control Put Event Notice is given must provide to 
the Issuer in writing a notice on exercise of the Change of Control Put Option (a “Change of Control 
Put Option Notice”).  
14.4. A Change of Control Put Option Notice once given shall be irrevocable. The Issuer shall redeem or, at 
the option of the Issuer procure the purchase of, the Notes in respect of which the Change of Control 
Put Option has been validly exercised as provided above by the date which is the 5th (fifth) Business 
Day following the end of the Change of Control Put Period (the “Optional Redemption Date”).  
14.5. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no responsibility for any cost or loss of whatever kind 
(including breakage costs) which the Noteholder may incur as a result of or in connection with such 
Noteholder’s exercise or purported exercise of, or otherwise in connection with, any Change of Control 
Put Option (whether as a result of any purchase or redemption arising therefrom or otherwise).  
14.6. If 75 (seventy-five) per-cent or more in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding have been 
redeemed pursuant to this Clause 14, the Issuer may, on not less than 30 (thirty) nor more than 60 
(sixty) days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 20 (Notices) given within 
30 (thirty) days after the Optional Redemption Date, redeem on a date to be specified in such notice at 
its option, all (but not some only) of the remaining Notes at 100 (one hundred) per-cent of their nominal 
amount, together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date of redemption. 
15. 
Negative pledge 
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its Material 
Subsidiaries create or permit to subsist mortgage, pledge or any other security interest (each a “Security 
Interest”), other than a Permitted Security Interest, upon the whole or any part of its present or future 
business, undertaking, assets or revenues to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or Guarantee of 
Relevant Indebtedness without (a) at the same time or prior thereto securing the Notes equally and 
rateably therewith, or (b) providing such other security for the Notes or other arrangement (whether or 
not it includes the granting of a security) as may be approved by the Noteholders pursuant to Clause 22 
(Decisions of the Noteholders). 
“Subsidiary” means a company:  
(i) 
whose affairs and policies the Issuer controls or has the power to control, whether by ownership 
of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the governing body or 
otherwise; or

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
(ii) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the Issuer.  
“Material Subsidiary” means at any time any Subsidiary:  
(i) 
whose total consolidated (or, if applicable, unconsolidated) assets (excluding intercompany loans, 
intercompany payables, intercompany receivables and intercompany unrealised gains and losses 
in inventories) represent not less than 10 (ten) per-cent of the total consolidated assets of the 
Issuer, or whose gross consolidated EBITDA (or, if applicable, unconsolidated) represents not 
less than 10 (ten) per-cent of the gross consolidated EBITDA of the Issuer, in each case as 
determined by reference to the most recent publicly available annual or interim financial 
statements of the Issuer prepared in accordance with IFRS and the latest financial statements of 
the Subsidiary determined in accordance with IFRS; or  
(ii) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially all of the assets and undertakings of a Subsidiary 
which, immediately prior to such transfer, is a Material Subsidiary.  
“EBITDA” means (i) the consolidated operating profit of the Group or (ii) in the case of a Material 
Subsidiary, the consolidated or unconsolidated operating profit of such Material Subsidiary, in the case 
of both (i) and (ii) before taking into account:  
(a) 
depreciation and amortisation;  
(b) 
finance income and finance costs;  
(c) 
revaluation of property, plant and equipment, and investment property;  
(d) 
impairment of property, plant and equipment; 
(e) 
current year income tax expense and deferred income tax (expense)/benefit;  
(f) 
any revaluation of non-current assets; and  
(g) 
exceptional items, as defined by IFRS or separately identified as such within the most recent 
publicly available annual or interim financial statements of the Issuer or the relevant Material 
Subsidiary (as the case may be), prepared in accordance with IFRS.  
“Group” means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time. 
“IFRS” means the International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. 
“Permitted Security Interest” means any Security Interest created over any asset of any company 
which becomes a Subsidiary after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes, where such Security 
Interest is created prior to the date on which the company becomes a Subsidiary, provided that:  
(i) 
such Security Interest was not created in contemplation of the acquisition of such company; and  
(ii) 
the principal amount secured was not increased in contemplation of or since the acquisition (or 
proposed acquisition) of that company. 
“Indebtedness” means any indebtedness (whether principal, premium, interest or other amounts) in 
respect of any bonds, notes or other debt securities or borrowed money by the Issuer or any of its 
Subsidiaries (other than from the Issuer to any of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries and from any of the 
Issuer’s wholly-owned Subsidiaries to the Issuer or to another wholly-owned Subsidiary). 
 
“Relevant Indebtedness” means any Indebtedness which is in the form of, or represented by any bond, 
note or other debt security which is, or is capable of being, quoted, listed or traded on any stock 
exchange or in any securities market (including, without limitation, any over-the-counter market).

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
“Guarantee” means, in relation to any Indebtedness, any obligation to pay such Indebtedness including 
(without limitation):  
(i) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness;  
(ii) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to purchase 
assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such Indebtedness;  
(iii) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Indebtedness; and  
(iv) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness.  
16. 
Events of Default 
16.1. If an Event of Default (as defined below) occurs, any Noteholder may by written notice to the Issuer 
declare any Note held by it and the interest accrued on such Note to be prematurely due and payable 
at the earliest on the 10th (tenth) Business Day from the date such notice was received by the Issuer, 
provided that an Event of Default is continuing on the date of receipt of the notice by the Issuer and on 
the early repayment date (the “Early Repayment Date”). Interest on such Note accrues until the Early 
Prepayment Date (excluding the Early Prepayment Date). 
16.2. The Issuer shall notify the Noteholders about the occurrence of an Event of Default (and the steps, if 
any, taken to remedy it) in accordance with Clause 20 (Notices) promptly upon becoming aware of its 
occurrence. 
16.3. Each of the following events shall constitute an event of default (an “Event of Default”): 
(i) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes on the due 
date for payment thereof or fails to pay any amount of interest in respect of the Notes on the due 
date for payment thereof and the default continues for a period of 5 (five) days in the case of 
principal and for a period of 14 (fourteen) days in the case of interest; 
(ii) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of its 
other obligations in respect of the Notes, and such default is not capable of remedy or remains 
unremedied for at least 30 (thirty) days after written notice thereof, addressed to the Issuer by any 
Noteholder, has been received by the Issuer; 
(iii) 
Cross-default: 
(a) 
any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is not paid when due or 
(as the case may be) within any originally applicable grace period;  
(b) 
any such Indebtedness becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity otherwise 
than at the option of the Issuer or (as the case may be) the relevant Material Subsidiary or 
(provided that no event of default, howsoever described, has occurred) any person 
entitled to such Indebtedness;  
(c) 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries fails to pay when due any amount payable by 
it under any Guarantee of any Indebtedness;  
provided that the amount of Indebtedness referred to in sub-paragraph (a) and/or sub-paragraph 
(b) above and/or the amount payable under any Guarantee referred to in sub-paragraph (c) above 
individually or in the aggregate exceeds EUR 25,000,000 (twenty-five million euro) (or its 
equivalent in any other currency or currencies); 
(iv) 
Security enforced: a secured party enforces a security over the whole or any substantial part of 
the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries;

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
(v) 
Cessation of business: the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries cease to carry on its current 
business in its entirety or a substantial part thereof, other than:  
(a) 
pursuant to any sale, disposal, demerger, amalgamation, reorganization or restructuring or 
any cessation of business in each case on a solvent basis and within the Group;  
(b) 
in relation to a Material Subsidiary, if the cessation of the respective business (or substantial 
part thereof) of the Material Subsidiary is required by any specific EU regulations or laws 
of the Republic of Latvia or decisions of any regulatory authority in relation to the operation 
of the electricity markets, and it does not materially affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations with regard to the Notes; or 
(c) 
for the purposes of, or pursuant to any terms approved by the Noteholders in accordance 
with Clause 22 (Decisions of the Noteholders);  
(vi) 
Liquidation: an effective resolution is passed for the liquidation of the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries other than, in case of a Material Subsidiary:  
(a) 
pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganization or restructuring in each case within the 
Group; or  
(b) 
as a result of the cessation of the respective business required by any specific EU 
regulations or laws of the Republic of Latvia or decisions of any regulatory authority in 
relation to the operation of the electricity markets, and it does not materially affect the 
Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations with regard to the Notes; or  
(c) 
for the purposes of, or pursuant to any terms approved by the Noteholders in accordance 
with Clause 22 (Decisions of the Noteholders);  
(vii) Insolvency:  
(a) 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is declared insolvent or bankrupt by a court of 
competent jurisdictions or admits inability to pay its debts; or 
(b) 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries enters into any arrangement with majority of 
its creditors by value in relation to restructuring of its debts or any meeting is convened to 
consider a proposal for such arrangement; or  
(c) 
an application to initiate insolvency, restructuring (including proceedings such as legal 
protection proceedings and out-of-court legal protection proceedings) or administration of 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries or any other proceedings for the settlement of 
the debt of the Issuer or of any of its Material Subsidiaries is submitted to the court by the 
Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries.  
16.4. In case of the Issuer’s liquidation or insolvency the Noteholders shall have a right to receive payment of 
the outstanding principal amount of the Notes and the interest accrued on the Notes according to the 
relevant laws governing liquidation or insolvency of the Issuer. 
17. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of and notice to the Noteholders, create and issue 
further Notes whether such further Notes form a single Series with already issued Notes or not. For the 
avoidance of doubt, this Clause 17 shall not limit the Issuer's right to issue any other notes. 
18. 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase the Notes in any manner and at any price 
in the secondary market. Such Notes may be held, resold or surrendered by the purchaser through the

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
Issuer for cancellation. Notes held by or for the account of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries for their 
own account will not carry the right to vote at the Noteholders’ Meetings or within Written Procedures 
and will not be taken into account in determining how many Notes are outstanding for the purposes of 
these General Terms and Conditions. 
19. 
Time bar 
In case any payment under the Notes has not been claimed by the respective Noteholder entitled to this 
payment within 10 (ten) years from the original due date thereof, the right to such payment shall be 
forfeited by the Noteholder and the Issuer shall be permanently released from such payment. 
20. 
Notices 
Noteholders shall be advised of matters relating to the Notes by a notice published in English and Latvian 
in the Central Storage of Regulated Information, on the website of Nasdaq Riga and on the Issuer’s 
website www.latvenergo.lv. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been received by the Noteholders 
when published in the manner specified in this Clause 20. 
21. 
Representation of the Noteholders 
The rights of the Noteholders to establish and/or authorize an organization/person to represent interests 
of all or a part of the Noteholders are not contemplated, however, such rights are not restricted. The 
Noteholders should cover all costs/fees of such representative(s) by themselves.  
22. 
Decisions of the Noteholders 
22.1. General provisions 
(i) 
The decisions of the Noteholders (including decisions on amendments to these General Terms 
and Conditions or the Final Terms of the Tranches of the relevant Series or granting of consent 
or waiver) shall be passed at a meeting of the Noteholders (the “Noteholders’ Meeting”) or in 
writing without convening the Noteholders’ Meeting (the “Written Procedure”) at the choice of 
the Issuer. However, the Issuer shall have a right to amend the technical procedures relating to 
the Notes in respect of payments or other similar matters without the consent of the Noteholders, 
if such amendments are not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
(ii) 
The Issuer shall have a right to convene the Noteholders’ Meeting or instigate the Written 
Procedure at any time and shall do so following a written request from the Noteholders who, on 
the day of the request, represent not less than one-tenth of the principal amount of the Notes 
outstanding or the principal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series outstanding (as applicable) 
(excluding the Issuer and its Subsidiaries). 
(iii) 
In case convening of the Noteholders’ Meeting or instigation of the Written Procedure is requested 
by the Noteholders, the Issuer shall be obliged to convene the Noteholders’ Meeting or instigate 
the Written Procedure within 1 (one) month after receipt of the respective Noteholders’ written 
request. 
(iv) 
Only those who were registered as the Noteholders by the end of the 6th (sixth) Business Day 
prior to convening the Noteholders’ Meeting or instigation of the Written Procedure or proxies 
authorised by such Noteholders, may exercise their voting rights at the Noteholders’ Meeting or 
in the Written Procedure.  
(v) 
Quorum at the Noteholders’ Meeting or in respect of the Written Procedure only exists if one or 
more Noteholders holding 50 (fifty) per-cent in aggregate or more of the principal amount of the 
Notes outstanding or the principal amount of the Notes of relevant Series outstanding (as 
applicable):  
(a) 
if at the Noteholders’ Meeting, attend the meeting; or

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
(b) 
if in respect of the Written Procedure, reply to the request.  
(vi) 
If the Issuer and/or its Subsidiaries are the Noteholders, their principal amount of the Notes will 
be excluded when a quorum is calculated. 
(vii) 
If quorum does not exist at the Noteholders’ Meeting or in respect of the Written Procedure, the 
Issuer shall convene a second Noteholders’ Meeting (in accordance with Clause 22.2 (a)) or 
instigate a second Written Procedure (in accordance with Clause 22.3 (a)), as the case may be. 
The quorum requirement in paragraph (iv) above shall not apply to such second Noteholders’ 
Meeting or Written Procedure, except for exclusion of Issuer and its Subsidiaries from calculation 
of a quorum. 
(viii) Consent of the Noteholders holding at least 75 (seventy-five) per-cent of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Notes attending the Noteholders’ Meeting or participating in the Written 
Procedure (i.e. replying to the request) is required for agreement with the Issuer to amend Clause 
3 (Status and security), Clause 14 (Change of control), Clause 15 (Negative pledge), Clause 16 
(Events of Default), Clause 22 (Decisions of the Noteholders) or Clause 23 (Governing law and 
dispute resolution). 
(ix) 
Consent of at least 75 (seventy-five) per-cent of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 
Notes of the respective Series attending the Noteholders’ Meeting or participating in the Written 
Procedure (i.e. replying to the request) is required for the following decisions: 
(a) 
agreement with the Issuer to change the date, or the method of determining the date, for 
the payment of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the relevant Series, to 
reduce or cancel the amount of principal, interest or any other amount payable on any date 
in respect of the relevant Series or to change the method of calculating the amount of 
interest or any other amount payable on any date in respect of the relevant Series; 
(b) 
agreement with the Issuer to change the currency of the relevant Series; 
(c) 
agreement with the Issuer on any exchange or substitution of the Notes of relevant Series 
for, or the conversion of the Notes of relevant Series into, any other obligations or securities 
of the Issuer or any other person;  
(d) 
in connection with any exchange, substitution or conversion of the type referred to in 
paragraph (c) agreement with the Issuer to amend any of the provisions of the relevant 
Series describing circumstances in which the relevant Series may be redeemed or declared 
due and payable prior to their scheduled maturity. 
(x) 
Consent of simple majority of all Noteholders or the Noteholders of the respective Series (as 
applicable) attending the Noteholders’ Meeting or participating in the Written Procedure (i.e. 
replying to the request) is required to the decisions not covered in paragraph (viii) or (ix) above 
(as applicable). 
(xi) 
The Issuer shall have a right to increase the aggregate principal amount of the Notes to be issued 
under the Programme without the consent of the Noteholders. 
(xii) 
Information about decisions taken at the Noteholders’ Meeting or by way of the Written Procedure 
shall promptly be provided to the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 20 (Notices), provided 
that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any decision made or voting result achieved.  
(xiii) Decisions passed at the Noteholders’ Meeting or in the Written Procedure shall be binding on all 
Noteholders irrespective of whether they participated at the Noteholders' Meeting or in the Written 
Procedure. 
(xiv) All expenses in relation to the convening and holding the Noteholders' Meeting or a Written 
Procedure shall be covered by the Issuer.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
22.2. Noteholders’ Meetings 
(i) 
If a decision of the Noteholders is intended to be passed at the Noteholders’ Meeting, then a 
respective notice of the Noteholders’ Meeting shall be provided to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Clause 20 (Notices) no later than 10 (ten) Business Days prior to the meeting. Furthermore, 
the notice shall specify the time, place and agenda of the meeting, as well as any action required 
on the part of the Noteholders that will attend the meeting. No matters other than those referred 
to in the notice may be resolved at the Noteholders’ Meeting. 
(ii) 
The Noteholders’ Meeting shall be held in Riga, Latvia, and its chairman shall be the Issuer’s 
representative appointed by the Issuer.  
(iii) 
The Noteholders’ Meeting shall be organised by the chairman of the Noteholders’ Meeting. 
(iv) 
The Noteholders’ Meeting shall be held in English with translation into Latvian, unless the 
Noteholders present in the respective Noteholders’ Meeting unanimously decide that the 
respective Noteholders’ Meeting shall be held only in Latvian or English. 
(v) 
Representatives of the Issuer and persons authorised to act for the Issuer may attend and speak 
at the Noteholders’ Meeting. 
(vi) 
Minutes of the Noteholders’ Meeting shall be kept, recording the day and time of the meeting, 
attendees, their votes represented, matters discussed, results of voting, and resolutions which 
were adopted. The minutes shall be signed by the keeper of the minutes, which shall be appointed 
by the Noteholders’ Meeting. The minutes shall be attested by the chairman of the Noteholders’ 
Meeting, if the chairman is not the keeper of the minutes, as well as by one of the persons 
appointed by the Noteholders’ Meeting to attest the minutes. The minutes from the relevant 
Noteholders’ Meeting shall at the request of a Noteholder be sent to it by the Issuer.  
22.3. Written Procedure 
(i) 
If a decision of the Noteholders is intended to be passed by the Written Procedure then a 
respective communication of the Written Procedure shall be provided to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Clause 20 (Notices).  
(ii) 
Communication in paragraph (i) above shall include:  
(a) 
each request for a decision by the Noteholders;  
(b) 
a description of the reasons for each request;  
(c) 
a specification of the Business Day on which a person must be registered as a Noteholder 
in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights;  
(d) 
instructions and directions on where to receive a form for replying to the request (such form 
to include an option to vote “yes” or “no” for each request), as well as a form of a power of 
attorney; and 
(e) 
the stipulated time period within which the Noteholder must reply to the request (such time 
period to last at least 10 (ten) Business Days from the communication pursuant to 
paragraph (i) above) and a manner of a reply. 
(iii) 
When the requisite majority consents pursuant to paragraphs (viii), (ix) or (x) (as applicable) of 
Clause 22.1 have been received in a Written Procedure, the relevant decision shall be deemed 
to be adopted pursuant to paragraphs (viii), (ix) or (x) (as applicable) of Clause 22.1 even if the 
time period for replies in the Written Procedure has not yet expired.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
23. 
Governing law and dispute resolution 
23.1. The Notes are governed by the laws of the Republic of Latvia. 
23.2. Any disputes relating to or arising in relation to the Notes shall be settled solely by the courts of the 
Republic of Latvia of competent jurisdiction.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Base Prospectus 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS  
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, 
a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) ("MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
(as amended or superseded), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS  
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA/UK MiFIR. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II Product Governance / Eligible Counterparties and Professional Clients Only Target Market  
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer['s/s'] product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
UK MiFIR Product Governance / Eligible Counterparties and Professional Investors Only Target Market 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, 
as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
Latvenergo AS 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 213800DJRB539Q1EMW75 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] Notes due [●] 
under the Third programme for the issuance of Notes in the amount of EUR 200,000,000  
[to be consolidated and form a single series with [●]]  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the General Terms and 
Conditions set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 20 April 2022 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation] (the “Base 
Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”).  
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the 
offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base 
Prospectus.  
The Base Prospectus has been published on the Issuer’s website www.latvenergo.lv. 
A summary of the individual issue is annexed to these Final Terms. 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
Latvenergo AS 
 
 
2. 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
 
3. 
Tranche Number: 
[●]  
 
 
4. 
ISIN: 
[[●]]/[Temporary ISIN: [●]. Upon admission of the Notes to the 
regulated market the Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
series with [●] and will have a common ISIN [●]] 
 
 
5. 
Aggregate principal amount: 
[EUR [●] [in addition to [●]]] 
 
 
6. 
Nominal amount of the Note: 
EUR [●] 
 
 
7. 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
 
8. 
Annual Interest Rate: 
[●] 
 
 
9. 
Interest Payment Date: 
[●] each year 
 
 
10. 
Maturity Date: 
[●] 
 
 
11. 
Minimum Investment Amount: 
[●] 
 
 
12. 
Issue Price: 
[●] 
 
 
13. 
Yield: 
[●]  
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue 
Price. It is not an indication of future yield  
 
 
14. 
Placement Period: 
[●]

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
15. 
Name 
of 
the 
Settlement 
Agent: 
[●] 
 
 
16. 
Rating: 
the Notes to be issued [are not/have been/are expected to be] 
rated [by:[●]] 
 
 
17. 
Use of Proceeds: 
[General Corporate Purposes]/[Green Bonds]. 
 
 
18. 
Information 
about 
the 
securities of the Issuer that 
are 
already 
admitted 
to 
trading: 
[●] 
 
These Final Terms have been approved by the Management Board of the Issuer at its meeting on [date] 
[month] [year]. 
 
Riga, [date] [month] [year] 
 
[●]

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from the issue of each Series of Notes will, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, be used by the Issuer as follows: 
(i) 
where “General Corporate Purposes” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, for its general corporate 
purposes; or 
(ii) 
where “Green Bonds” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will apply an amount 
equivalent to the net proceeds from such issue of Notes specifically to finance or refinance, in part or in 
full, projects in renewable energy and related infrastructure, energy efficiency and environmentally 
sustainable management of living natural resources and land use, as set out in the Green Bond 
Framework available on the Issuer's website www.latvenergo.lv.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP 
General information 
The legal and commercial name of the Company is Latvenergo AS. The Company is a public limited company 
(akciju sabiedrība) incorporated pursuant to the laws of the Republic of Latvia on 8 October 1991. The 
Company is registered with the Commercial Register of the Republic of Latvia and operates according to the 
legislation of the Republic of Latvia. All the shares of the Company are owned by the Republic of Latvia and 
held by the Ministry of Economics of the Republic of Latvia. 
Basic information 
Registration number:  
40003032949 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 213800DJRB539Q1EMW75 
Registered address: 
Pulkveža Brieža 12, Riga, LV-1230, Latvia  
Website: 
 
www.latvenergo.lv 
Telephone number: 
+371 67 728 222 
E-mail: 
 
info@latvenergo.lv 
The information on the Company’s website www.latvenergo.lv does not form part of the Base Prospectus, 
other than the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework, which is available on the Company’s website 
www.latvenergo.lv and is incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus and forms a part of the Base 
Prospectus. 
History and development of the Group  
In October 1939, the first hydroelectric unit of Kegums hydropower plant - the first hydropower plant on the 
Daugava River – was launched. 
On 22 December 1939, the National Electricity Company Kegums was founded, which is the historical starting 
point of the Group. 
In the second half of the 20th century, a power system in the territory of Latvia was developed and the 
electrification of Latvia was launched. The main power plants were constructed and gradually put into 
operation, including Plavinas HPP (1965) and Riga HPP (1974) on the Daugava River, Latvenergo AS CHPP-
1 (1955) and Latvenergo AS CHPP-2 (1975). The transmission and distribution systems were established 
during the respective time period. 
From 1990-2014, reconstruction and renovation work was carried out on the power stations and transmission 
and distributions systems in order to improve capacity, efficiency and safety. 
In 2001, the electric power transmission segment was separated from the operations of the Company and the 
wholly owned subsidiary Augstsprieguma tīkls AS was established. In 2005, Augstsprieguma tīkls AS started 
to function as a legally independent transmission system operator. 
In 2005, a 51 per-cent controlling share in Liepājas Enerģija SIA was acquired. The Company's subsidiary 
deals with electricity and thermal energy generation, transmission and sales in the Liepaja district (Latvia).  
In 2006, the electric power distribution segment was separated from the operations of the Company and the 
wholly owned subsidiary Sadales tīkls AS was established. In 2007, Sadales tīkls AS started to function as a 
legally independent distribution system operator. 
In 2007-2008, the Group expanded its business abroad. The Company’s wholly owned subsidiaries 
Latvenergo Kaubandus OÜ (in Estonia) and Latvenergo Prekyba UAB (in Lithuania) were established within 
the main business area – electricity trade – in each country. In 2012, the Estonian and Lithuanian subsidiaries

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
were rebranded as Elektrum and registered as Elektrum Eesti OÜ (in Estonia) and Elektrum Lietuva, UAB (in 
Lithuania). 
In 2011-2012, for the purpose of fulfilling the requirements of legal and functional unbundling of transmission 
system ownership from generation, distribution and supply activities, the Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary 
Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS was established as the owner of the electricity transmission system assets, and the 
transmission system operator Augstsprieguma tīkls AS was sold to the Republic of Latvia, represented by the 
Ministry of Finance. 
In 2014, a new wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company – Enerģijas publiskais tirgotājs AS – was established. 
In compliance with the Energy Law (in Latvian – Enerģētikas likums), the subsidiary performs the functions of 
public trader in Latvia.  
On 8 October 2019, the Cabinet of Ministers of the Republic of Latvia decided to support full unbundling of 
ownership of the electricity transmission system operator, and, therefore, in 2020, the transmission system 
asset owner Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS was separated from the Group. All shares of Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS 
were transferred to the Ministry of Economics and subsequently invested in the share capital of independent 
transmission system operator Augstsprieguma tīkls AS. 
In 2021, the legal form of the Company's subsidiary Enerģijas publiskais tirgotājs was changed from AS (public 
limited company; in Latvian - akciju sabiedrība) to SIA (limited liability company; in Latvian – sabiedrība ar 
ierobežotu atbildību). 
In 2021, Elektrum Eesti OÜ acquired shares in three micronetwork service companies in Estonia – Energiaturu 
Võrguehitus OÜ, SNL Energia 1 OÜ and Baltic Energy System OÜ.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Company is the parent company of the Group. The Group includes 
nine subsidiaries, eight of which are wholly-owned by the Company. 
Key consolidated financial figures 
The following table summarizes key consolidated financial data and operating figures as of and for each of the 
years ended 31 December 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2021. The information set out in the table below has 
been extracted (without any material adjustment) from, and is qualified by reference to and should be read in 
conjunction with the audited Group's consolidated and the Company's annual reports for the years ending 31 
December 2020 and 31 December 2021. 
 
 
Year ended 31 December  
 
 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
 
 
Revenue * 
€ million 
881 
839 
842 
773 
1,065 
EBITDA * 
€ million 
498 
282 
244 
278 
199 
Operating profit * 
€ million 
214 
82 
100 
121 
82 
Profit 
€ million 
322 
76 
94 
116 
72 
Total assets 
€ million 
4,416 
3,799 
3,865 
3,359 
3,476 
Total equity 
€ million 
2,847 
2,320 
2,265 
2,118 
2,123 
Adjusted funds from operations 
(FFO) 
€ million 
365 
210 
272 
269 
220 
Net Debt * 
€ million 
497 
505 
564 
556 
698 
Adjusted FFO to net debt 
per-cent   
71 
42 
51 
48 
35 
Capital expenditure 
€ million 
244 
221 
229 
169 
127 
Return on equity (ROE)  
per-cent   
12.2 
2.9 
4.1 
5.3 
3.4 
Adjusted 
ROE 
excluding 
distribution 
per-cent   
11.5 
2.6 
4.8 
7.7 
5.5 
Net debt to equity * 
per-cent   
17 
22 
25 
26 
33

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
Net debt to EBITDA * 
times  
1.0 
1.8 
2.2 
2.0 
3.2 
Net Cash-flow (the Group) 
 
 
-  from operating activities 
€ million 
338 
303 
315 
291 
132 
-  from financing activities 
€ million 
(56) 
(171) 
(67) 
(267) 
(49) 
-  from investing activities 
€ million 
(230) 
(238) 
(255) 
(46) 
(86) 
Operating Figures (the Group) 
Total electricity supply, incl.: 
GWh 
10,371 
9,984 
9,259 
8,854 
9,260 
Retail 1) 
GWh 
6,923 
6,954 
6,505 
6,394 
6,706 
Wholesale 2) 
GWh 
3,448 
3,030 
2,754 
2,460 
2,554 
Retail natural gas 
GWh 
33 
147 
303 
516 
1,026 
Electricity generated  
GWh 
5,734 
5,076 
4,880 
4,249 
4,517 
Thermal energy generated 
GWh 
2,612 
2,274 
1,842 
1,702 
2,072 
(*) Excluding discontinued operation (transmission system assets). On 10 June 2020, transmission system assets were separated from 
the Group 
1) Including operating consumption 
2) Including sale of energy purchased within mandatory procurement on the Nord Pool 
 
There have not been any recent material events that would be relevant for assessing solvency of the Company 
and the Group.  
The Group's strategy 
2021 was the last year the Group operated in line with the objectives and tasks set in its Medium-Term 
Operation Strategy for 2017–2022 by meeting the objectives of all three strategic goals identiﬁed: 
• 
strengthening a sustainable and economically sound market position in home markets - in the Baltics, 
while considering geographical and/or product/service expansion; 
• 
developing a generation portfolio adequate for synergy with trade and increasing the Group’s value; 
• 
developing a functional, safe, and efficient network corresponding to customer needs. 
The evaluation of the implementation of the Strategy 2017 - 2022 shows that it has been fulfilled - some of the 
goals have been achieved already well before the planned deadlines (trade, distribution), some need more 
ambition (generation portfolio diversification). 
Dynamic processes in the external environment: European Green Deal settings for ambitious and irreversible 
transformation of habits of all sectors and society, growing structural deficit of electricity supply in the Baltic 
region, geopolitical need to reduce Latvia's dependence on external energy supplies, the ambitious activities 
of the Group's most important competitors justified the need to fundamentally review the Group's strategic 
vision and set ambitious goals well before the formal end of the Strategy 2017-2022 period. 
The overall fulfilment of the objectives set in the Strategy 2017-2022 provided an opportunity to evaluate the 
achievements in time and to set goals and tasks for the new period of the strategy, also considering the 
dynamic changes in the external environment. Respectively, in 2021, the Medium-Term Operation Strategy for 
2022–2026 of the Group was drafted and in March 2022 approved by the Supervisory Board of the Company, 
which sets new strategic operational and financial targets for the coming years.  
The general strategic goal of the Company was approved by the Cabinet of Minister on 9 November 2021: to 
promote the competitiveness and growth of climate-neutral Latvia and increase the value of the Group in the 
domestic market in the Baltics and beyond through developing and providing goods and services in the energy 
and related business value chains in a sustainable, innovative and economically sound manner and the 
effective management of resources and infrastructure that are strategically important for the country’s 
development and security.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
The Group's Strategy 2022-2026 defines the strategic operational and financial goals and main development 
tasks of the Group. By implementing the strategy and at the same time adhering to the principles of 
sustainability, the Group is to promote the climate neutrality and increase the value of the Group in the Baltic 
market and beyond it by the development and provision of the goods and services in the energy and related 
business value chains in a sustainable, innovative, and economically sound manner and by efficiently 
managing strategically important resources and infrastructure. 
Considering the external circumstances, and the clear vision to focus on growth and moving towards climate 
neutrality, the need to reduce Latvia's dependence on external energy supplies dictated by geopolitical 
conditions, the Group has set the following strategic priorities for the period of 2022-2026: 
• 
an ambitious growth program for growing the generation portfolio with a focus on wind and solar 
generation capacities across the Baltic market and abroad; 
• 
strengthening the sales position in the Baltic market with both traditional energy products and new 
innovative services and products; 
• 
geographical expansion with an integrated model;  
• 
rapid growth in the electromobility segment of the Baltic market; 
• 
increasing the value of existing assets and strengthening business lines; 
• 
distribution system - secure and efficient two-way network, interoperable for processors and 
electrification. 
The following strategic objectives have been defined to meet the objectives and strategic priorities of the overall 
strategic goal:  
• 
generation: to expand and diversify the generation portfolio with green technologies. To make a 
decisive contribution to achieving the goals of the European Green Deal by expanding and diversifying 
its generation portfolio with green technologies, reducing Latvia's energy dependence, and moving 
towards climate neutrality in 2050 with the following goals: to ensure stable, efficient, and economically 
justified operation of CHPPs in the long run; grow the renewable energy sources (RES) generation 
portfolio by developing new capacities of 600 MW by 2026, focusing on wind and solar generation 
plants, in the Baltic market and beyond. 
On 22 February 2022, the Cabinet of Ministers of the Republic of Latvia conceptually supported the 
intention of the Company and Latvijas valsts meži AS to establish a joint venture for the development 
of wind farms in Latvia. For the further progress of the project, the Ministry of Economics must prepare 
the necessary amendments to the regulatory enactments for the development of wind farms in Latvia, 
as well as obtain a permit from the Cabinet of Ministers to establish a joint venture between the 
Company and Latvijas valsts meži AS; 
• 
trade: to strengthen Elektrum's position as the most valuable energy trader in the Baltics, focusing on 
portfolio growth in strategic customer segments, revenue diversification and development of customer-
friendly, innovative and sustainable products and services in the energy and related value chain. This 
goal includes development of new products and services to complement the traditional ones and 
promote synergy with the current business lines and customer base. The goal also envisages 
excellence in the Group’s trade operations and cost efficiency. The Group is one of the largest energy 
service providers in the Baltics and currently operates in all energy trading segments in Latvia, 
Lithuania, and Estonia, including Lithuanian household electricity market that has started to gradually 
open for competition at the beginning of 2021; 
• 
electromobility: to develop electrification of the transport sector. The purpose of electromobility is to 
promote sustainable and smart mobility for all by developing electrification in the transport sector. 
Achievable result indicator: 1200 -1500 electric charging public ports in the Baltics have been built /

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
acquired by 2026. The Group continues to strengthen its position in the field of electromobility. At the 
end of 2021, with 90 charging ports in nine Latvian cities, Elektrum is one of the largest electric car 
charging networks in Latvia. Some charging ports are installed together with partners;  
• 
distribution: to ensure a sustainable and economically viable distribution service and improve the 
security and quality of electricity supply. Distribution objective: provision of a sustainable and 
economically sound service through efficient management of resources and improvement of security 
and quality of electricity supply, which is important for economic competitiveness and growth, while 
promoting climate neutrality goals with ambitious goals:  
o 
systematic and cost-effective improvement of electricity supply quality and security; 
o 
establishment of a two-way network in accordance with the balanced development trends of 
microgeneration; 
o 
digital transformation and efficiency.  
The most important achievable performance indicators: reduced system average interruption duration   
index (total) to 164 min per year; reduced system average interruption frequency index (total) to 1.92 
times per year; the development of the network will support the establishment of 600 public connection 
points for charging electric cars and the development of distributed RES generation, preventing 224.7 
thousand t of CO2 emissions; limiting cost growth to at least one percentage point below the level of 
the labour cost index and at least one percentage point below the level of the consumer price index. 
In 2017, the Group launched the efficiency programme - the largest optimization plan in the last 
decade, which allows the Group to maintain and enhance its long-term value and competitiveness. 
Within the framework of the programme the structure of Sadales tīkls AS is reorganized, processes 
are centralized and the number of vehicles, maintenance depots and employees are significantly 
reduced;  
• 
sustainability: sustainability means that in its operations, the Group develops innovative products, 
services and processes that contribute to the implementation of the UN Sustainable Development 
Goals, with a special focus on the 7th, 9th, 13th sustainability goals, including the climate, corporate 
social responsibility (CSR) and innovation sub-goals. In the field of climate neutrality, the Group plans 
to increase the share of RES capacity in the generation portfolio to 80 per cent. in 2030, and to achieve 
climate neutrality in 2050, by avoiding greenhouse gas emissions of 2.6 million t through diversification 
of the generation portfolio and other measures by 2026 and 17.8 million t by 2030. The focus of CSR 
is on voluntary activities for the development of education and science, strengthening cooperation with 
local communities and the environment. In the field of innovation, it is planned to introduce and practice 
a culture that promotes innovation throughout the Group to meet the business needs of the Group by 
innovating technologies, products, and processes. 
The following financial objectives have been set to meet the objectives and strategic priorities of the overall 
strategic goal:  
• 
profitability: return on equity (ROE) excluding distribution > 7 per-cent;  
• 
capital structure: ratio between adjusted funds from the operation and net debt (FFO/Net Debt) > 
25 per-cent;  
• 
dividend policy: dividend payout ratio > 64 per-cent;  
• 
credit rating: an investment-grade credit rating.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP’S BUSINESS OPERATIONS 
The operations of the Group are organised along two operating segments:  
(i) generation and trade; and  
(ii) distribution.  
The generation and trade segment includes generation of electricity and thermal energy, conducted by the 
Company and Liepājas enerģija SIA, as well as electricity and natural gas trade in the Baltics carried out by 
the Company and its subsidiaries Elektrum Eesti OÜ and Elektrum Lietuva, UAB and administration of the 
mandatory electricity procurement process in Latvia handled by the Company’s subsidiary Enerģijas publiskais 
tirgotājs SIA. 
The distribution segment provides electricity distribution services in Latvia. The services are provided by the 
Company’s subsidiary Sadales tīkls AS – the largest distribution system operator in Latvia.  
Until 9 June 2020, the Group's operations also included third segment - the lease of transmission system 
assets.  On 10 June 2020, the Company’s subsidiary Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS (the transmission system asset 
owner and provider of services of this segment) was separated from the Group.  
The information set out in the table below has been extracted (without any material adjustment) from, and is 
qualified by reference to and should be read in conjunction with the audited Group's consolidated and the 
Company's annual reports for the years ending 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021. 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
Key financial data divided in the operating segments: 
 
(€ million) 
Revenue 
926 
878 
878 
789 
1,065 
Generation and trade 
556 
512 
518 
471 
754 
Distribution 
321 
323 
320 
295 
303 
    Lease of transmission system assets 
    (discontinued operation) 
47 
42 
40 
16 
0 
Other* 
2 
1 
0 
7 
8 
EBITDA 
542 
322 
281 
294 
199 
Generation and trade** 
373 
147 
103 
159 
80 
Distribution 
112 
120 
125 
106 
106 
Lease of transmission system assets 
(discontinued operation) 
45 
41 
40 
16 
0 
Other* 
12 
14 
13 
13 
13 
Assets 
4,416 
3,799 
3,865 
3,359 
3,476 
Generation and trade 
1,957 
1,329 
1,354 
1,264 
1,473 
Distribution 
1,641 
1,670 
1,681 
1,795 
1,801 
Lease of transmission system assets 
(discontinued operation) 
501 
579 
642 
0 
0 
Other* 
317 
221 
188 
300 
202 
* Including corporate functions, adjustments and eliminations 
** Includes one-off compensation: EUR 140 million in 2017, EUR 81 million in 2018 and EUR 24 million in 2019, 2020 and 2021. For more 
detailed information please see Note 14 d (I) of the Latvenergo Group Consolidated and Latvenergo AS Annual Report 2021 
 
The Group reports financial results in respect of each operating segment since 2011. 
Generation and trade 
Generation and trade was the largest business segment of the Group by revenue in 2021.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
Activities within this segment include electricity and thermal energy generation operations, electricity and 
natural gas trade in the Baltics and administration of mandatory procurement in Latvia.  
The majority of generation and trade segment revenues are unregulated, while the tariff-regulated operational 
revenues comprise revenues from: 
• 
generation of electricity (payment for installed capacity) and thermal energy at the CHPPs; 
• 
generation of electricity and thermal energy at the Liepaja generation facilities and Aiviekste HPP. 
In 2021, the majority or 89 per-cent of the revenue of the segment was comprised of electricity, natural gas 
trade and related supply services revenue, while thermal energy revenue accounted for 11 per-cent. 
The generation business is subdivided according to generation types – the HPPs, the CHPPs and other 
generation units. The total installed electrical capacity of the Group’s plants is 2,606 MW, of which 40 per-cent 
is installed at the CHPPs and 60 per-cent at the HPPs. The total installed thermal energy capacity of the Group 
is 1,797 MW. 
In 2021, due to significantly higher electricity purchase prices as well as higher natural gas and CO2 emission 
allowance prices EBITDA of this segment significantly decreased. In 2021, two thirds of the electricity sold to 
customers was generated at the Group's plants, the remaining part was bought on the market at a higher price 
than fixed in the agreements with customers. In 2021, the average annual electricity spot price in Latvia was 
more than two and a half times higher compared to the previous year. The average annual price of natural gas 
was almost five times higher, and the average price of CO2 emission allowances was more than two times 
higher. 
Trade 
The Group trades electricity and natural gas in the Baltic States under the Elektrum brand. The Group is one 
of the leading energy traders in the Baltic States. In 2021, its market share accounted for about 23 per-cent of 
the Baltic electricity market. 
The size of the Baltic electricity market was approximately 29 TWh in 2021. The largest market is in Lithuania, 
with 12 TWh, followed by the Estonian market with 9 TWh and the Latvian market with 7 TWh. The Lithuanian 
market is also the largest Baltic market in terms of number of customers. The Estonian electricity market is the 
largest among the three Baltic countries measured by per capita electricity consumption. The relatively higher 
electricity consumption level in Estonia is explained by the country’s substantial level of industrialization and a 
relatively higher number of homes heated with electricity. 
The Group is the electricity trade market leader in Latvia, holding 54 per-cent market share in 2021. The 
Group’s market share in Lithuania was 13 per-cent and Estonia – 12 per-cent in 2021. The Group’s main 
competitor in the Baltic market is Eesti Energia AS, the market leader in Estonia. The market is more 
fragmented in Lithuania, where the Group is among the largest market players. 
The amount of electricity supplied by the Group in the Baltics was 6,706 GWh in 2021. The overall amount of 
retail electricity trade outside Latvia accounted for about 40 per cent of the total, reaching 2,707 GWh in 2021. 
With the liberalization of the natural gas market, in 2017, the Group commenced natural gas sales to customers 
in the Baltics. In 2021, natural gas retail sales of the Group amounted to 1,026 GWh, which is 2 times more 
than in 2020. The increase in natural gas sales can be observed in all three Baltic States, due to the positive 
dynamics of the number of customers, especially in the segments of Latvian households and Lithuanian 
business customers. 
The Group's strategic goals envisage development of new products and services to complement the traditional 
ones and promote synergy with the current business lines and customer base. The products and services are 
designed for different consumption and usage patterns, so that each customer can choose the most suitable 
offer. The Group provides: Elektrum Solar service, which allows for electricity generation using solar panels;

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
Elektrum electrical vehicle charging network; Elektrum Insured services; Elektrum e-shop, which offers electric 
appliances and other products and services. In 2021, Elektrum finished solar panel park construction in 
Lithuania with total installed capacity of 1.5 MW. The capacity of solar panel park is fully sold to final customers 
within the distant net metering system, which from the Baltic States exists only in Lithuania. Several other 
similar projects have been started in Lithuania with a total capacity of around 20 MW, part of which is already 
reserved by final costumers. 
In 2021, the Group had 755 thousand customers across the Baltics, including more than 90 thousand outside 
of Latvia. Of these, 96 per-cent were households and 4 per-cent were business customers. 
In January 2022, the Saeima of the Republic of Latvia adopted a law on measures to reduce the extraordinary 
rise in energy prices. The aim of this law is to reduce the negative socioeconomic impact on the well-being of 
the population and economic growth, which is associated with an unprecedented sharp rise in energy prices. 
The law provides for various types of support measures to legal and natural persons to partially compensate 
the rising costs of energy resources for four months (from 1 January to 30 April 2022). In total, four support 
measures are included to reduce the costs of electricity, heat and natural gas. The necessary financing for the 
implementation of the support measures specified by law is EUR 250 million, which will be provided from the 
state budget programme “Contingency Funds”. Various state support mechanisms for reducing energy prices 
have been established in Estonia and Lithuania as well. 
Mandatory procurement 
Electricity mandatory procurement is a state-regulated support mechanism for electricity generators in Latvia. 
It is implemented as electricity procurement or guaranteed payments for the capacity installed at power plants. 
The right to sell electricity generated within mandatory procurement or receive guaranteed payments for the 
installed capacity at power plants is granted to generators who generate electricity in efficient cogeneration or 
from renewable energy sources. Cogeneration plants with installed capacity above 4 MW receive support in 
the form of a payment for the guaranteed capacity. The right to receive support in the form of mandatory 
procurement is granted by the Ministry of Economics; however, the issuance of new permits has been 
suspended since 2012. The provisions for electricity generation, the mandatory procurement pricing and the 
amount of guaranteed capacity payments are governed by regulations of the Cabinet of Ministers. The amount 
of the mandatory procurement support depends on the type of energy source used (wind, water, biomass, 
biogas or natural gas), the installed capacity, and, for natural gas cogeneration plants, the cost of natural gas. 
In accordance with the Electricity Market Law (in Latvian – Elektroenerģijas tirgus likums), as of 1 April 2014, 
the functions of public trader (administration of mandatory procurement in Latvia) are performed by the 
Company’s subsidiary Enerģijas publiskais tirgotājs SIA.  
The public trader is compensated for mandatory procurement net expenditures 1 through the mandatory 
procurement public service obligation fee (the “PSO Fee”) paid by the end-users in Latvia and the State budget 
grants. The amount of the PSO Fee is determined based on actual expenditures in the preceding year as 
approved by the Public Utilities Commission.  PSO Fee in end users’ accounts consists of a variable part and 
a fixed part. The variable part is calculated in proportion to the electricity consumption and the fixed part (the 
capacity component) depends on the type of system service used. The amount of the PSO Fee is set on the 
basis of the mandatory procurement costs of the preceding year and is approved by the Public Utilities 
Commission. The average PSO Fee is reduced by 57 per-cent – from 1.751 EUR / KWh to 0.755 EUR / KWh 
starting from 1 January 2022. The PSO Fee reduction is mainly driven by rising energy prices in the day-ahead 
market, reducing the need for subsidies, and partially will be financed by a grant from the State budget. 
 
 
1 Mandatory procurement net expenditures – costs of electricity procured within the mandatory procurement process and guaranteed 
payments for installed capacity at power plants minus revenues from trade of procured electricity on the Nord Pool exchange

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
Since 2017, support through the reduced PSO Fee for energy-intensive processing industry companies has 
also been provided. The Ministry of Economics decides on the reduction of the PSO Fee payments for energy-
intensive companies. The PSO Fee reduction is financed by the State budget grants. 
On 17 September 2020, at the first reading the Saeima supported the amendments to the Electricity Market 
Law (in Latvian –  Elektroenerģijas tirgus likums). The draft law provides reduction of support for electrical 
capacity installed and electricity generated under mandatory procurement scheme. Also, it provides 
termination of the order that mandatory procurement costs are borne by the final consumers, but still envisages 
the current role of the public trader in mandatory procurement scheme and that mandatory procurement 
administration costs are compensated to the public trader by the State budget. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, Economic, Agricultural, Environmental and Regional Policy Committee of Saeima continues to 
review the submitted proposals to second reading of the amendments to the Electricity Market Law. For the 
time being it is difficult to foresee whether or when the amendments to the Electricity Market Law could be 
adopted and come into force. 
Wholesale  
Since 2014, the Group has traded all its electricity on the Nord Pool exchange and at the same time procured 
electricity to supply customer consumption, increasing electricity supply and turnover in the Latvian bidding 
area. The generation capacity of the Group also ensures the electricity supply support services, such as 
provision of emergency back-up capacity and supply of regulating electricity to transmission system operators 
as well as supply of balancing electricity.  
The electricity wholesale process is targeted at cost optimisation and provides economic benefits to both the 
Group and its customers. Generation volumes of the CHPPs and the HPPs are linked to economically 
equivalent volumes of customer portfolios, thus achieving cost effectiveness while excluding internal price risks 
between sale and purchase transactions. The Group’s customer portfolio can be made larger than its 
generation volumes by making use of the flexibility of the Group’s generation assets, switching between 
electricity supply sources: the power exchange and the Group’s own power plants. This way, the Group can 
fulfil the profit potential of sales of the electricity generated while utilising possibilities to reduce the cost of 
procuring electricity necessary for customers. 
Generation 
As of the end of 2021, the Group has a balanced and environmentally friendly energy generation portfolio, 
consisting mostly of the HPPs and highly efficient CHPPs. Most of the electricity and thermal energy is 
generated by the three Daugava HPPs and two CHPPs. Energy is also generated by Liepājas enerģija SIA, 
Aiviekste HPP and Ainazi Wind Power Plant (WPP).  
The total electrical capacity of generators installed at the Group’s production facilities as of 31 December 2021 
was 2,606 MWel, whereas the total heat generation capacity of installed thermal generation facilities was 
1,797 MWth. 
The Group’s installed electrical capacity as of 31 December 2021: 
 
31 December 2021 
 
(MWel) 
Daugava HPPs 
1,558 
Latvenergo AS CHPPs* 
1,039 
Liepaja plants and small plants 
9 
Total 
2,606 
  *installed capacity in condensation mode

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
The Group’s thermal energy capacity of installed generation facilities as of 31 December 2021: 
 
31 December 2021 
 
(MWth) 
CHPPs 
1,617 
Liepaja plants 
180 
Total 
1,797 
 
Generation at the HPPs 
The Group’s three largest HPPs – the Plavinas, Kegums and Riga plants - are located on the Daugava River. 
These are the biggest HPPs in the country, providing a large share of renewable energy not only in the Group, 
but also in Latvia. 
In 2021, the HPPs on the Daugava River generated more than 2.6 TWh of electricity, which constituted almost 
60 per-cent of the Group’s total electricity output. The output of the HPPs was 4 per-cent higher than in 2020. 
The output of the HPPs was 9 per-cent lower than the long-term average value for the period 1992-2021 (2.9 
TWh). Although, the HPPs have a large installed capacity, their ability to generate electricity is dependent on 
the water inﬂow. The average water inflow in the Daugava River in 2021 was 497 m3/s and it was 15 per-cent 
lower than the long-term average value. According to the Latvian Environment, Geology and Meteorology 
Centre, the average water inflow in the Daugava River was 588 m3/s for the period 1992–2021. In years with 
normal inflow levels, the HPPs usually operate at full capacity only during spring ﬂooding, which typically lasts 
for about two months annually. During this period, the water volume may exceed water inflow during low water 
periods (mainly during the summer months) more than ten times. During the spring flood, it is possible to cover 
the demand for electricity of all the Group’s customers and trade the excess on the Nord Pool exchange. 
Outside the flooding season, the HPPs on the Daugava River provide for the possibility to accumulate water 
and generate electricity when the demand and prices on the exchange are higher. 
The Plavinas HPP is the largest HPP in the Baltics in terms of installed capacity. It plays an important role in 
ensuring the stability of the Baltic power system in the event of unplanned outages or accidents at base plants. 
It started operations in 1968 with ten hydropower units with a total capacity of 825 MWel at that time. Following 
a reconstruction of the hydropower units, the plant’s installed capacity was increased, resulting in a total 
capacity of 908 MWel as of 31 December 2021. The reconstruction of the hydropower units has resulted not 
only in increased capacities and efficiency ratios, but also in an increased share of energy produced from 
renewable sources. 
The Kegums HPP is the oldest HPP on the Daugava River, built from 1936-1939 and restored from 1945-
1947. The installed capacity of the plant reaches 248 MWel. Currently, reconstruction of the plant's hydropower 
units is in progress. 
The Riga HPP entered into service in 1974 and has six hydropower units with a total capacity of 402 MWel. 
Currently, reconstruction of hydropower units of the plant is in progress. 
Generation at the CHPPs 
The CHPPs are mostly operated in a highly efficient cogeneration mode in accordance with the thermal energy 
demand. The CHPPs operate efficiently and flexibly, and the operating modes of the CHPPs are adjusted to 
the electricity market conditions. In 2021, the CHPPs generated 1.9 TWh of electricity and 1.8 TWh of thermal 
energy.  
The CHPPs receive electricity capacity payments. The support period ends in 2028. In 2021, the Company 
received EUR 21 million as the annual electrical capacity payments for the CHPPs. In 2017, the Company 
received a one-off compensation from the state in the amount of EUR 454.4 million, at the same time opting 
out of the receipt of 75 per-cent of the annual electrical capacity payments for the CHPPs. The compensation 
was financed by the capital release of the Company and was divided into two parts: EUR 140 million were 
recognized as other income in the profit and loss statement of the Company in 2017, while EUR 314 million

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
were recognized as income spread evenly over the following reporting periods until fulfilment of liabilities at 
the end of the support period. In 2018, the Cabinet of Ministers decided to extend additional compensation in 
the amount of EUR 51.7 million by reducing the remaining part of the compensation proportionally to this 
amount until the end of the support period. As the result of this, EUR 81 million were recognized as other 
income in the Company's statement of profit or loss in 2018 and EUR 24 million in 2019, 2020 and 2021. 
 
The thermal energy generated at the CHPPs is sold to Rīgas siltums AS at regulated tariffs. The Group 
competes with other thermal energy generators in the thermal energy market of Riga.  
Latvenergo AS CHPP-1 was built from 1954 -1958 and fully reconstructed in 2005. The installed electrical 
capacity and thermal capacity at Latvenergo AS CHPP-1 is 158 MWel and 493 MWth respectively. 
Latvenergo AS CHPP-2 is the most efficient and advanced combined-cycle power plant in the Baltics, which 
was launched in 1973. The reconstruction of Latvenergo AS CHPP-2 was commenced in 2006. The 
construction of the first power unit was completed in 2008, and the second unit was commissioned at the end 
of 2013. With the commissioning of the second power unit, the electrical capacity of Latvenergo AS CHPP-2 
in cogeneration mode reached 832 MWel, and the total thermal energy capacity of the two power units is 544 
MWth. The total thermal energy capacity of Latvenergo AS CHPP-2, including water boilers, is 1,124 MWth.  
The CHPPs comprise a guarantee of electricity base-load capacity and can cover almost all of Latvian 
electricity consumption in circumstances where due to certain factors electricity import from foreign countries 
is limited. 
Other generation units 
The Company holds 51 per-cent of the equity in Liepājas enerģija SIA. This company primary ensures 
generation and supply of thermal energy to Liepaja, a city in Latvia. The total installed thermal energy capacity 
of the Liepaja plants as of 31 December 2021 was 180 MWth, including 42 MWth from a renewable resource 
(wood chips). Installed electrical capacity totalled 6 MWel.  
Generation facilities within the energy system of the Group also include two small power plants: the Ainazi 
wind power plant (WPP) with a capacity of 1.0 MWel, and the newly renovated Aiviekste HPP with a capacity 
of 1.5 MWel.  
Distribution  
Distribution was the largest operating segment within the Group in terms of asset value and EBITDA in 2021. 
Its operations involve provision of distribution services to approximately 800 thousand customers in Latvia at 
regulated tariffs. The Public Utilities Commission develops the methodology and approves tariffs for distribution 
system operators. The tariff regulation methodology provides elements of a revenue cap approach with 
efficiency factors, a regulatory account, and a five-year regulatory period. The methodology incentives to 
reduce service costs and guarantees their recovery. 
The distribution system service is provided by the Company’s subsidiary Sadales tīkls AS, the largest 
distribution system operator in Latvia. The distribution system operator ensures equal access to electricity 
distribution networks, which is one of the prerequisites for facilitating competition on the electricity market in 
Latvia. The electricity distribution network ensures the ﬂow of electricity from the electricity transmission 
network and electricity generators to electricity consumers. The total length of low and medium-voltage cable 
and overhead lines at the end of 2021 was 92,430 km, with 30,461 transformers and 28,386 transformer 
substations with a total installed capacity of 5,951 MVA. The total volume of distributed electricity in 2021 was 
6,470 GWh, and electricity losses were 3.8 per-cent. 
Since 2017, Sadales tīkls AS has been implementing an efficiency programme, which comprises process 
reviews, decreasing the number of employees and vehicles, and optimizing the number of technical and 
support real estate bases. The measures taken by Sadales tīkls AS within the framework of the efficiency 
improvement programme contributed to a 5.5 per-cent reduction in the average distribution system service 
tariff as of 1 January 2020.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
In the electricity distribution service tariff calculation, the pre-tax real weighted average cost of capital (WACC) 
rate was set at 3.31 per-cent. Since allowed revenue is calculated in real terms, an adjustment of the regulated 
asset base (RAB) is based on revaluation. 
Taking into account the extraordinary increase in energy prices in 2021, the government granted support for 
electricity distribution fee to all end-users (while not changing the distribution system tariffs), in the amount of 
50 per-cent from 1 to 31 December 2021 and in the amount of 100 per-cent from 1 January to 30 April 2022, 
which is funded by the state budget. 
 
Investments 
The Group’s operations are capital intensive and require significant investments. The following table 
summarises the total investments of the Group for the period 2017-2021. The information set out in the table 
below has been extracted (without any material adjustment) from, and is qualified by reference to and should 
be read in conjunction with the audited Group's consolidated and the Company's annual reports for the years 
ending 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021. 
 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
 
(€ million) 
Capital expenditure 
244 
221 
229 
169 
127 
        incl. 
transmission 
system 
assets 
(discontinued operation) 
63 
87 
87 
29 
0 
 
Along with the unbundling of transmission assets (see information before), the scope of investments in the 
coming years will decrease significantly. 
On-going investments (committed capital expenditures) as of 31 December 2021 
The table below provides information as of 31 December 2021 on contractually committed capital investments 
of the Group. 
 
 
2022 
 
Later 
 
(€ million) 
Generation 
 
 
33 
 
36 
     incl. Daugava HPPs reconstruction 
 
22 
 
23 
Distribution 
 
32 
 
0 
Other 
 
1 
 
0 
Total committed 
 
65 
 
36 
 
According to the development plan of Sadales tīkls AS, large investments are made in the maintenance and 
development of distribution networks each year. In 2021, investments in the distribution segment comprised 
EUR 84.8 million or approximately two thirds of the total amount of the Group's investment. Investments in the 
distribution segment are focused on modernisation of lines and reconstruction of transformer substations 
(67 per-cent of distribution investments in 2021). Other major areas of investment include connections of new 
customers (23 per-cent) and introduction of smart electricity meters (6 per-cent). Distribution investments 
exceeded the segment's depreciation in 2021 (EUR 83.0 million). 
The Group has one major on-going committed investment project - the reconstruction project of the Daugava 
HPPs. Other commitments comprise regular maintenance and replacements. 
Daugava HPPs hydropower unit reconstruction programme 
The Group is pursuing gradual reconstruction of 11 Daugava HPPs hydropower units. The total estimated 
costs of Daugava HPPs hydropower unit reconstruction programme exceed EUR 260 million.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
As of 31 December 2021, seven reconstructed hydropower units have been put into operation within the 
programme and work completed within the scope of the contract reached EUR 196 million. The Group is 
proceeding with a gradual overhaul of 4 Daugava HPPs’ hydropower units. The rest of the HPPs’ hydropower 
units were reconstructed fairly recently. 
Financing 
In order to finance committed capital investments, the Group uses cash flow from operating activities and 
borrowed funds. External funding consists of bilateral bank loans and issued bonds. The Group has 
established long-standing funding cooperation with international investment banks and commercial banks. The 
Group has diversified borrowing sources by issuing bonds during preceding years. The outstanding principal 
amount of bonds issued is EUR 150 million (which all are green bonds), representing 19 per-cent of the total 
debt as of 31 December 2021. 
The Group’s gross debt as of 31 December 2021 was EUR 795.0 million with the following debt maturity 
schedule: 
 
2022 
2023 
2024 
2025 
2026 
2027-2034 
Total 
 
(€ million) 
Debt repayment 
180.9 
177.3 
83.0 
103.0 
49.9 
200.8 
795.0 
 
The table below provides information about the Group’s borrowings by lender category as of 31 December 
2021.  
 
31 December 2021 
 
(€ million) 
International investment banks 
286.3 
Commercial banks 
357.6 
Issued bonds 
151.1 
Total 
795.0 
 
Borrowings outstanding were used to fund the Group’s investment programme.  
As of 31 December 2021, the total amount of committed short-term credit lines available to the Group was 
EUR 63 million. The term of credit lines in the amount of EUR 60 million expired in January 2022, at the same 
time two new credit line agreements were concluded in the same month for the total amount of EUR 90 million 
and a maturity of 2 years. 
All borrowings are denominated in euros. As of 31 December 2021, the weighted average repayment period 
was 3.8 years. With interest rate swaps, 37 per-cent of the Group's borrowings had a fixed interest rate with 
an average duration of 1.5 years. The effective weighted average interest rate (with interest rate swaps) of the 
Group’s outstanding borrowings was 1.2 per-cent.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group comprises the parent company Latvenergo AS and its nine 
subsidiaries: 
Company Name 
Country 
of 
incorporation 
Business activity 
Proportion 
of 
ownership  
Subsidiaries: 
 
 
 
Sadales tīkls AS 
Latvia 
Electricity distribution 
100 per-cent 
Enerģijas publiskais tirgotājs SIA 
Latvia 
Administration 
of 
electricity 
mandatory 
procurement process 
100 per-cent 
Elektrum Eesti OÜ  
Estonia 
Electricity and natural 
gas trade 
100 per-cent 
Elektrum 
Latvija 
SIA 
(subsidiary of Elektrum Eesti 
OÜ) 
Latvia 
Electricity and natural 
gas trade 
100 per-cent 
Energiaturu Võrguehitus OÜ 
Estonia 
Construction of power 
grids and transmission 
of electricity 
100 per-cent 
SNL Energia 1 OÜ 
Estonia 
Construction of power 
grids and transmission 
of electricity 
100 per-cent 
Baltic Energy System OÜ 
Estonia 
Construction of power 
grids and transmission 
of electricity 
100 per-cent 
Elektrum Lietuva, UAB  
Lithuania 
Electricity and natural 
gas trade 
100 per-cent 
Liepājas Enerģija SIA 
Latvia 
Electricity and thermal 
energy generation and 
supply (in Liepaja city) 
51 per-cent 
 
The Company is a shareholder in an associated company, Pirmais Slēgtais Pensiju Fonds AS (Latvia), 
engaged in the management of retirement contributions on behalf of the Group's employees (the Company’s 
and the Group's shareholding is 46.3 per-cent and 48.15 per-cent respectively). In addition, the Group has a 
financial investment in Rīgas siltums AS (0.005 per-cent), which is engaged in supply of thermal energy in 
Riga.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
In accordance with the Commercial Law (in Latvian – Komerclikums), the Law on the Management of Public 
Persons’ Capital Shares and Capital Companies (in Latvian - Publiskas personas kapitāla daļu un 
kapitālsabiedrību pārvaldības likums) and the Financial Instruments Market Law (in Latvian – Finanšu 
instrument tirgus likums), the Company has the following corporate governance structure: 
• 
Shareholder; 
• 
Supervisory Board; 
• 
Audit Committee; and 
• 
Management Board. 
Shareholder  
100 per-cent of the shares of the Company are owned by the State and held by the Ministry of Economics of 
the Republic of Latvia. The interests of the shareholder are represented at the Shareholder Meeting by the 
State Secretary of the Ministry of Economics or his/her authorised delegate. Shareholder Meetings are 
convened in accordance with the requirements and timelines stipulated by the Law on the Management of 
Public Persons’ Capital Shares and Capital Companies (in Latvian - Publiskas personas kapitāla daļu un 
kapitālsabiedrību pārvaldības likums). 
The Shareholders’ Meeting represents the shareholder interests, rights and obligations. The State Secretary 
of the Ministry of Economics of the Republic of Latvia or his/her authorised representative is the sole 
shareholder representative in the Shareholders’ Meetings. 
Supervisory Board  
The principal duties of the Supervisory Board of the Company include:  
• 
approval of the medium-term operational strategy;  
• 
continuous supervision of the activities of the Company’s Management Board;  
• 
election and dismissal of the members of the Company’s Management Board, approval of their 
remuneration; and 
• 
monitoring the compliance of the Company’s operations with legislation, its Articles of Association and 
the decisions of the Shareholder Meeting. 
The Supervisory Board of the Company is elected by the Shareholders Meeting of the Company. The most 
recent Supervisory Board of the Company was elected at the Shareholders Meeting of the Company on 10 
June 2020. The current Supervisory Board is composed of five independent members.   
As of the date of this Base Prospectus the members of the Supervisory Board of the Company are: 
• 
Mr. Ivars Golsts - Chairman of the Supervisory Board  
• 
Mr. Kaspars Rokens – Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board 
• 
Mr. Toms Siliņš - Member of the Supervisory Board 
• 
Mr. Aigars Laizāns – Member of the Supervisory Board 
• 
Mr. Gundars Ruža – Member of the Supervisory Board

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus the activities of the Management Board of the Company’s subsidiary  
Enerģijas publiskais tirgotājs SIA are supervised by the Shareholder Meeting of this subsidiary, where the 
interests of the Company are represented by the Company’s Management Board. The supervisory body of the 
Company's subsidiary Sadales tīkls AS, as well as Company's subsidiaries Elektrum Eesti OÜ and Elektrum 
Lietuva, UAB, which operate outside the territory of Latvia, is their Supervisory Board. The Supervisory Board 
of Sadales tīkls AS is elected by the Shareholders Meeting and consists of four members, two of whom are 
independent members. The supervisory functions at Elektrum Eesti OÜ are ensured by two Management 
Board members of the Company and two employees, who are responsible for the relevant areas of operation 
at the Company. The supervisory functions at Elektrum Lietuva, UAB are ensured by five Supervisory Board 
members, three of whom are Management Board members of the Company and two are employees, who are 
responsible for the relevant areas of operation at the Company. The supervisory functions at Liepājas enerģija 
SIA, where the equity share of the Company is 51 per-cent, are carried out by the Supervisory Board of six 
members, half of whom are representatives of the Company.  
The business address of each member of the Company’s Supervisory Board is Pulkveža Brieža 12, Riga, LV-
1230, Latvia. 
Audit Committee  
The Audit Committee operates under the Commercial Law (in Latvian – Komerclikums), the Financial 
Instruments Market Law (in Latvian – Finanšu instrument tirgus likums) and the Regulations of the Audit 
Committee approved by the Shareholder.  
The principal duties of the Audit Committee are to supervise: 
• 
the financial reporting process; 
• 
effectiveness of the internal control and risk management systems; 
• 
the work of the internal audit and the external auditor of the Group; 
• 
implementation of the Group’s Fraud Risk Management Plan. 
The Audit Committee consists of five members elected by the Shareholder Meeting, of whom at least one shall 
be a member of the Supervisory Board of the Company. The Audit Committee is chaired by its chairperson, 
elected by the members of the Audit Committee from amongst themselves. 
The Audit Committee reports its assessments and findings to the Shareholder Meeting at least once a year. In 
addition, the Audit Committee regularly informs the members of the Supervisory Board of its conclusions and 
recommendations based on its work.  
No restrictions have been imposed on the Audit Committee’s actions, and the representatives of the Company 
ensure the availability of all necessary information to the Audit Committee.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus the Audit Committee consists of five independent members: 
• 
Mr. Torben Pedersen - Chairman of the Audit Committee  
• 
Mrs. Ilvija Grūba - Member of the Audit Committee  
• 
Mr. Svens Dinsdorfs - Member of the Audit Committee  
• 
Mr. Toms Siliņš - Member of the Audit Committee (also Member of the Supervisory Board) 
• 
Mr. Gundars Ruža - Member of the Audit Committee (also Member of the Supervisory Board) 
 
The business address of each member of the Company’s Audit Committee is Pulkveža Brieža 12, Riga, LV-
1230, Latvia.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
Management Board 
All Management Board members are executive directors of the Company, and are involved in the daily 
operations of the Company. Their principal duties include: 
• 
management and representation of the Company; 
• 
responsibility for the commercial activities of the Company and for compliance with accounting 
legislation; 
• 
management of the Company’s property; 
• 
implementing the strategic direction of the Group, its development plans, goals and policies. 
The Management Board and the Supervisory Board are jointly liable for compliance with all binding laws and 
regulations, execution of the decisions of the Shareholder Meeting and the Supervisory Board, and the 
financial performance of the Group. 
As per the Articles of Association of the Company, the Company’s Management Board shall consist of ﬁve 
members, who should be elected by the Supervisory Board for a term of five years based on an evaluation of 
necessary competences, experience and expected field of responsibility. The Supervisory Board of the 
Company also appoints one of the members of the Management Board as a Chairman of the Management 
Board. 
On 16 November 2021, the Supervisory Board of the Company elected a new Chairman of the Management 
Board and two Members of the Management Board responsible for generation and commercial activities with 
a five-year term. The new Members of the Management Board took office on 3 January 2022. As of the date 
of this Base Prospectus the Management Board of the Company consists of five Members of the Management 
Board: 
• 
Mr. Mārtiņš Čakste - Chairman of the Management Board and Chief Executive Officer, responsible 
for communication, human resource management, compliance control, security, real estate 
management and maintenance, international affairs and corporate social responsibility, records 
management, legal affairs, procurement and logistics, transport services. 
• 
Mr. Guntars Baļčūns - Chief Financial Officer, responsible for business planning and controlling, 
energy trading, treasury, accounting, risk management and insurance. Mr. Baļčūns is also a member 
of the supervisory boards of the Company’s subsidiaries Elektrum Eesti OÜ and Elektrum Lietuva, 
UAB. 
• 
Mr. Kaspars Cikmačs - Chief Development Officer, responsible for IT&T, development of electric 
vehicle charging network, research and development, corporate strategy, wind and solar parks 
development. Mr. Cikmačs is also a member of the supervisory board of the Company’s subsidiary 
Elektrum Lietuva, UAB. 
• 
Mr. Dmitrijs Juskovecs – Chief Commercial Officer, responsible for sales, marketing, customer 
service, billing and monitoring, services technical support and regulatory affairs. Mr. Juskovecs is also 
a member of the supervisory boards of the Company’s subsidiaries Elektrum Eesti OÜ and Elektrum 
Lietuva, UAB. 
• 
Mr. Harijs Teteris - Chief Operating Officer, responsible for HPP, CHPP management, generation 
projects, technical inspection, environment and occupational health and safety. 
The business address of each member of the Company’s Management Board is Pulkveža Brieža 12, Riga, 
LV-1230, Latvia.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
Conflict of interest 
In accordance with the Law on Prevention of Conflict of Interest in the Activities of Public Officials (in Latvian 
– Likums “Par interešu konflikta novēršanu valsts amatpersonu darbībā”), all members of the management 
boards, the supervisory boards and the audit committees of state-owned companies have the status of state 
officials. As such, all Management Board, Supervisory Board and Audit Committee members of the Company 
and its fully owned subsidiaries in Latvia are state officials and subject to detailed requirements of this law. The 
law permits them to combine their office of public official only with activities which are indicated by the law as 
compatible (e.g., offices in a trade union, association or similar organisation, teaching, scientific and creative 
work) in order to prevent personal or material interest in their activity as a state official. In accordance with the 
law, all state officials are obliged to submit an annual declaration of interest. 
The Company is not aware of any conflicts of interest or potential conflicts of interest between the Company 
duties of the members of the Management Board, Supervisory Board and Audit Committee and their private 
interests and/or their other duties.  
Employees 
As of 31 December 2021, the Group had 3,153 employees of whom 70 per-cent were men and 30 per-cent 
women. The average age of the employees was 44 years. In 2021, the Group’s employee turnover was 4.6 
per-cent.  
The strategy of the Group focuses on strengthening competitiveness and maximising efficiency. The efficiency 
programme launched in 2017 comprises a revision and centralisation of processes, with plans to downsize the 
number of employees by about 25 per-cent until the end of 2022.  
The opinions of all the Group’s employees on issues pertaining to the Collective Bargaining Agreement are 
represented by “Enerģija” Trade Union in Latvia. In 2021, the Collective Bargaining Agreement was applicable 
to 94 per-cent of the Group's employees, and in recent years this percentage has not changed significantly. 
The Group notifies “Enerģija” Trade Union of, among other things, planned changes in the organisation of the 
Group and its subsidiaries or in remuneration. It also reports on the execution of the Collective Bargaining 
Agreement and on the fulfilment of occupational health and safety requirements. Furthermore, it agrees on 
terminations of employment of members of “Enerģija” Trade Union, if any.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
SHAREHOLDERS 
All shares of the Company are owned by the Republic of Latvia. The holder of the Company’s shares is the 
Ministry of Economics of the Republic of Latvia, whose representative - the State Secretary of the Ministry of 
Economics or another authorised person appointed by the State Secretary of the Ministry of Economics, 
represents the Shareholder interests at Shareholder Meetings.  
The Law on the Management of Public Persons’ Capital Shares and Capital Companies (in Latvian - Publiskas 
personas kapitāla daļu un kapitālsabiedrību pārvaldības likums) provides that the Cabinet of Ministers has the 
right to appoint a specially established institution as the holder of the shares in state owned entities.  
Pursuant to the current Energy Law (in Latvian - Enerģētikas likums), the Company’s business is deemed to 
be of national importance and therefore, the Company’s shares are not subject to privatisation or alienation.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The following table is a summary of the Group’s consolidated financial performance and key performance 
indicators for the two financial years ending 31 December 2020 and 2021. The information set out in the table 
below has been extracted (without any material adjustment) from, and is qualified by reference to and should 
be read in conjunction with the audited Group's consolidated and the Company's annual reports for the years 
ending 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 each of which is attached to this Base Prospectus and 
forms an integral part of this Base Prospectus. The Group's consolidated and the Company's annual reports 
are prepared according to International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). 
 
 
 
Year ended 31 December  
 
 
2020 
2021 
Key Financial data (the Group) 
Revenue * 
€ million 
773 
1,065 
EBITDA * 
€ million 
278 
199 
Operating profit * 
€ million 
121 
82 
Profit 
€ million 
116 
72 
Total assets 
€ million 
3,359 
3,476 
Total equity 
€ million 
2,118 
2,123 
Adjusted funds from operations 
(FFO) 
€ million 
269 
220 
Net Debt * 
€ million 
556 
698 
Adjusted FFO to net debt 
per-cent 
48 
35 
Capital expenditure 
€ million 
169 
127 
Return on equity (ROE)  
per-cent 
5.3 
3.4 
Adjusted 
ROE 
excluding 
distribution 
per-cent 
7.7 
5.5 
Net debt to equity * 
per-cent 
26 
33 
Net debt to EBITDA * 
times 
2.0 
3.2 
Net Cash-flow (the Group) 
 
 
-  from operating activities 
€ million 
291 
132 
-  from financing activities 
€ million 
(267) 
(49) 
-  from investing activities 
€ million 
(46) 
(86) 
Operating Figures (the Group) 
Total electricity supply, incl.: 
GWh 
8,854 
9,260 
Retail 1) 
GWh 
6,394 
6,706 
Wholesale 2) 
GWh 
2,460 
2,554 
Retail natural gas 
GWh 
516 
1,026 
Electricity generated  
GWh 
4,249 
4,517 
Thermal energy generated 
GWh 
1,702 
2,072 
 
(*) Excluding discontinued operation (transmission system assets). On 10 June 2020, transmission system assets were separated from 
the Group 
1) Including operating consumption 
2) Including sale of energy purchased within mandatory procurement on the Nord Pool

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
FINANCIAL AND TREND INFORMATION 
Historical Financial Information 
The Group's consolidated and the Company's annual reports as of and for the financial years ending 31 
December 2020 and 31 December 2021 prepared according to IFRS are appended to this Base Prospectus 
and forms an integral part of it.  
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
Except as described below, the Group is not engaged in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, 
nor is it aware of any such proceedings pending or threatened against it during the 12 month-period prior to 
the date of this Base Prospectus that may have, or have had in the recent past, a significant effect on the 
Company and/or the Group’s financial position or profitability. 
Incident of corruption 
In June 2010, criminal proceedings were initiated against a number of executives of the Group suspected in 
corruption and money laundering. No charges have been brought against the Company or the subsidiaries of 
the Company. The Company has the status of a victim in the proceedings and has submitted an application 
for compensation in the total amount of EUR 25,249,048.80. As of January 2018, the case is being heard by 
the court of first instance. 
The Group has reviewed internal processes for the purpose of bringing its internal control procedures in line 
with best practice, thus further reducing the risks of corruption, illegal activity or fraud within the Group. 
Pricing commitment with the Competition Council of Latvia  
On 20 November 2009, the Competition Council of the Republic of Latvia passed a decision closing the 
investigation against the Company regarding alleged exclusionary pricing practices in the thermal energy 
market in Riga City and accepting a written commitment (pricing commitment) from the Company. In 2019, the 
Company and the Competition Council started discussions aimed at updating the written commitment to reflect 
the current situation in the thermal energy market in Riga City. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
Company has submitted a new draft written commitment explanation to the Competition Council, but so far 
has not received any response from the Competition Council. 
Significant Changes in Financial Position  
There has been no material adverse change in the Company’s or the Group’s financial or trading position since 
31 December 2021. 
Trend Information 
On 17 September 2020, at the first reading the Saeima supported the amendments to the Electricity Market 
Law (in Latvian – Elektroenerģijas tirgus likums). The draft law provides reduction of support for electrical 
capacity installed and electricity generated under mandatory procurement scheme. Also, it provides 
termination of the order that mandatory procurement costs are borne by the final consumers, but still envisages 
the current role of the public trader in mandatory procurement scheme and that mandatory procurement 
administration costs are compensated to the public trader by the State budget. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, Economic, Agricultural, Environmental and Regional Policy Committee of Saeima continues to 
review the submitted proposals to second reading of the amendments to the Electricity Market Law. For the 
time being it is difficult to foresee whether or when the amendments to the Electricity Market Law could be 
adopted and come into force. The amendments, if adopted, may cause impact on the Group's profits and asset 
value. 
There has been no other material adverse change in the prospects of the Company or the Group since the 
date of the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Group for 2021.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Company or the Group since the 
date of the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Group for 2021. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus there is no information on any known trends, uncertainties, demands, 
commitments or events (except for those indicated in the Section "Risk Factors") that are reasonably likely to 
have a material effect on the Company’s or the Group’s prospects or the industries in which the Company or 
the Group operates. 
Future Outlook 
The Issuer has not made any profit forecast or profit estimate in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
Share Capital 
The amount of the share capital of the Company is EUR 790,367,859, and it is composed of 790,367,859 
shares. All shares are paid up. All shares are registered shares and they are dematerialised. The nominal value 
of a share is EUR 1. 
In accordance with the Energy Law (in Latvian - Enerģētikas likums), all shares of the Company are the 
property of the Republic of Latvia and they are not a subject to privatisation or alienation.   
Articles of Association 
The Company is registered with the Commercial Register of the Republic of Latvia under registration number 
40003032949. 
The objects and purposes of the Company are stated in Clause 2 of the Articles of Association of the Company; 
the main objects are to generate electricity and thermal energy, to trade electricity and natural gas. 
Material Contracts 
None of the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has entered into any contracts outside the ordinary course of 
its business, which could result in any of the Company or its subsidiaries being under an obligation or 
entitlement that is material to the ability of the Company, respectively to meet obligations in respect of the 
Notes being issued.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
THE ECONOMY OF THE REPUBLIC OF LATVIA 
General overview 
2021 marked a rebound in economic growth all over Europe, including Latvia, where the economy grew by 4.7 per 
cent. The COVID-19 pandemic and associated restrictions continued to weigh on economic growth at the start of 
2022, with the Omicron variant causing record-high infection rates. However, pandemic risks have recently 
retreated since the latest virus variant causes less severe course of disease. Hence, European countries are 
easing the virus curbs. Looser restrictions support a recovery in consumption in Latvia. The rather positive 
economic outlook darkened on the 24 February 2022 as Russia invaded Ukraine, starting the bloodiest war in 
Europe since 1945. The subsequent individual, economic and financial sector sanctions on Russia and Belarus 
(e.g., sanctions on companies, commodity imports from these countries and the contemplated embargo on 
Russian oil and gas), as well as voluntary boycotts of products coming from these countries imposed by the 
Western world have exacerbated inflationary pressures and further intensified the energy crisis in Europe. The 
uncertainty about the future has become even greater than during the peaks of pandemic. Latvia, being also highly 
dependent on Russian fuel and gas imports up until now, faces a challenging task to find alternative sources of 
energy. Potential solutions considered by the government include Latvia’s involvement in the development of a 
liquified natural gas (LNG) terminal in Paldiski, Estonia, construction of a new LNG terminal in Latvia, development 
of new wind power plants and investments in energy efficiency. In addition to the risks of rising commodity prices 
and supply chain disruptions, there is a risk that foreign investment will decrease as the region will be perceived 
as more risky given proximity to an unpredictable neighbour. At the same time, energy-related, defence-related 
and EU co-financed investments will pick up, supporting demand for construction. However, shortage of materials 
and high input prices will limit the upside. 
Overall, it is still difficult to estimate the full impact of the war and sanctions on the economy of Latvia, but as of 
the date of writing this Base Prospectus, downside risks are more pronounced. Prolonged war and wider sanctions 
would inevitably lead to weaker economic activity, both from the supply and demand side, less foreign trade and 
higher costs of resources leading to even higher inflation. Due to the abovementioned, the Bank of Latvia has cut 
their real GDP growth forecast for Latvia to 1.8 per-cent in 2022. 
Real GDP growth, per-cent 
 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
Latvia 
 
3.3 
4.0 
2.5 
-3.8 
4.7 
EU (27)  
 
2.8 
2.1 
1.8 
-5.9 
5.3 
Source: Eurostat 
Inflation 
In March 2021, annual inflation returned to Latvian economy after a year of an almost uninterrupted bout of small 
deflation. Inflation shot up in the second half of 2021, fuelled mainly by external factors. Pandemic related global 
disruptions, poorer harvests around the world, weaker renewable power generation in the region, and other factors 
led to an increase in the global energy, food, and other commodity prices. As a result, the inflation rate in Latvia 
has been rising sharply, reaching 11.5 per-cent year-on-year in March 2022. Surge in fuel prices in March was 
already the first sign of additional inflationary pressure arising from the war and sanctions. This is the first time 
since 2008, when year-on-year inflation in Latvia has reached a double-digit number. Higher inflation is observable 
in almost all categories, especially fuel, gas, heating, and food. The war in Ukraine puts even more pressure on 
prices and negatively affects the purchasing power of Latvian consumers. Inflation will likely remain elevated in 
the second part of 2022 as most of the inflationary pressure arising from the war in Ukraine has yet to come 
through to consumer prices. 
Inflation, HICP, average, per-cent 
 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
Latvia 
 
2.9 
2.6 
2.7 
0.1 
3.2

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
EU (27)  
 
1.6 
1.8 
1.4 
0.7 
2.9 
Source: Eurostat 
Unemployment 
Since the end of the financial crisis in 2010, unemployment rate in Latvia fell every year, reaching 6.3 per-cent in 
2019. The trend was reversed in 2020, when due to COVID-19 disruptions and associated restrictions, businesses 
had to lay-off non-essential workers. The rise in unemployment rate was limited by the government’s financial 
support for downtime. The unemployment rate started decreasing in the spring of 2021 as COVID-19 restrictions 
were partially lifted and companies resumed hiring, especially in the services sector. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, most of the COVID-19 restrictions have been lifted in Latvia, which creates room for optimism that 
labour market will continue to recover. Still, downside risks remain in sectors which are more reliant on trade with 
Russia, Belarus, and Ukraine, e.g., transportation, wholesale, logistics, and manufacturing of pharmaceutical 
products. 
Unemployment rate, per-cent 
 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
Latvia 
 
8.7 
7.4 
6.3 
8.1 
7.6 
EU (27)  
 
8.3 
7.4 
6.8 
7.2 
7.0 
Source: Eurostat 
Public Finance 
Although the final data are not available as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Ministry of Finance estimates 
that the budget deficit widened to 7.2% of GDP in 2021, as the government increased its support to the economy 
amidst pandemic disruptions. The central government budget for 2022 agreed in late 2021 accounts for 10.7 billion 
EUR in revenue and 12.4 billion EUR in expenditure. The government had planned a 4.8 per-cent general 
government budget deficit for 2022, reflecting an economy that is still recovering from COVID-19 induced crisis. 
The recent forecast by the Ministry of Finance suggests that the deficit will be around 6.5% of GDP in 2022, 
assuming unchanged policy.  
General government balance, 
per-cent of GDP 
 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
Latvia 
 
-0.8 
-0.8 
-0.6 
-4.5 
N/A 
EU (27)  
 
-0.8 
-0.4 
-0.5 
-6.9 
N/A 
Source: Eurostat; final data not available for 2021 
Although the final data are not available as of the date of this Base Prospectus, it is clear that the general 
government gross debt of Latvia also increased in 2021, as a larger budget deficit called for increased borrowing. 
Still the government debt levels in Latvia are among the lowest in Europe. On 7 February 2022, the international 
credit rating agency S&P Global Ratings published the latest research update on the credit rating of Latvia. The 
report affirmed Latvia's credit rating at "A+", while maintaining a stable outlook. The report mentioned that Latvia’s 
economy had recovered from the pandemic’s shock and its growth outlook was solid. The credit rating agency 
also noted that fiscal and external balances had remained relatively strong throughout the pandemic, and the 
increase in public debt appeared to be moderate.  
General government gross debt, per-cent of GDP 
 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
Latvia 
 
39.0 
37.1 
36.7 
43.2 
N/A 
EU (27) average 
 
81.3 
79.3 
77.2 
90.1 
N/A 
Source: Eurostat; official data not available for 2021

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
Foreign Trade 
In 2021, the turnover of foreign trade in goods in Latvia at current prices reached a record high EUR 35.9 billion – 
26.2 per-cent more than in 2020. The goods exports value constituted EUR 16.5 billion (an increase of 24 per-
cent), whereas the imports value – EUR 19.4 billion (an increase of 28.2 per-cent). The European Union continues 
to be the main export market for Latvian goods – 67 per-cent of the total exports were sent to the EU. In 2021 
wood and its products regained its position as the dominant export product group, surpassing the 3 billion mark 
for the first time in history. The other Baltic States, the United Kingdom, Germany and Russia were the main export 
trading partners, while Estonia, Lithuania, Germany, Poland, and Russia were the largest contributors to imports. 
Exports of services, which in 2021 accounts for less than a quarter of total exports, grew by 10.1 per-cent in 2021 
led by a rebound in transport services (except rail and sea transport) and an increase in telecommunications, 
computer, information, and financial services. It is expected that most of the trading with Russia and Belarus will 
stop over 2022-2023 and as a result, companies operating in transit business, wholesale and logistics are likely 
to lose part of their business, and not all of them will be able to realign to alternative markets in a short period of 
time. In 2021, Latvia recorded current account deficit of 2.9 per-cent of GDP as the value of imports increased 
more than the value of exports (demand for imports increased along with a surge in gas and oil prices in the 
second half of 2021) and as the income balance worsened.  
Current account balance,  
per-cent of GDP 
 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
Latvia 
 
1.3 
-0.2 
-0.7 
2.9 
-2.9 
Extra-EU (27) 
 
2.9 
2.7 
2.3 
2.4 
2.4 
Source: Eurostat, Bank of Latvia

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
TAXATION 
 
Tax legislation of the investor’s member state and of the Issuer’s country of incorporation may have an impact on 
the income received from the Notes.  
The following is a general summary of certain tax consideration in the Republic of Latvia in relation to the Notes. 
It is not exhaustive and does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax consequences relating to the Notes, 
as well as does not take into account or discuss the tax implications of any country other than the Republic of 
Latvia. The information provided in this section shall not be treated as legal or tax advice; and prospective investors 
are advised to consult their own tax advisors as to the tax consequences of the subscription, ownership and 
disposal of the Notes applicable to their particular circumstances.  
This summary is based on the laws of Latvia as in force on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any 
change in law that may take effect after such date, provided that such changes could apply also retroactively. 
Latvia has entered into a number of tax conventions on elimination of the double taxation, which may provide more 
favourable taxation regime. Therefore, if there is a valid tax convention with the country of a non-resident 
prospective investor, it should be also examined. The procedures for application of tax conventions are provided 
in the Republic of Latvia Cabinet of Ministers’ Regulations No. 178 “Procedures for Application of Tax Relief 
Determined in International Agreements for Prevention of Double Taxation and Tax Evasion” of 30 April 2001. 
Taxation of the Noteholders individuals 
Resident Individuals 
An individual will be considered as a resident of Latvia for taxation purposes: 
• 
if the individual’s declared place of residence is in the Republic of Latvia; or 
• 
if the individual stays in the Republic of Latvia 183 days or more within any 12-month period, starting or 
ending in the taxation year; or 
• 
if the individual is a citizen of the Republic of Latvia employed abroad by the government of the Republic 
of Latvia. 
In accordance with the Law on Personal Income Tax (in Latvian – Likums “Par iedzīvotāju ienākuma nodokli”) the 
interest income from the Notes for resident individuals will be subject to 20 per-cent withholding tax, deductible by 
the Issuer before the payment. The income from the alienation of the Notes will be subject to 20 per-cent tax, but 
the tax would be payable by the individual him/herself.  
Non-resident individuals 
In accordance with the Law on Personal Income Tax (in Latvian – Likums “Par iedzīvotāju ienākuma nodokli”) the 
interest income from the Notes being circulated publicly as well as income from the alienation of the publicly 
circulated Notes will not be subject to tax in Latvia.  
Taxation of the Noteholders entities 
Resident entities 
An entity will be considered as a resident of Latvia for tax purposes if it is or should have been established and 
registered in the Republic of Latvia in accordance with the legislative acts of the Republic of Latvia. This also 
include permanent establishments of foreign entities in Latvia.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
Interest payments on the Notes and proceeds from the disposal of the Notes received by Latvian resident 
companies will not be subject to withholding tax in Latvia. Under the Corporate Income Tax Law (in Latvian – 
Uzņēmumu ienākuma nodokļa likums) retained earnings are exempt from corporate income tax and only 
distributions are taxed. Corporate income tax rate on gross profit distribution is 20 per-cent. Corporate income tax 
on net amount of profit distribution is determined by dividing net amount with a coefficient of 0.8 (i.e., effective tax 
rate on net distributed profit is 25 per-cent). 
Non-resident entities 
In accordance with the Corporate Income Tax Law (in Latvian – Uzņēmumu ienākuma nodokļa likums) the interest 
income and income from the alienation of the Notes for non-resident entities will not be taxable in Latvia. 
Taxation of low-tax non-residents 
In general, payments (including interest payments) to non-residents located, registered or incorporated in a no-tax 
or low-tax country or territory as defined in the Regulations of the Cabinet of Ministers No.819 “Regulations on No-
Tax or Low-Tax Countries and Territories”, adopted on 17 December 2020; effective as of 1 January 2021 (“Low-
Tax Non-Latvian Residents”) are subject to withholding tax of 20 per-cent if the payer is a Latvian legal entity or 
23 per-cent if the payer is a Latvian individual resident having obligation to withhold tax. However, pursuant to 
Article 5(6) of the Corporate Income Tax Law (in Latvian – Uzņēmumu ienākuma nodokļa likums) payments by 
Latvian legal entities to Low-Tax Non-Latvian Residents for securities publicly circulated in the EU or EEA are 
exempt from withholding tax if made at the market price. The State Revenue Service of the Republic of Latvia in 
a legally non-binding explanation to the Issuer has confirmed that pursuant to Article 5(6) of the of the Corporate 
Income Tax Law (in Latvian – Uzņēmumu ienākuma nodokļa likums) there is no withholding tax also on the interest 
payments made by the Issuer to the holders of the notes publicly circulated in the EU or EEA who are Low-Tax 
Non-Latvian Residents, provided that the payments are made at the market price.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
GLOSSARY 
Aiviekste HPP 
The Company’s hydro power plant located at "Aiviekste 66", Aiviekste, 
Kalsnava county, Madona district, Latvia. 
Ainazi Wind Power Plant (WPP) 
The Company’s wind power plant located at "Pūķi", Ainazi county, 
Salacgriva district, Latvia. 
CHPPs 
The Company’s combined heat and power plants. 
GW 
Gigawatts, a unit for measuring the capacity to produce electricity. One 
gigawatt equals 1,000,000,000 watts. 
GWh 
Gigawatt hours, a unit for measuring the generation and consumption of 
electricity. 
HPPs 
The Company’s hydro power plants. 
Kegums HPP 
The Company’s hydro power plant located at Keguma prospekts 7/9, 
Kegums, Kegums district, Latvia. 
kV 
Kilovolts, a unit for measuring voltage or electrical tension. One kilovolt 
equals 1,000 volts. 
Latvenergo AS CHPP-1 
The Company’s combined heat and power plant located at Viskalu street 
16, Riga, Latvia, LV-1026. 
Latvenergo AS CHPP-2 
The Company’s combined heat and power plant located at Granita street 
31, Acone, Salaspils county, Salaspils district, Latvia. 
MW 
Megawatts, a unit for measuring the capacity to produce electricity. One 
megawatt equals 1,000,000 watts. 
MWel 
The capacity to produce electrical energy. 
MWth 
The capacity to produce thermal energy. 
Plavinas HPP 
The Company’s hydro power plant located at Energetiku street 2, 
Aizkraukle, Aizkraukle district, Latvia. 
Riga HPP 
The Company’s hydro power plant located at "Rīgas HES", Salaspils 
county, Salaspils district, Latvia. 
TW 
Terawatts. A unit for measuring the capacity to produce electricity. One 
terawatt equals 1,000,000,000,000 watts. 
TWh 
Terawatt hours, a unit for measuring the generation and consumption of 
electricity. One terawatt hour is equal to sustained electricity consumption 
of approximately 114 MW for a period of one year.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation  
The shareholder of the Issuer has at the Shareholders’ Meeting held on 9 October 2019 authorised the issue of 
the Notes and authorised the Management Board of the Issuer to approve the characteristics of the Notes, the 
Base Prospectus and any of the documents thereto, as well as any amendments and supplements thereof.  
Management Board of the Issuer has at its meeting held on 20 April 2022 approved the Base Prospectus and the 
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Each Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes shall be approved by a separate resolution of the 
Management Board of the Issuer. 
Auditors 
PricewaterhouseCoopers SIA, registration number: 40003142793, legal address: Kr.Valdemāra street 21-21, Riga, 
LV – 1010, Latvia, has audited the 2020 Financial Statements included in this Base Prospectus and issued an 
unqualified auditors’ reports on the aforementioned financial statements. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers SIA is included in the register of audit firms maintained by the Latvian Association of 
Certified Auditors and holds audit company license No.5. On behalf of PricewaterhouseCoopers SIA, the auditors’ 
reports on the 2020 Financial Statements were signed by Ilandra Lejiņa, holding auditor’s certificate No. 168.  
ERNST & YOUNG BALTIC SIA, registration number: 40003593454, legal address: Muitas iela 1A, Rīga, LV-1010, 
Latvia, has audited the 2021 Financial Statements included in this Base Prospectus and issued an unqualified 
auditors’ reports on the aforementioned financial statements. 
ERNST & YOUNG BALTIC SIA is included in the register of audit firms maintained by the Latvian Association of 
Certified Auditors and holds audit company license No.17. On behalf of ERNST & YOUNG BALTIC SIA, the 
auditors’ reports on the 2021 Financial Statements were signed by Diāna Krišjāne holding auditor’s certificate No. 
124.  
Listing 
Application will be made to Nasdaq Riga for admitting each Tranche to listing and trading on the official bond list 
(the Baltic Bond List) of Nasdaq Riga according to the requirements of Nasdaq Riga not later than within 3 (three) 
months after the Issue Date of the respective Tranche. Nasdaq Riga is a regulated market for the purposes of 
MiFID II. 
Clearing of the Notes  
The Notes shall be issued in the bearer dematerialised form and registered with Nasdaq CSD SE, registration 
number: 40003242879. The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) in relation to the Notes of each 
Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
The address of Nasdaq CSD SE is Vaļņu iela 1, Riga, LV-1050, Latvia. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Issuer’s legal entity identifier is 213800DJRB539Q1EMW75.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
Documents available 
For as long as the Notes are listed on the official bond list (the Baltic Bond List) of Nasdaq Riga, the copies of the 
following documents will be available on the Issuer’s website www.latvenergo.lv: 
(i) 
the Articles of Association of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the Audited Financial Statements; 
(iii) 
the Green Bond Framework;  
(iv) 
each Final Terms; and 
(v) 
this Base Prospectus together with any supplement. 
Arrangers and Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
The Arrangers and Dealers have engaged in, and may in the future engage in, investment banking and/or 
commercial banking or other services provided to the Group in the ordinary course of business (see Section Risk 
Factors – Risk related to the Notes - Certain material interests). 
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the issue/offer of the Notes 
Save for commissions to be paid to the Arrangers and the Dealers, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the issue/offer of the Notes has an interest material to the issue/offer. 
Expenses Charged to the Investors 
No expenses or taxes will be charged to the investors by the Issuer in respect to the issue of the Notes. However, 
the investors may be obliged to cover expenses which are related to the opening of securities accounts with the 
credit institutions or investment brokerage firms, as well as commissions which are charged by the credit 
institutions or investment brokerage firms in relation to the execution of the investor’s purchase or selling orders 
of the Notes, the holding of the Notes or any other operations in relation to the Notes. Neither the Issuer, nor the 
Arrangers or the Dealers shall compensate the Noteholders for any such expenses. 
Credit Ratings 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has a long-term credit rating Baa2 by Moody’s. The outlook is 
stable.  
Moody’s Deutschland GmbH is established in the EEA and is registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the ”CRA Regulation”), and is, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”). 
Notes to be issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where an issue of Notes is rated, the applicable 
rating will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) 
assigned to the Issuer or to Notes already issued (if applicable). Whether or not a credit rating applied for in relation 
to a relevant Series of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under 
the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy or sell or hold Notes and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. Up-to-date information should always be sought by direct 
reference to the relevant rating agency.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents have been incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus and form a part of the 
Base Prospectus:  
• 
the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework, which is available for viewing on the following website: 
www.latvenergo.lv

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
ANNEX I – FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
The Latvenergo Group Consolidated and Latvenergo AS Annual Report 2020, prepared in accordance with IFRS, 
together with the audit report in connection therewith. 
The Latvenergo Group Consolidated and Latvenergo AS Annual Report 2021, prepared in accordance with IFRS, 
together with the audit report in connection therewith.

--- Page 85 ---
1
2020
Latvenergo Group Consolidated 
and Latvenergo AS Annual Report

--- Page 86 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
Latvenergo Group Consolidated and Latvenergo AS Annual Report
Financial statements are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (IFRS)
Contents
3	
Latvenergo Group Key Figures
4	
Latvenergo AS Key Figures
5	
Management Report
12	 Financial Statements
12	
Statement of Profit or Loss
12	
Statement of Comprehensive Income
13	
Statement of Financial Position
14	
Statement of Changes in Equity
15	
Statement of Cash Flows
63	 Independent Auditor’s Report
Notes to the Financial Statements
16	
No.	 1. Corporate information
16	
No.	 2. Summary of significant accounting policies
19	
No.	 3. Financial risk management
23	
No.	 4. Critical accounting estimates and judgements
26	
No.	 5. Operating segment information
29	
No.	 6. Revenue
32	
No.	 7. Other income
32	
No.	 8. Raw materials and consumables
32	
No.	 9. Personnel expenses
33	
No.	 10. Other operating expenses
33	
No.	 11. Finance income and costs
33	
No.	 12. Income tax
34	
No.	 13. Intangible assets
35	
No.	 14.Property, plant and equipment
40	
No.	 15. Leases
41	
No.	 16. Non–current financial investments
43	
No. 17.	
Inventories
43	
No. 18.	
Receivables from contracts with customers and other receivables
45	
No. 19.	
Cash and cash equivalents
46	
No. 20.	
Share capital
46	
No. 21.	
Reserves, dividends and earnings per share
47	
No. 22.	
Other financial investments
47	
No. 23.	
Borrowings
49	
No. 24.	
Derivative financial instruments
51	
No. 25.	
Fair values and fair value measurement
54	
No. 26.	
Trade and other payables
54	
No. 27.	
Provisions
56	
No. 28.	
Deferred income
57	
No. 29.	
Related party transactions
61	
No. 30.	
Discontinued operation
62	
No. 31.	
Commitments and contingent liabilities
62	
No. 32.	
Events after the reporting year
FINANCIAL CALENDAR
Interim Condensed Financial Statements:
For the 3 months of 2021 (unaudited) – 31.05.2021
For the 6 months of 2021 (unaudited) – 31.08.2021
For the 9 months of 2021 (unaudited) – 30.11.2021
2

--- Page 87 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
Latvenergo Group Key Figures
Financial figures
EUR’000
2020
2019
2018
2017
2016
Revenue
773,391
841,636
838,805
881,212
885,740
EBITDA1)
277,894
243,526
281,947
497,731
347,312
Operating profit2)
121,350
100,365
81,983
214,462
151,101
Profit before tax3)
112,699
92,072
74,734
224,114
148,945
Profit
116,309
94,359
75,955
322,021
130,593
Dividends4)
127,071
132,936
156,418
90,142
77,413
Total assets
3,358,835
3,864,941
3,798,819
4,415,725
3,901,231
Non-current assets
2,976,192
2,798,712
3,364,534
3,343,404
3,388,954
Total equity
2,118,242
2,265,487
2,320,065
2,846,891
2,418,713
Borrowings
743,199
882,671
814,343
826,757
791,566
Net debt (adjusted)5)
555,876
563,959
505,419
496,730
528,980
Net cash flows from operating activities
291,194
315,433
302,869
338,209
341,186
Investments
168,855
229,427
220,607
243,811
200,677
Financial figures and ratios are presented by excluding discontinued operation (unbundling transmission system asset ownership)– see Note 30 to the Financial 
Statements.
1) EBITDA– earnings before interest, income tax, share of result of associates, depreciation and amortisation, and impairment of intangible assets and property, 
plant and equipment
2) Operating profit– earnings before income tax, finance income and costs
3) Profit before tax– earnings before income tax
4) Dividends paid to the equity holder of the Parent Company. (see Note 21 b)
5) Net debt (adjusted):
Net debt (until 2019) = (borrowings at the end of the year minus Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS borrowings at the end of the year) minus (cash and cash equivalents 
at the end of the year minus Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year)
Net debt (as from 2020) = (borrowings at the end of the year minus loans to Augstsprieguma tīkls AS at the end of the year) minus cash and cash equivalents 
at the end of the year
In order to ensure an objective and comparable presentation of the financial results, Latvenergo Group 
and Latvenergo AS uses various financial figures and ratios that are derived from the financial statements. 
Based on the most commonly used financial figures and ratios in the industry, the Latvenergo Group 
Strategy for 2017-2022 (see also the Management Report– section Further development, and Sustainability 
Report), as well as the binding financial covenants set in the Group’s loan agreements, Latvenergo Group 
has set here and therefore uses the following financial figures and ratios:
 
y profitability measures– EBITDA1); EBITDA margin6); operating profit margin7); profit before tax margin8); 
profit margin9); return on assets (ROA)14); return on equity (ROE)15); return on capital employed 
(ROCE)16);
 
y capital structure measures– net debt5); equity–to–asset ratio10); net debt / EBITDA11); net debt / equity12); 
current ratio13);
 
y a dividend policy measure– dividend pay–out ratio17).
These financial figures and ratios have not changed since the previous period, excluding the Net debt 
calculation. With the separation of the transmission assets, starting from 2020, loans of Latvijas elektriskie 
tīkli AS included in the calculation are replaced by loans to Augstsprieguma tīkls AS.
Financial ratios
2020
2019
2018
2017
2016
EBITDA margin6)
36%
29%
34%
56%
39%
Operating profit margin7)
15.7%
11.9%
9.8%
24.3%
17.1%
Profit before tax margin8)
14.6%
10.9%
8.9%
25.4%
16.8%
Profit margin9)
15.0%
11.2%
9.1%
36.5%
14.7%
Equity–to–asset ratio10)
63%
59%
61%
64%
62%
Net debt / EBITDA (adjusted)11)
2.0
2.2
1.8
1.0
1.6
Net debt / equity (adjusted)12)
0.26
0.25
0.22
0.17
0.22
Current ratio13)
1.5
1.2
1.5
3.2
1.7
Return on assets (ROA)14)
3.2%
2.5%
1.8%
7.7%
3.5%
Return on equity (ROE)15)
5.3%
4.1%
2.9%
12.2%
5.8%
Return on capital employed (ROCE) (adjusted)16)
4.2%
3.4%
2.5%
6.4%
5.1%
Dividend pay–out ratio17)
126%
62%
104%
66%
82%
Operational figures
2020
2019
2018
2017
2016
Total electricity supply, incl.:
GWh
8,854
9,259
9,984
10,371
10,140
 - Retail*
GWh
6,394
6,505
6,954
6,923
7,665
 - Wholesale**
GWh
2,460
2,754
3,030
3,448
2,474
Retail natural gas
GWh
516
303
147
33
–
Electricity generated
GWh
4,249
4,880
5,076
5,734
4,707
Thermal energy generated
GWh
1,702
1,842
2,274
2,612
2,675
Number of employees
3,295
3,423
3,508
3,908
4,131
Moody’s credit rating
Baa2 (stable)
Baa2 (stable) Baa2 (stable) Baa2 (stable)
Baa2 (stable)
6) EBITDA margin = EBITDA / revenue
7) Operating profit margin = operating profit / revenue
8) Profit before tax margin = profit before tax / revenue
9) Profit margin = profit / revenue
10) Equity–to–asset ratio = total equity at the end of the year / total assets at the end of the year
11) Net debt / EBITDA = (net debt at the beginning of the year + net debt at the end of the year) * 0.5 / EBITDA (12-months rolling)
12) Net debt / equity = net debt at the end of the year / equity at the end of the year
13) Current ratio = current assets at the end of the year / current liabilities at the end of the year
14) Return on assets (ROA) = profit / average value of assets ((assets at the beginning of the year + assets at the end of the year) / 2)
15) Return on equity (ROE) = profit / average value of equity ((equity at the beginning of the year + equity at the end of the year) / 2)
16) Return on capital employed (ROCE) = operating profit / (average value of equity ((equity at the beginning of the year + equity at the end of the year) / 2) + 
average value of borrowings ((borrowings at the beginning of the year without Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS + borrowings at the end of the year without Latvijas 
elektriskie tīkli AS) / 2))
17) Dividend pay–out ratio = dividends / profit of the Parent Company
* Including operating consumption
** Including sale of energy purchased within the mandatory procurement on the Nord Pool
3

--- Page 88 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
Latvenergo AS Key Figures
Financial figures
EUR’000
2020
2019
2018
2017
2016
Revenue
385,612
437,529
435,199
498,580
513,563
EBITDA1)
197,889
112,651
160,927
387,100
241,606
Operating profit2)
111,630
45,108
33,803
177,416
141,071
Profit before tax3)
154,848
101,227
212,760
185,906
156,290
Profit
154,848
101,227
212,733
150,891
137,441
Dividends4)
127,071
132,936
156,418
90,142
77,413
Total assets
2,760,155
3,136,958
3,141,109
3,649,200
3,204,394
Non-current assets
2,307,985
2,615,113
2,661,307
2,546,014
2,626,560
Total equity
1,746,436
1,949,287
1,993,823
2,382,638
2,177,069
Borrowings
733,392
872,899
802,268
814,772
778,323
Net debt (adjusted)5)
548,511
555,348
494,944
486,393
518,220
Net cash flows from operating activities
446,162
378,142
394,395
449,352
201,427
Investments
50,999
48,269
41,350
89,278
79,913
1) EBITDA– earnings before interest, income tax, share of result of associates, depreciation and amortisation, and impairment of intangible assets and property, 
plant and equipment
2) Operating profit– earnings before income tax, finance income and costs
3) Profit before tax– earnings before income tax
4) Dividends paid to the equity holder of the Parent Company. (see Note 21 b)
5) Net debt (adjusted):
Net debt (until 2019) = (borrowings at the end of the year minus Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS borrowings at the end of the year) minus (cash and cash equivalents 
at the end of the year minus Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year)
Net debt (as from 2020) = (borrowings at the end of the year minus loans to Augstsprieguma tīkls AS at the end of the year) minus cash and cash equivalents 
at the end of the year
These financial figures and ratios have not changed since the previous period, excluding the Net debt 
calculation. With the separation of the transmission assets, starting from 2020, loans of Latvijas elektriskie 
tīkli AS included in the calculation are replaced by loans to Augstsprieguma tīkls AS.
Financial ratios
2020
2019
2018
2017
2016
EBITDA margin6)
51.3%
25.7%
37.0%
77.6%
47.0%
Operating profit margin7)
28.9%
10.3%
7.8%
35.6%
27.5%
Profit before tax margin8)
40.2%
23.1%
48.9%
37.3%
30.4%
Profit margin9)
40.2%
23.1%
48.9%
30.3%
26.8%
Equity–to–asset ratio10)
63%
62%
63%
65%
68%
Net debt / equity (adjusted)11)
0.31
0.29
0.25
0.24
0.27
Current ratio12)
2.3
1.8
2.0
4.3
2.3
Return on assets (ROA)13)
5.3%
3.2%
6.3%
4.4%
4.3%
Return on equity (ROE)14)
8.4%
5.1%
9.7%
6.6%
6.4%
Return on capital employed (ROCE) (adjusted)15)
4.4%
1.7%
1.2%
5.9%
4.9%
Dividend pay–out ratio16)
126%
62%
104%
66%
82%
Operational figures
2020
2019
2018
2017
2016
Total electricity supply, incl.:
GWh
5,318
5,502
5,826
6,265
6,039
 - Retail*
GWh
4,235
4,211
4,406
4,619
5,290
 - Wholesale**
GWh
1,083
1,290
1,419
1,645
749
Retail natural gas
GWh
453
294
145
33
–
Electricity generated
GWh
4,215
4,832
5,028
5,687
4,660
Thermal energy generated
GWh
1,475
1,603
2,007
2,354
2,422
Number of employees
1,267
1,328
1,355
1,431
1,472
Moody’s credit rating
Baa2 (stable)
Baa2 (stable) Baa2 (stable) Baa2 (stable)
Baa2 (stable)
6) EBITDA margin = EBITDA / revenue
7) Operating profit margin = operating profit / revenue
8) Profit before tax margin = profit before tax / revenue
9) Profit margin = profit / revenue
10) Equity–to–asset ratio = total equity at the end of the year / total assets at the end of the year
11) Net debt / equity = net debt at the end of the year / equity at the end of the year
12) Current ratio = current assets at the end of the year / current liabilities at the end of the year
13) Return on assets (ROA) = profit / average value of assets ((assets at the beginning of the year + assets at the end of the year) / 2)
14) Return on equity (ROE) = profit / average value of equity ((equity at the beginning of the year + equity at the end of the year) / 2)
15) Return on capital employed (ROCE) = operating profit / (average value of equity ((equity at the beginning of the year + equity at the end of the year) / 2) + 
average value of borrowings ((borrowings at the beginning of the year + borrowings at the end of the year) / 2))
16) Dividend pay–out ratio = dividends / profit of the Parent Company
* Including operating consumption
** Including sale of energy purchased within the mandatory procurement on the Nord Pool
4

--- Page 89 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
Management Report
Latvenergo Group (the Group) is one of the largest power supply providers in the Baltics operating in 
electricity and thermal energy generation and trade, natural gas trade, electricity distribution services and, 
until 10 June 2020, lease of transmission system assets.
Latvenergo Group – one of the largest power suppliers in the Baltics
The parent company of Latvenergo Group is Latvenergo AS which is a power supply utility operating in 
electricity and thermal energy generation and trade, as well as natural gas trade in Latvia.
Operating Environment
In 2020, electricity spot prices in the Nordics and the Baltics were lower compared to the previous year 
due to the normalization of the Nordic hydro balance and lower demand for electricity due to warmer 
weather in winter season and COVID-19. In 2020, the electricity spot price in Latvia decreased by 26% 
compared to the previous year.
Energy prices declined
Due to lower demand, the average price of Brent crude oil in 2020 was 43.2 USD/bbl, which was 33% 
lower than in the previous year, while the average price of coal (API2 Rotterdam Coal Futures Cal 21) 
decreased by 19% compared to the year 2019, reaching 57.9 USD/t. Due to the decrease in oil and 
coal prices, there was a decline in the price of natural gas. In the reporting year, the average Front Month 
price of natural gas at GASPOOL (the German natural gas virtual trading point) and the TTF (the Dutch 
natural gas virtual trading point) was 35% lower than in the previous year. The average natural gas (Front 
Month) price was 9.7 EUR/MWh at the GASPOOL and 9.5 EUR/MWh at the TTF. The average price of 
CO2 emission allowances (EUA DEC.20) in the reporting year decreased by 3%, declining to 24.5 EUR/t. 
Lower economic activity and raw material prices were reducing CO2 prices, however, the decline in CO2 
prices was restricted by the European Commission’s announcements of the new goals of the European 
Climate Act or the “Green Deal” to achieve climate neutrality by 2050.
Sweden (SE4)
25.82 EUR/MWh
Finland
28.00 EUR/MWh
Estonia
33.68 EUR/MWh
Latvia
34.03 EUR/MWh
Lithuania
34.02 EUR/MWh
2019: 39.80
(35%)
(36%)
(27%)
(26%)
(26%)
2019: 44.08
2019: 45.86
2019: 46.28
2019: 46.12
Electricity wholesale price on Nord Pool power exchange
5

--- Page 90 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
Significant Events
Unbundling transmission system asset ownership
The most common transmission system management model in Europe is one in which the network 
assets are owned by the transmission system operator. Therefore, on 8 October 2019, the Cabinet of 
Ministers of the Republic of Latvia (CM) decided to support full unbundling of ownership of the electricity 
transmission system operator (TSO) until 1 July 2020, providing that transmission assets will be taken 
over from Latvenergo AS by Augstsprieguma tīkls AS (AST).
The revenue of the transmission system asset leasing segment represented 4% of Latvenergo Group’s 
revenue; EBITDA and asset value represented 14% and 17% respectively.
On 10 June 2020, transmission system assets in the amount of EUR 694.3 million were separated 
from Latvenergo Group, transferring all the shares of Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS (LET) in the amount 
of EUR  222.7  million to the Ministry of Economics. Therefore, the share capital of Latvenergo  AS 
was decreased to EUR 612.2 million. The market value of 100% LET shares were valued by 
KPMG Baltics AS. 
On 9 July 2020, in accordance with the decision of the CM on unbundling of transmission assets, the 
shareholders’ meeting of Latvenergo AS decided to increase the share capital of Latvenergo AS by 
EUR 178.1 million by investing in Latvenergo AS retained earnings from previous years and determining 
the share capital of Latvenergo AS in the amount of EUR 790.3 million.
In November 2020, the legal process of property rights reform of the Latvian electricity transmission 
system has been completed – LET was incorporated in AST.
Along with the unbundling of LET, all LET liabilities were transferred, including the Latvenergo AS loan to 
LET in the amount of EUR 225 million. The AST loans will be repaid to Latvenergo AS in three instalments, 
of which EUR 139 million were already repaid in June 2020 and the remaining amount will be repaid in 
equal parts in 2022 and 2023.
The investment financing required by the Group will also decrease – in the last 5 years the average amount 
of investments in the transmission assets was EUR 60 million per year.
On 7 August 2020, the international credit rating agency Moody’s Investors Service renewed the 
Latvenergo AS credit analysis, maintaining the investment grade Baa2 with a stable outlook, also taking 
into account the unbundling of transmission system asset ownership.
Amendments to the Electricity Market Law
On 17 September 2020, at the first reading the Saeima supported the amendments to the Electricity 
Market Law. The draft law provides for the deletion of some stipulations of the Electricity Market Law, 
which defines payments of a guaranteed fee for electrical capacity installed at cogeneration power plants. 
Also, it provides for terminating the order that states that the electricity costs incurred by the public trader 
in carrying out the statutory functions are borne by the final consumers. The draft law may have an impact 
on Latvenergo Group’s profits and asset value.
At the same time, regarding the CM Order No. 595 On the conceptual report “Complex measures for 
solving the problem of the mandatory procurement public service obligation fee and development of the 
electricity market”, adopted on October 12, 2020, the average public service obligation fee (hereinafter– 
PSO fee) was reduced by 23% to 17,51 EUR/MWh starting from 1 January 2021.
On changes in the Management Board of Latvenergo AS
On October 30, 2020, Āris Žīgurs, the Chairman of the Management Board of Latvenergo AS, ceased 
to work for Latvenergo AS. As of October 31, Guntars Baļčūns, Member of the Management Board 
and Chief Financial Officer, is appointed as acting Chairman of the Latvenergo AS Management Board. 
On November 11, 2020, Uldis Bariss, Member of the Management Board and Commercial Director of 
Latvenergo AS, ceased to work for Latvenergo AS. The Chief Technology and Support Officer Kaspars 
Cikmačs continues to work in the Management Board. On November 6, 2020, Arnis Kurgs and on 
January 29, 2021, Uldis Mucinieks were appointed as members of the temporary board of the Company, 
and they will perform the duties of these positions until the establishment of the permanent composition of 
the board. New members of the Board of Latvenergo AS will be selected through a competition procedure.
On the impact of COVID-19 on Latvenergo Group operations
Latvenergo Group continuously evaluates the impact of the spread of COVID-19, implements measures 
for customer and employee safety, and ensures appropriate shift arrangements in the facilities of strategic 
importance: the Daugava HPPs, the Latvenergo AS CHPPs and the facilities of Sadales tīkls AS.
The restrictions implemented in the Baltics in order to limit the spread of COVID-19 reduced economic 
activity, including electricity consumption. In 2020, electricity consumption in Latvia decreased by 2.2%, 
and this was due to both the spread of COVID-19 and warmer weather.
In the reporting year, Latvenergo Group services have not been significantly affected by the spread of the 
virus. The Group continues to ensure generation of electricity and thermal energy, as well as uninterrupted 
and accessible trade and distribution of electricity and natural gas to all its customers.
Operating Results
Generation
In the reporting year, Latvenergo Group was the largest electricity producer in the Baltics, producing 29% 
of the total electricity generated in the Baltics. The total amount generated by Latvenergo Group’s power 
plants comprised 4,249 GWh of electricity and 1,702 GWh of thermal energy.
6

--- Page 91 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
The share of electricity generated from renewable energy sources comprised 60%
The amount of power generated at the Daugava HPPs was 23% higher compared to 2019, reaching 
2,528 GWh. The relatively larger amount of power generated at the Daugava HPPs was impacted by 
higher water inflow in the Daugava River. In 2020, the average water inflow in the Daugava River was 
500 m3/s, while in 2019 it was 401 m3/s. The share of electricity generated from renewable energy sources 
at Latvenergo Group was 60% (2019: 42%). 
In the reporting year, the amount generated at the Latvenergo AS CHPPs reached 1,685 GWh, which was 
39% less than in 2019. The operation of the CHPPs is adjusted to the conditions of the electricity market 
and heat demand.
In 2020, the total amount of thermal energy generated by Latvenergo Group decreased by 8% compared 
to the previous year. The decrease was impacted by warmer weather.
Trade
In 2020, Latvenergo Group maintained a stable position in the Baltic electricity market, continuing 
to actively expand into new business segments by launching operations in the Lithuanian household 
electricity market.
In the reporting year, the total electricity consumption in the Baltics decreased by 2.4% compared to 
2019. This was due to warmer weather conditions and the COVID-19 emergency restrictions announced 
in all three Baltic countries.
In 2020, the Group supplied 6.4 TWh of electricity in the Baltics. The overall amount of retail electricity 
trade outside Latvia accounted for 1/3 of the total. The electricity trade volume in Latvia was 4.2 TWh, 
while in Lithuania it was 1.2 TWh and in Estonia it was 0.9 TWh.
Latvenergo – an energy company that operates in all segments of the market in Latvia, 
Lithuania and Estonia
The total number of electricity customers comprised approximately 740 thousand, including 49 thousand 
foreign customers. The Group has prepared for the partial opening of the Lithuanian household market 
to free competition from January 2021. By the end of 2020, more than 13,000 trade agreements were 
concluded in this segment.
In 2020, Latvenergo Group’s natural gas sales to retail customers were 70% higher than in the previous 
year, reaching 516 GWh. The increase in natural gas sales can be observed in all three Baltic countries, due 
to the positive dynamics of the number of customers, especially in the segments of Latvian households 
and Lithuanian business customers.
At the end of the reporting year, the natural gas portfolio consisted of 13.5 thousand customers, of which 
12.1 thousand were households.
In 2020, the retail activities of other services in the Baltic states continued. More than 600 contracts 
were signed for the installation of solar panels in the Baltics; thus, the number of concluded 
contracts has almost doubled compared to the previous year. By the end of the reporting year, the 
total installed solar panel capacity provided to Latvenergo Group’s retail customers in the Baltics 
reached 6.3 MW; 79% of panels are installed for customers outside Latvia. In 2020, Elektrum started 
construction projects for two solar panel parks in Lithuania and Estonia with total planned installed 
capacity of 1.75 MW. Steady growth in the number of Elektrum Insured customers in the Baltics 
continued, reaching almost 100  thousand. The development of the Elektrum e-shop continued, 
exceeding 2,400 transactions in 2020. Since the opening of the electric vehicle charging network in 
August 2019 until the end of 2020, customers of the Elektrum mobile application have made more 
than 8,000 public charges.
Distribution
Distribution segment provides electricity distribution services in Latvia. Sadales tīkls AS is the largest state 
distribution system operator, covering approximately 98% of the territory of Latvia. Distribution system 
tariffs are approved by the Public Utilities Commission (PUC).
Sadales tīkls AS provides electricity distribution services to more than 800 thousand customers. During the 
reporting year, the customer satisfaction of Sadales tīkls AS has significantly increased, and the European 
Distribution System Operators’ Association E.DSO has recognized the company as an example of good 
practice for customer service solutions in Europe.
Sadales tīkls AS – an example of good practice for customer service solutions in Europe
Since 2017, Sadales tīkls AS has been implementing an efficiency programme, which comprises process 
reviews, decreasing the number of employees and transportation units, and optimizing the number of 
technical and support real estate bases. Within the framework of this programme, we are planning to 
further reduce the number of employees at Sadales tīkls AS by around 800 in total by 2022. As of 
31 December 2020, the number of employees at Sadales tīkls AS has been reduced by more than 650. 
At the end of the reporting year, the amount of smart electricity meters installed by the company 
comprised more than 850 thousand, which was approximately 3/4 of the total number of electricity 
meters of customers of Sadales tīkls AS. The measures taken by Sadales tīkls AS within the framework 
of the efficiency improvement programme contributed to a 5.5% reduction in the average distribution 
system service tariff as of 1 January 2020.
In 2020, the amount of electricity distributed was 6,286 GWh, which is 4% less than in 2019. It was 
affected by warmer weather and Covid-19.
Investments in modernization of distribution assets have increased the quality of distribution services by 
lowering System Average Interruption Frequency Index (SAIFI) and System Average Interruption Duration 
Index (SAIDI). In 2020, SAIFI was 2.3 times, but SAIDI was 219 minutes. Over the last five years, SAIFI has 
decreased by 26% and SAIDI has decreased by 24%.
7

--- Page 92 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
Financial Results
In 2020, Latvenergo Group’s revenue reached EUR 773.4 million, which was EUR 68.2 million or 8% less 
than in 2019. This was mainly affected by:
 
y EUR 30.7 million lower energy sales revenues due to lower electricity prices and 13% less electricity 
generated. In addition, 2.4% decrease in electricity consumption in the Baltics was due to warmer 
weather and COVID-19;
 
y EUR 23.7 million lower revenue from electricity distribution service due to the lower amount of 
distributed electricity and the reduced average electricity distribution service tariff;
 
y EUR 14.8 million lower heat sales due to warmer weather conditions.
Latvenergo Group’s EBITDA increased by 14% compared to 2019, reaching EUR 277.9 million. This was 
positively affected by lower electricity purchase prices and 23% or 480 GWh higher electricity output at 
the Daugava HPPs. In 2020, the electricity spot price in Latvia decreased by 26% compared to 2019. 
EBITDA was negatively affected by lower distribution segment revenue.
Group’s EBITDA increased by 14%
The Group’s profit for the reporting year reached EUR 116.3 million, which is by 23% more than in 2019.
The Group’s ROE in 2020 reached 5.3% which is by 1.2 basis points more than in 2019. The financial 
indicators of the capital structure ensured achievement of the set goals, exceeding average industry 
indicators as well. For information on achievement of the financial goals, see the Sustainability Report 
section “Group Strategy”.
Investments
In 2020, the total amount of investment comprised EUR 168.9 million which was EUR 60.6 million or 26% 
less than in the previous year. The decrease in the amount of investment was due to EUR 58.6 million 
lower investments in transmission system assets than in 2019.
Investment in power network assets – approximately 2/3 of the total
To ensure high-quality power network service, technical parameters and operational safety, a significant 
amount is invested in the modernization of the power network. In the reporting year, the amount invested 
in power network assets represented 69% of total investment. EUR 28.8 million of this was invested in 
transmission system assets. In the reporting year, investments in the distribution system assets amounted 
to EUR 87.4 million, which is 8% less than in 2019.
Contributing to environmentally friendly projects, in 2020, EUR 18.5 million was invested in the Daugava 
HPPs’ hydropower unit reconstruction. The Hydropower unit reconstruction programme for the Daugava 
HPPs envisages the reconstruction of 11 hydropower units in order to ensure environmentally safe, 
sustainable and competitive operations and efficient water resource management. As of 31 December 
2020, six reconstructed hydropower units have been put into operation within the programme. Latvenergo 
Group is proceeding with a gradual overhaul of five Daugava HPPs’ hydropower units with estimated 
total reconstruction costs exceeding EUR 200 million. As of 31 December 2020, work completed within 
the scope of the contract reached EUR  184.6  million. Reconstruction will ensure functionality of the 
hydropower units for another 40 years.
Funding
Latvenergo Group finances its investments from its own resources and external long-term borrowings, 
which are regularly sourced in financial and capital markets in a timely manner.
As of 31 December 2020, the Group’s borrowings amounted to EUR 743.2 million (31 December 2019: 
EUR 882.7 million), comprising loans from commercial banks, international investment banks, and 
EUR 100 million green bonds.
Latvenergo Group’s debt repayment schedule
Total borrowings as of 31 December 2020: 743.2 MEUR
MEUR
2024
2025
2026-2034
99.5
102.8
166.3
2020
2022
2021
2023
178.2
109.2
149.5
115.8
Loans
Repaid
Green Bonds
8

--- Page 93 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
Latvenergo AS again receives the award for Best Investor Relations on the Bond Market
In 2020, the Financial and Capital Market Commission has registered the base prospectus of the third 
bond programme of Latvenergo AS, allowing it to make a public offering of bonds. The total amount of 
the bond programme in nominal value is up to EUR 200 million and the maturity of the bonds is up to 
10 years. The bonds will be issued in the format of green bonds, for which the Green Bond Framework 
of Latvenergo AS was developed. The independent research centre CICERO Shades of Green has rated 
the updated Latvenergo AS green bonds framework as Dark Green (the highest category), indicating 
the compliance of the planned projects with long-term environmental protection and climate change 
mitigation objectives, as well as good governance and transparency.
After the reporting year, on 3 February 2021, Latvenergo AS has for the second time received the award 
for the best investor relations among all bond issuers on the Nasdaq Baltic regulated markets in the Baltic 
countries. When granting the award for the best investor relations, the stock exchange has especially 
appreciated the sustainability reports prepared by Latvenergo Group, its informative and investor-friendly 
website, as well as timely disclosure of information.
On 7 August 2020, the international credit rating agency Moody’s Investors Service renewed the 
Latvenergo AS credit analysis. The rating of Latvenergo AS remained unchanged: Baa2 with a stable 
outlook. On 11 February 2021 Moody’s completed a periodic review of the rating of Latvenergo AS. 
Credit rating Baa2 for Latvenergo AS has been stable for six years in a row, confirming the consistency of 
operations and financial soundness of Latvenergo Group.
Corporate Governance
Along with the financial results of Latvenergo Group, also the Corporate Governance Report of 
Latvenergo AS for 2020 is published. For detailed information see the Sustainability Report 2020.
Non-financial Report
Latvenergo Group has prepared a non-financial report in accordance with the Law on the Financial 
Instruments Market (Article 564).
Non-financial report is prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards
For detailed information on Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) activities, description of the policies 
and procedures in relation to those matters, the outcome of application of the policies, risks and risk 
management, and non-financial key performance indicators, please see the Sustainability Report 
2020 which is available on the Latvenergo website: http://www.latvenergo.lv. The report is prepared in 
accordance with the GRI Standards – Core option requirements.
The sustainability report addresses such topics as corporate social responsibility, economic performance, 
product responsibility, society, employees and the work environment, environmental protection, etc.
Further Development
Latvenergo Group’s strategy for 2017–2022 foresees:
 
y strengthening of a sustainable and economically sound market position in core markets (in the Baltics) 
while considering geographic and / or product / service expansion;
 
y development of a generation portfolio that fosters synergy with trade and that promotes an increase 
in value for the Group;
 
y development of a customer-driven, functional, safe and efficient power network.
Comprehensive Efficiency Programme
Taking into consideration the defined development directions of the Group, Latvenergo AS approved 
the Strategic Development and Efficiency Programme in 2017. While the strategic development section 
includes major strategic projects, the efficiency section provides for the revision, centralization and 
digitalization of the Group’s processes in order to maintain the Group’s profitability in the long term 
considering the increase in costs due to inflation. The estimated efficiency potential for the Group’s 
EBITDA is up to EUR 40 million. This is the Group’s largest optimization plan in the last decade, and it will 
allow the Group to increase its value in the long run and to remain competitive in an open market and a 
changing energy industry.
The activities planned in the strategy have been successfully implemented in 2020. For more information 
please see the Sustainability Report section “Group Strategy”.
Along with the strategy approval, Latvenergo Group’s financial targets have been set. The targets are 
divided into three groups– profitability, capital structure and dividend policy.
Target group
Ratio
Year 2022
Profitability
Return on equity 
> 6%
Capital structure
Net debt to equity
< 50%
Net debt to EBITDA
< 3 times
Dividend policy
Dividend 
> 80%
9

--- Page 94 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
The financial targets are set to ensure:
 
y ambitious, yet achievable profitability, which is consistent with the average ratios of benchmark 
companies in the European energy sector and provides for an adequate return on the business risk;
 
y an optimal and industry-relevant capital structure that limits potential financial risks;
 
y an adequate dividend policy that is consistent with the planned investment policy and capital structure 
targets.
Financial Risk Management
The activities of Latvenergo Group and Latvenergo AS are exposed to a variety of financial risks: market 
risks, credit risk, and liquidity and cash flow risk. Latvenergo Group’s Financial Risk Management Policy 
focuses on eliminating the potential adverse effects from such risks on financial performance. In the 
framework of financial risk management, Latvenergo Group and Latvenergo AS use various financial risk 
controls and hedging to reduce certain risk exposures.
a) Market risks
I) Price risk
Price risk might negatively affect the financial results of Latvenergo Group and Latvenergo AS due to 
falling revenue from generation and a mismatch between electricity purchases at floating market prices 
and retail sales at fixed prices.
The main sources of Latvenergo Group’s and Latvenergo AS exposure to price risk are the floating 
market prices of electricity on the Nord Pool power exchange in Baltic bidding areas and the fuel price 
for CHPPs. The financial results of the Group and the Parent Company may be negatively affected by 
the volatility of the electricity market price, which depends on the weather conditions in the Nordic 
countries, global prices of resources, and the influence of local factors (water availability and ambient 
air temperature) on electricity generation opportunities. Movement in natural gas price due to changing 
demand–supply factors and seasonal fluctuations may have a negative effect on the difference between 
fixed retail electricity prices in contracts with customers and variable generation costs at CHPPs.
In order to hedge the price risk, the Latvenergo Group and Latvenergo AS enter into long-term fixed 
price customer contracts, uses electricity and natural gas financial derivatives, and enter into fixed price 
contracts for natural gas supply. The impact of price risk on generation is hedged gradually – price has 
been fixed for 80%–90% of projected electricity output prior to the upcoming year. Further hedging of 
risk is limited by the seasonal generation pattern of the Daugava HPPs.
II) Interest rate risk
Latvenergo Group’s and Latvenergo AS interest rate risk mainly arises from non-current borrowings 
at variable interest rates. They expose the Group and the Parent Company to the risk that finance 
costs might increase significantly when the reference rate surges. Most of the borrowings from financial 
institutions have a variable interest rate, comprising 6-month EURIBOR and a margin. The Group’s 
Financial Risk Management Policy stipulates maintaining more than 35% of its borrowings as fixed 
interest rate borrowings (taking into account the effect of interest rate swaps and issued bonds) with a 
duration of 1–4 years (2019: 2–4 years). Taking into account the effect of interest rate swaps and bonds 
with a fixed interest rate, 38% of the Group’s and 39% of the Parent Company’s borrowings had a fixed 
interest rate with an average duration of 1.6 years both for the Group and the parent Company as of 
31 December 2020.
III) Currency risk
Foreign currency exchange risk arises when future transactions or recognised assets or liabilities are 
denominated in a currency other than the functional currency.
As of 31 December 2020, all borrowings of Latvenergo Group and Latvenergo AS are denominated in 
euros, and during the reporting year, there was no substantial exposure to foreign currency risk as regards 
the Group’s and the Parent Company’s investments in non–current or current assets.
To manage the foreign currency exchange risk, the Financial Risk Management Policy envisages use of 
foreign exchange forward contracts.
b) Credit risk
Credit risk is managed at the Latvenergo Group level. Credit risk arises from cash and cash equivalents, 
derivative financial instruments and deposits with banks, and receivables. Credit risk exposure of 
receivables is limited due to the large number of Group customers as there is no significant concentration 
of credit risk with any single counterparty or group of counterparties with similar characteristics.
Credit risk related to cash and deposits with banks is managed by balancing the placement of financial 
assets in order to simultaneously choose the best offers and reduce the probability of incurrence of loss. 
No credit limits were exceeded during the reporting year, and the management does not expect any 
losses due to the occurrence of credit risk.
c) Liquidity risk and cash flow risk
Latvenergo Group’s liquidity and cash flow risk management policy is to maintain a sufficient amount of 
cash and cash equivalents and the availability of long and short-term funding through an adequate amount 
of committed credit facilities in order to meet existing and expected commitments and compensate for 
fluctuations in cash flows due to the occurrence of a variety of financial risks. On 31 December 2020, 
Latvenergo Group’s liquid assets (cash and cash equivalents – short–term deposits up to 3 months) 
reached EUR 100.7 million (31 December 2019: EUR 122.7 million), while the Latvenergo AS liquid assets 
reached EUR 98.3 million (31/12/2019: EUR 121.3 million).
The Group and the Parent Company continuously monitor cash flow and liquidity forecasts, which 
comprise the undrawn borrowing facilities and cash and cash equivalents.
10

--- Page 95 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
Events after the reporting period
On 17 December 2020, the Shareholders’ meeting of Enerģijas publiskais tirgotājs AS accepted decision 
on the reorganisation of the company through transforming it into a limited liability company Enerģijas 
publiskais tirgotājs SIA. On 31 March 2021 the reorganisation process was completed and Enerģijas 
publiskais tirgotājs AS was transformed into Enerģijas publiskais tirgotājs SIA by taking over of all rights 
and liabilities of Enerģijas publiskais tirgotājs AS and continuing to perform them in full.
All other significant events that would materially affect the financial position of the Latvenergo Group 
and Latvenergo AS after the reporting period are disclosed in Note 32 of the Group’s and the Parent 
Company’s Financial Statements.
Statement of management responsibility
Based on the information available to the Management Board of Latvenergo AS, the Latvenergo Group 
Consolidated and Latvenergo AS Annual Report 2020, including the Management Report, have been 
prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU and in 
all material aspects present a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial position, profit and loss 
and its cash flows of Latvenergo Group and Latvenergo AS. Information provided in the Management 
Report is accurate.
Profit distribution
According to the Law “On the Medium-Term Budget Framework for 2021, 2022 and 2023” the expected 
amount of dividends to be paid by Latvenergo AS for the use of state capital in 2021 (for the reporting year 
2020) amounted not less than EUR 98,2 million (incl. income tax). The distribution of net profit and amount 
of dividends payable is subject to a resolution of the Latvenergo AS Shareholders Meeting.
This document is signed with a secure digital signature and contains a time stamp
The Management Board of Latvenergo AS:
Guntars Baļčūns	
Kaspars Cikmačs	
Arnis Kurgs	
Uldis Mucinieks
Chairman of the Management Board	
Member of the Management Board	
Member of the Management Board	
Member of the Management Board
13 April 2021
11

--- Page 96 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
EUR’000
 
Notes
Group
Parent Company
2020
2019
2020
2019
Revenue
6
773,391
841,636
385,612
437,529
Other income
7 
28,732
25,863
63,177
23,558
Raw materials and consumables
8
(369,261)
(477,660)
(173,884)
(271,069)
Personnel expenses
 9
(105,971)
(101,349)
(45,657)
(45,039)
Other operating expenses
 10
(48,997)
(44,964)
(31,359)
(32,328)
EBITDA
 
277,894
243,526
197,889
112,651
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment of intangible 
assets, property, plant and equipment and right-of-use 
assets
13 a,14 a, 
15
(156,544)
(143,161)
(86,259)
(67,543)
Operating profit
 
121,350
100,365
111,630
45,108
Finance income
11
2,125
1,187
12,768
12,995
Finance costs
11
(10,776)
(9,480)
(11,293)
(11,734)
Dividends from subsidiaries
16
–
–
41,743
54,858
Profit before tax
 
112,699
92,072
154,848
101,227
Income tax
 12
(6,234)
(7,945)
–
–
Profit for the year from continuing operations
 
106,465
84,127
154,848
101,227
Profit for the year from discontinued operations
30
9,844
10,232
–
–
Profit for the year
116,309
94,359
154,848
101,227
Profit attributable to:
 
 - Equity holder of the Parent Company
21 c
114,513
92,660
154,848
101,227
 - Non-controlling interests
21 c
1,796
1,699
–
–
Basic earnings per share (in euros)
21 c
0.144
0.111
0.195
0.121
Diluted earnings per share (in euros)
21 c
0.144
0.111
0.195
0.121
The notes on pages 16 to 62 are an integral part of these Financial Statements
Statement of Comprehensive Income
EUR’000
Notes
Group
Parent Company
2020
2019
2020
2019
Profit for the year
116,309
94,359
154,848
101,227
Other comprehensive loss to be reclassified to profit or 
loss in subsequent periods:
 - losses from change in hedge reserve
21 a, 24
(7,774)
(11,771)
(7,774)
(11,771)
Net other comprehensive loss to be reclassified to 
profit or loss in subsequent periods
(7,774)
(11,771)
(7,774)
(11,771)
Other comprehensive income / (loss) not to be 
reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods:
 - gains on revaluation of property, plant and equipment
14 a, 21 a
96,264
–
–
–
 - losses as a result of re-measurement on defined 
post-employment benefit plan
21 a, 27
(476)
(2,043)
(176)
(1,148)
Net other comprehensive income / (loss) not to be 
reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods
95,788
(2,043)
(176)
(1,148)
Other comprehensive income / (loss) for the year
88,014
(13,814)
(7,950)
(12,919)
TOTAL comprehensive income for the year
204,323
80,545
146,898
88,308
Attributable to:
 - Equity holder of the Parent Company
202,527
78,846
146,898
88,308
 - Non-controlling interests
1,796
1,699
–
–
The notes on pages 16 to 62 are an integral part of these Financial Statements
This document is signed with a secure digital signature and contains a time stamp
The Management Board of Latvenergo AS:
Guntars Baļčūns	
Kaspars Cikmačs	
Arnis Kurgs	
Uldis Mucinieks
Chairman of the Management Board	
Member of the Management Board	
Member of the Management Board	
Member of the Management Board
Liāna Ķeldere
Accounting director of Latvenergo AS
13 April 2021
12

--- Page 97 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
Statement of Financial Position
EUR’000
 
Notes
Group
 
Parent Company
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
  31/12/2020
31/12/2019
ASSETS
 
 
 
 
 
Non-current assets
 
 
 
 
 
Intangible assets
13 a
50,028
22,587
16,193
26,111
Property, plant and equipment
14 a
2,827,326
2,752,945
1,071,570
1,109,001
Right–of–use assets
15
8,253
5,522
4,486
3,476
Investment property
14 b
512
301
3,334
39,435
Non-current financial investments
16
40
39
645,218
831,350
Non-current loans to related parties
29 e
86,620
–
563,783
588,434
Other non-current receivables
18 b
429
433
417
421
Derivative financial instruments
24
291
–
291
–
Other financial investments
22
2,693
16,885
2,693
16,885
Total non-current assets
 
2,976,192
2,798,712
2,307,985
2,615,113
Current assets
 
Inventories
17
68,754
104,927
50,471
89,522
Current intangible assets
13 a
3,157
–
3,157
–
Receivables from contracts with customers
18 a
108,178
111,530
75,856
82,973
Other current receivables
18 b, c
85,316
77,085
29,610
13,328
Deferred expenses
 
1,083
3,015
960
2,082
Current loans to related parties
 29 e
–
–
178,446
205,822
Prepayment for income tax
43
140
–
140
Derivative financial instruments
24
1,266
6,717
1,266
6,717
Other financial investments
22
14,143
–
14,143
–
Cash and cash equivalents
19
100,703
122,422
98,261
121,261
Current assets excluding assets held for distribution
382,643
425,836
452,170
521,845
Assets held for distribution
30
–
640,393
–
–
Total current assets
 
382,643
1,066,229
452,170
521,845
TOTAL ASSETS
 
3,358,835
3,864,941
2,760,155
3,136,958
Statement of Financial Position (continued)
EUR’000
 
Notes
Group
 
Parent Company
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
  31/12/2020
31/12/2019
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
 
EQUITY
 
Share capital
20
790,348
834,883
790,348
834,883
Reserves
21 a
1,154,367
1,075,235
766,115
778,162
Retained earnings
 
165,672
318,555
189,973
336,242
Reserves of disposal group classified as held for 
distribution
30
–
28,936
–
–
Equity attributable to equity holder of the Parent 
Company
 
2,110,387
2,257,609
1,746,436
1,949,287
Non-controlling interests
 
7,855
7,878
–
–
Total equity
 
2,118,242
2,265,487
1,746,436
1,949,287
LIABILITIES
 
Non-current liabilities
 
Borrowings
23 
634,077
702,129
626,408
696,863
Lease liabilities
15
6,783
4,349
3,734
3,126
Deferred income tax liabilities
12
6,401
8,327
–
–
Provisions
27
17,317
18,491
8,402
8,489
Derivative financial instruments
24
9,672
6,149
9,672
6,149
Deferred income from contracts with customers
28 I a
139,613
143,330
863
877
Other deferred income
28 I b, c
170,413
194,033
163,480
186,297
Total non-current liabilities
 
984,276
1,076,808
812,559
901,801
Current liabilities
 
Borrowings
23 
109,122
180,542
106,984
176,036
Lease liabilities
15
1,561
1,216
806
376
Trade and other payables
26
100,912
115,708
63,704
78,381
Deferred income from contracts with customers
28 II a
15,091
13,764
813
63
Other deferred income
28 II b, c
24,799
24,857
24,021
24,031
Derivative financial instruments
24 
4,832
6,983
4,832
6,983
Current liabilities excluding liabilities held for distribution
256,317
343,070
201,160
285,870
Liabilities directly associated with the assets held for 
distribution
30
–
179,576
–
–
Total current liabilities
 
256,317
522,646
201,160
285,870
Total liabilities
1,240,593
1,599,454
1,013,719
1,187,671
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
 
3,358,835
3,864,941
2,760,155
3,136,958
The notes on pages 16 to 62 are an integral part of these Financial Statements
This document is signed with a secure digital signature and contains a time stamp
The Management Board of Latvenergo AS:
Guntars Baļčūns	
Kaspars Cikmačs	
Arnis Kurgs	
Uldis Mucinieks
Chairman of the Management Board	
Member of the Management Board	
Member of the Management Board	
Member of the Management Board
Liāna Ķeldere
Accounting director of Latvenergo AS
13 April 2021
13

--- Page 98 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
Statement of Changes in Equity
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
Attributable to equity holder of the Parent Company
Notes
Share 
capital
Reserves
Retained 
earnings
Reserves 
classified 
as held for 
distribution
Total
Non-
controlling 
interests
TOTAL
Share 
capital
Reserves
Retained 
earnings
TOTAL
As of 31 December 2018
834,791
1,125,466
351,350
–
2,311,607
8,458
2,320,065
834,791
794,555
364,477
1,993,823
Increase of share capital
14 a,20
92
–
–
–
92
–
92
92
–
–
92
Dividends for 2018
21 b
–
–
(132,936)
–
(132,936)
(2,279)
(135,215)
–
–
(132,936)
(132,936)
Disposal of non–current assets revaluation reserve
21 a
–
(7,481)
7,481
–
– 
– 
– 
–
(3,474)
3,474
– 
Discontinued operations
30
–
(28,936)
–
28,936
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
Total transactions with owners and other changes in equity
92
(36,417)
(125,455)
28,936
(132,844)
(2,279)
(135,123)
92
(3,474)
(129,462)
(132,844)
Profit for the year
–
–
92,660
–
92,660
1,699
94,359
–
–
101,227
101,227
Other comprehensive loss for the year
21 a
–
(13,814)
–
–
(13,814)
–
(13,814)
–
(12,919)
–
(12,919)
Total comprehensive income for the year
–
(13,814)
92,660
–
78,846
1,699
80,545
–
(12,919)
101,227
88,308
As of 31 December 2019
834,883
1,075,235
318,555
28,936
2,257,609
7,878
2,265,487
834,883
778,162
336,242
1,949,287
Decrease of share capital
20
(222,678)
–
–
–
(222,678)
–
(222,678)
(222,678)
–
–
(222,678)
Increase of share capital
20
178,143
–
(178,143)
–
–
–
–
178,143
–
(178,143)
–
Dividends for 2019
21 b
–
–
(127,071)
–
(127,071)
(1,819)
(128,890)
–
–
(127,071)
(127,071)
Disposal of non–current assets revaluation reserve
21 a
–
(8,882)
8,882
–
–
–
–
–
(4,097)
4,097
–
Discontinued operations
30
–
–
28,936
(28,936)
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
Total transactions with owners and other changes in equity
(44,535)
(8,882)
(267,396)
(28,936)
(349,749)
(1,819)
(351,568)
(44,535)
(4,097)
(301,117)
(349,749)
Profit for the year
–
–
114,513
–
114,513
1,796
116,309
–
–
154,848
154,848
Other comprehensive income / (loss) for the year
21 a
–
88,014
–
–
88,014
–
88,014
–
(7,950)
–
(7,950)
Total comprehensive income for the year
–
88,014
114,513
–
202,527
1,796
204,323
–
(7,950)
154,848
146,898
As of 31 December 2020
790,348
1,154,367
165,672
–
2,110,387
7,855
2,118,242
790,348
766,115
189,973
1,746,436
The notes on pages 16 to 62 are an integral part of these Financial Statements
This document is signed with a secure digital signature and contains a time stamp
The Management Board of Latvenergo AS:
Guntars Baļčūns	
Kaspars Cikmačs	
Arnis Kurgs	
Uldis Mucinieks
Chairman of the Management Board	
Member of the Management Board	
Member of the Management Board	
Member of the Management Board
Liāna Ķeldere
Accounting director of Latvenergo AS
13 April 2021
14

--- Page 99 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
Statement of Cash Flows
EUR’000
 
Notes
Group
Parent Company
2020
2019
2020
2019
Cash flows from operating activities
 
 
Profit before tax
112,699
92,072
154,848
101,227
Profit before tax from discontinued operation
30
9,946
12,667
–
–
Profit before tax, total
122,645
104,739
154,848
101,227
Adjustments:
 - Depreciation, amortisation and impairment of intangible 
assets, property, plant and equipment (PPE) and 
right-of-use assets
13 a, 
14 a, 15
168,146
167,918
86,259
67,543
 - Loss from disposal of non–current assets
22,284
26,980
17,007
21,965
 - Interest expense
11
10,355
9,346
10,963
11,590
 - Interest income
11
(2,137)
(1,034)
(12,780)
(12,842)
 - Fair value (income) / loss on derivative financial 
instruments
8
(1,242)
293
(1,242)
293
 - Dividends from subsidiaries
16
–
–
(41,743)
(54,858)
 - Decrease in provisions
27
(1,434)
(3,691)
(531)
(1,283)
 - Unrealised loss / (income) on currency translation 
differences
11
105
(54)
105
(54)
 - Gain from distribution of assets / non-current financial 
investment of Parent Company
(5,001)
–
(36,246)
–
Operating profit before working capital adjustments
313,721
304,497
176,640
133,581
Decrease / (increase) in inventories
36,205
(32,990)
39,061
(31,112)
(Increase) / decrease in receivables from contracts with 
customers and other receivables
(31,821)
41,083
69,643
45,110
(Decrease) / increase in trade and other liabilities
(6,659)
11,757
(28,311)
(38,789)
Impact of non-cash offsetting of operating receivables 
and liabilities from subsidiaries, net
–
–
200,140
270,009
Cash generated from operating activities
311,446
324,347
457,173
378,799
Interest paid
(11,517)
(9,483)
(12,195)
(11,741)
Interest paid on leases
15
(87)
(54)
(8)
–
Interest received
2,118
1,084
1,192
1,084
Paid corporate income tax
(10,766)
(461)
–
10,000
Net cash flows from operating activities
291,194
315,433
446,162
378,142
Statement of Cash Flows (continued)
EUR’000
 
Notes
Group
Parent Company
2020
2019
2020
2019
Cash flows from investing activities
Loans issued to subsidiaries, net
29 e
–
–
(286,688)
(272,401)
Repayment of loans to related parties
29 e
138,560
–
138,560
–
Purchase of intangible assets and PPE
(184,748)
(254,947)
(68,937)
(70,981)
Dividends received from subsidiaries
16
–
–
12,426
21,115
Proceeds from redemption of other financial investments
50
49
50
49
Net cash flows used in investing activities
(46,138)
(254,898)
(204,589)
(322,218)
Cash flows from financing activities
Repayment of issued debt securities (bonds)
23
(35,000)
–
(35,000)
–
Proceeds on borrowings from financial institutions
23
39,500
180,291
35,000
180,000
Repayment of borrowings
23
(143,176)
(112,102)
(138,692)
(109,513)
Received financing from European Union
1,515
579
1,351
250
Lease payments
15
(1,024)
(821)
(161)
(18)
Dividends paid to non–controlling interests
21 b
(1,819)
(2,279)
–
–
Dividends paid to equity holder of the Parent Company
21 b
(127,071)
(132,936)
(127,071)
(132,936)
Net cash flows used in financing activities
(267,075)
(67,268)
(264,573)
(62,217)
 
Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents
(22,019)
(6,733)
(23,000)
(6,293)
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year
19
122,722
129,455
121,261
127,554
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year
19
100,703
122,722
98,261
121,261
The notes on pages 16 to 62 are an integral part of these Financial Statements
This document is signed with a secure digital signature and contains a time stamp
The Management Board of Latvenergo AS:
Guntars Baļčūns	
Kaspars Cikmačs	
Arnis Kurgs	
Uldis Mucinieks
Chairman of the Management Board	
Member of the Management Board	
Member of the Management Board	
Member of the Management Board
Liāna Ķeldere
Accounting director of Latvenergo AS
13 April 2021
15

--- Page 100 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
Notes to the Financial Statements
1. Corporate information
All shares of public limited company Latvenergo, parent company of Latvenergo Group (hereinafter– 
Latvenergo AS or the Parent Company) are owned by the Republic of Latvia and are held by the Ministry 
of Economics of the Republic of Latvia. The registered address of the Parent Company is 12 Pulkveža 
Brieža Street, Riga, Latvia, LV–1230. According to the Energy Law of the Republic of Latvia, Latvenergo 
AS is designated as a national economy object of State importance and, therefore, is not subject to 
privatisation.
Latvenergo AS is power supply utility engaged in electricity and thermal energy generation, as well as 
sales of electricity and natural gas. Latvenergo AS is one of the largest corporate entities in the Baltics.
Latvenergo AS heads the Latvenergo Group (hereinafter– the Group) that includes the following 
subsidiaries:
 
y Sadales tīkls AS (since 18 September 2006) with 100% interest held.
 
y Elektrum Eesti OÜ (since 27 June 2007) and its subsidiary Elektrum Latvija SIA (since 18 September 
2012) with 100% interest held.
 
y Elektrum Lietuva, UAB (since 7 January 2008) with 100% interest held.
 
y Liepājas enerģija SIA (since 6 July 2005) with 51% interest held.
 
y Enerģijas publiskais tirgotājs AS (since 25 February 2014, on 31 March 2021 reorganised into 
a limited liability company (SIA) ) with 100% interest held.
From 10 February 2011 till 10 June 2020 the Group included Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS with 100% interest 
held in the company.
Latvenergo AS and its subsidiaries Sadales tīkls AS and Enerģijas publiskais tirgotājs AS are also 
shareholders with 48.15% interest held in company Pirmais Slēgtais Pensiju Fonds AS (Latvenergo AS 
holds 46.30% of interest) that manages a defined–contribution corporate pension plan in Latvia.
Latvenergo AS shareholding in subsidiaries, associates and other non-current financial investments are 
disclosed in Note 16.
The Management Board of Latvenergo AS:
Since 25 September 2018 the Management Board of Latvenergo AS was comprised of the following 
members: Āris Žīgurs (Chairman of the Board), Uldis Bariss, Guntars Baļčūns and Kaspars Cikmačs;
Since 31 October 2020 the Management Board of Latvenergo AS was comprised of the following 
members: Guntars Baļčūns (Chairman of the Board), Uldis Bariss and Kaspars Cikmačs;
Since 6 November 2020 the Management Board of Latvenergo AS was comprised of the following 
members: Guntars Baļčūns (Chairman of the Board), Uldis Bariss, Kaspars Cikmačs and Arnis Kurgs;
Since 12 November 2020 the Management Board of Latvenergo AS was comprised of the following 
members: Guntars Baļčūns (Chairman of the Board), Kaspars Cikmačs and Arnis Kurgs;
Since 1 February 2021 the Management Board of Latvenergo AS was comprised of the following 
members: Guntars Baļčūns (Chairman of the Board), Kaspars Cikmačs, Arnis Kurgs and Uldis Mucinieks.
The Supervisory Board of Latvenergo AS:
Since 9 October 2019 until 10 June 2020 the Supervisory Board of Latvenergo AS was comprised of the 
following members: Edmunds Valantis (Chairman), Edijs Šaicāns (Deputy Chairman) and Irēna Bērziņa;
Since 11 June 2020 the Supervisory Board of Latvenergo AS was comprised of the following members: 
Ivars Golsts (Chairman), Kaspars Rokens (Deputy Chairman), Toms Siliņš, Aigars Laizāns and Gundars 
Ruža.
The Supervisory body– Audit Committee:
Since 9 October 2019 Audit Committee was comprised of the following members: Torbens Pedersens 
(Torben Pedersen), Svens Dinsdorfs, Marita Salgrāve;
Since 11 June 2020 Audit Committee was comprised of the following members: Torbens Pedersens 
(Torben Pedersen), Svens Dinsdorfs, Marita Salgrāve, Toms Siliņš and Gundars Ruža;
Since 20 November 2020 Audit Committee was comprised of the following members: Torbens Pedersens 
(Torben Pedersen), Svens Dinsdorfs, Toms Siliņš and Gundars Ruža;
Since 3 February 2021 Audit Committee was comprised of the following members: Torbens Pedersens 
(Torben Pedersen), Svens Dinsdorfs, Ilvija Grūba, Toms Siliņš and Gundars Ruža.
The Management Board of Latvenergo AS has approved the Latvenergo Group and Latvenergo AS 
Financial statements 2020 on 13 April 2021. The Financial Statements are subject to Shareholder’s 
approval on the Shareholder’s Meeting.
2. Summary of significant accounting policies
The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these Financial Statements as a whole are 
set out below, while remaining accounting policies are described in the notes to which they relate. These 
policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.
The Financial Statements of the Latvenergo Group and Latvenergo AS are prepared in accordance with 
the International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted for use in the European Union (IFRS). Due to 
the European Union’s endorsement procedure, the standards and interpretations not approved for use in 
the European Union are also presented in this Note as they may have impact on the Financial Statements 
in the following periods if endorsed.
The Financial Statements are prepared under the historical cost convention, except for some financial 
assets and liabilities (including derivative financial instruments and non-current financial investments) 
measured at fair value and certain property, plant and equipment carried at revalued amounts as disclosed 
in the accounting policies presented below.
The Financial Statements for 2020 include the financial information in respect of the Latvenergo Group and 
Latvenergo AS for the year ended 31 December 2020 and comparative information for 2019. Where it has 
been necessary, comparatives for 2019 are reclassified using the same principles applied for preparation 
of the Financial Statements for 2020.
The Latvenergo Group’s and Latvenergo AS Financial Statements have been prepared in euros (EUR) 
currency and all amounts shown in these Financial Statements except non-monetary items are presented 
in thousands of EUR (EUR’000).
16

--- Page 101 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
All figures, unless stated otherwise are rounded to the nearest thousand. Certain monetary amounts, 
percentages and other figures included in this report are subject to rounding adjustments. On occasion, 
therefore, amounts shown in tables may not be the arithmetic accumulation of the figures that precede 
them, and figures expressed as percentages in the text and in tables may not total 100 percent.
The preparation of the Financial Statements in conformity with IFRS requires the use of estimates and 
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets 
and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses 
during the reporting period. Although these estimates are based on the Management’s best knowledge 
of current events and actions, actual results ultimately may differ from those. The areas involving a higher 
degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the 
Financial Statements are disclosed in Note 4.
Adoption of new and/or changed IFRS and International Financial Reporting Interpretations 
Committee (IFRIC) interpretations
a) Standards issued and which became effective, and are relevant for the Group’s and the 
Parent Company’s operations
 
y Amendments to the Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting
Amendments are effective for the periods beginning on or after 1 January 2020. The revised Conceptual 
Framework includes a new chapter on measurement; guidance on reporting financial performance; 
improved definitions and guidance – in particular the definition of a liability; and clarifications in important 
areas, such as the roles of stewardship, prudence and measurement uncertainty in financial reporting. 
The Group and the Parent Company have assessed the impact of these amendments on the Group’s and 
the Parent Company’s Financial statements and disclosures, and these changes do not have a significant 
impact on their financial results.
 
y Amendments to IFRS 3 - Definition of a business
Amendments are effective for the periods beginning on or after 1 January 2020. The amendments 
revise definition of a business. A business must have inputs and a substantive process that together 
significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. The new guidance provides a framework to 
evaluate when an input and a substantive process are present, including for early stage companies 
that have not generated outputs. An organised workforce should be present as a condition for 
classification as a business if are no outputs. The definition of the term ‘outputs’ is narrowed to focus 
on goods and services provided to customers, generating investment income and other income, 
and it excludes returns in the form of lower costs and other economic benefits. It is also no longer 
necessary to assess whether market participants can replace missing elements or integrating the 
acquired activities and assets. An entity can apply a ‘concentration test’. The assets acquired would 
not represent a business if substantially all the fair value of gross assets acquired were concentrated 
in a single asset (or a group of similar assets). The Group and the Parent Company have assessed 
the impact of these amendments on the Group’s and the Parent Company’s Financial statements 
and disclosures, and these amendments do not have a material effect on the Group’s and the Parent 
Company’s financial statements.
 
y Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8 - Definition of materiality
Amendments are effective for the periods beginning on or after 1 January 2020. The amendments clarify 
the definition of material and how it should be applied by including in the definition guidance that until 
now has featured elsewhere in IFRS. In addition, the explanations accompanying the definition have been 
improved. Finally, the amendments ensure that the definition of material is consistent across all IFRS 
Standards. Information is material if omitting, misstating, or obscuring it could reasonably be expected 
to influence the decisions that the primary users of general–purpose financial statements make based 
on those financial statements, which provide financial information about a specific reporting entity. By 
reviewing estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of the financial statements, the Group and 
the Parent Company have evaluated and concluded that these amendments do not have impact on the 
Group’s and the Parent Company’s financial position.
 
y Amendments to IFRS 16 – Covid-19 Related Rent Concessions
Amendments are effective for the periods beginning on or after 1 January 2020. The amendments 
provided lessees (but not lessors) with relief in the form of an optional exemption from assessing whether 
a rent concession related to COVID–19 is a lease modification. The Group and the Parent Company as a 
lessee have not used such reliefs.
b) Standards and its amendments issued and not yet effective, but are relevant for the 
Group’s and the Parent Company’s operations
 
y Amendments to IAS 1 – Classification of liabilities as current or non-current
Amendments are effective for the periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023, not yet adopted by 
the EU. The Group and the Parent Company will assess the impact of these amendments on their 
financial statements to determine whether they may have a material effect on the Group’s and the Parent 
Company’s financial position.
 
y Amendments to IAS 16, IAS 37 and IFRS 3, and Annual Improvements to IFRSs 2018-2020
Amendments are effective for the periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022, not yet adopted by 
the EU. The Group and the Parent Company will assess the impact of these amendments on their 
financial statements to determine whether they may have a material effect on the Group’s and the Parent 
Company’s Financial statements and disclosures.
Consolidation
a) Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries are all entities over which the Group has control. The Group controls an entity where the 
Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the 
ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the activities of the entity.
Subsidiaries’ financial reports are consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Parent 
Company and are no longer consolidated from the date when control ceases. General information about 
entities included in consolidation and its primary business activities are disclosed in Note 16.
The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for the acquisition of subsidiaries. The cost of 
an acquisition is measured, as the fair value of the assets given, equity instruments issued, and liabilities 
incurred or assumed at the date of exchange. Costs directly attributable to the acquisition are expensed 
17

--- Page 102 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
to the Statement of Profit or Loss as incurred. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent 
liabilities assumed in a business combination are measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date.
Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between the Group’s entities 
are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated but considered an impairment indicator of the 
asset transferred. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to ensure 
consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.
b) Transactions with non-controlling interests and owners
The Group treats transactions with non-controlling interests as transactions with equity owners of the 
economic entity. Changes in a Parent’s ownership interest in a subsidiary that do not result in the Parent 
losing control over the subsidiary are equity transactions (i.e. transactions with owners in their capacity 
as owners). For purchases from non-controlling interests, the difference between any consideration paid 
and the relevant share acquired of the carrying value of net assets of the subsidiary is recorded in the 
Group’s equity.
c) Distributions of non-cash assets to owners
The Parent Company recognises a liability for dividend payable to its owner when it declares a distribution 
and has an obligation to distribute the assets concerned to its owner. A liability to distribute non-cash 
assets as a dividend to its owner is measured at the fair value of the assets to be distributed. When 
dividend payable is settled, the difference, if any, between the carrying amount of the assets distributed 
and the carrying amount of the dividend payable is recognised in profit or loss.
Foreign currency translation
a) Functional and presentation currency
Items included in the Financial Statements are measured using the currency of the primary economic 
environment in which the Group’s entity operates (“the functional currency”). The Financial Statements 
have been prepared in euros (EUR), which is the Parent Company’s functional currency, and presented in 
thousands of EUR. All figures, unless stated otherwise are rounded to the nearest thousand.
b) Transactions and balances
All transactions denominated in foreign currencies are translated into functional currency at the exchange 
rates prevailing at the date of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign 
currencies are translated into functional currency using the exchange rate at the last day of the reporting 
year. The resulting gain or loss is charged to the Statement of Profit or Loss. Non-monetary items that are 
measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the 
dates of the initial transactions.
Financial assets and liabilities
Financial Assets
The Group and the Parent Company classify its financial assets under IFRS 9 in the following measurement 
categories:
 
y those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through other comprehensive income or 
through profit or loss), and
 
y those to be measured at amortised cost.
The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and the 
contractual terms of the cash flows. Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where 
those cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost.
For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses is either recorded in profit or loss or in other 
comprehensive income. For investments in equity instruments that are not held for trading, this depends 
on whether the Group and the Parent Company have made an irrevocable election at the time of initial 
recognition to account for the equity investment at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI).
The Group and the Parent Company reclassify debt investments when and only when its business model 
for managing those assets changes.
All financial instruments are initially measured at fair value plus, in the case of a financial asset or financial 
liability not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs.
Purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within a time frame established by 
regulation or convention in the market place (regular way trades) are recognised on the trade date, i.e., the 
date when the Group and the Parent Company commits to purchase or sell the asset.
Debt instruments
Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s and the Parent Company’s 
business model for managing the asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. The Group and the 
Parent Company classify all of their debt instruments:
 
y at Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash 
flows represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost. Any gain or 
loss arising on de-recognition is recognised directly in profit or loss. Impairment losses are presented 
as separate item in the statement of profit or loss position ‘Other operating expenses’.
Equity instruments
The Group and the Parent Company subsequently measure all equity investments at fair value. Where 
the Group’s or the Parent Company’s management has elected to present fair value gains and losses on 
equity investments in OCI, there is no subsequent reclassification of fair value gains and losses to profit 
18

--- Page 103 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
or loss following the de–recognition of the investment. Dividends from such investments continue to be 
recognised in profit or loss when the Group’s and the Parent Company’s right to receive payments is 
established.
Impairment losses (and reversal of impairment losses) on equity investments measured at FVOCI or FVPL 
are not reported separately from other changes in fair value.
Financial Liabilities
Financial liabilities are classified as measured at amortised cost or FVPL. A financial liability is classified 
as at FVPL if it is classified as held-for-trading, it is a derivative or it is designated as such on initial 
recognition. Financial liabilities at FVPL are measured at fair value and net gains or losses, including any 
interest expense, are recognised in profit or loss. Other financial liabilities are subsequently measured at 
amortised cost using the effective interest method. Interest expense and foreign exchange gains and 
losses are recognised in profit or loss.
De-recognition
A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial 
assets) is derecognised when:
 
y the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired,
 
y the Group and the Parent Company have transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset 
or has assumed an obligation to pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third 
party under a ‘pass–through’ arrangement; and either (a) the Group and the Parent Company have 
transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) the Group and the Parent 
Company have neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, 
but has transferred control of the asset.
The Group and the Parent Company derecognise a financial liability when its contractual obligations are 
discharged or cancelled, or expire. The Group and the Parent Company also derecognise a financial 
liability when its terms are modified and the cash flows of the modified liability are substantially different, 
in which case a new financial liability based on the modified terms is recognised at fair value. On de-
recognition of a financial liability, the difference between the carrying amount extinguished and the 
consideration paid (including any non-cash assets transferred or liabilities assumed) is recognised in 
profit or loss.
Impairment
The Group and the Parent Company assess on a forward-looking basis the expected credit loss associated 
with their debt instruments carried at amortised cost. The impairment methodology applied depends 
on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk. Rules for estimating and recognising 
impairment losses are described in Note 4 b.
The Group and the Parent Company have applied two expected credit loss models: counterparty model 
and portfolio model.
Counterparty model is used on individual contract basis for deposits, investments in State Treasury 
bonds, loans to subsidiaries and cash and cash equivalents. The expected credit losses according 
to this model for those are based on assessment of the individual counterparty’s risk of default based 
on Moody’s 12 months corporate default and recovery rates if no significant increase in credit risk 
is identified. The circumstances indicating a significant increase in credit risk is significant increase in 
Moody’s default and recovery rates (by 1 percentage point) and counterpart’s inability to meet payment 
terms (overdue 30 days or more, insolvency or bankruptcy, or initiated similar legal proceedings and 
other indications on inability to pay). If significant increase in credit risk identified, calculated lifetime 
expected credit loss.
For estimation of expected credit loss for unsettled revenue on mandatory procurement public service 
obligation (PSO) fee, individually significant other receivables and other receivables of energy industry 
companies and related parties the Group and the Parent Company apply the simplified approach and 
record lifetime expected losses based on corporate default and recovery rates.
Portfolio model is used for trade receivables by grouping together receivables with similar risk characteristics 
and the days past due and defined for basic business activities. For trade receivables grouped by portfolio 
model the Group and the Parent Company apply the simplified approach and record lifetime expected 
losses on receivables based on historically observed default rates, adjusted for forward-looking estimates, 
if any significant exists.
Derivative financial instruments
Derivative financial instruments are carried as financial assets when the fair value is positive and as financial 
liabilities when the fair value is negative. The Group and the Parent Company have decided to continue to 
apply hedge accounting requirements of IAS 39. Accounting principles for derivative financial instruments 
are disclosed in Note 24.
3. Financial risk management
3.1. Financial risk factors
The Group’s and the Parent Company’s activities expose them to a variety of financial risks: market risk 
(including currency risk, interest rate risk and price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group’s and 
the Parent Company’s overall risk management programme focuses on the unpredictability of financial 
markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Group’s and the Parent Company’s 
financial performance. The Group and the Parent Company use derivative financial instruments to hedge 
certain risk exposures.
Risk management (except for price risk) is carried out by the Parent Company’s Treasury department (the 
Group Treasury) according to the Financial Risk Management Policy approved by the Parent Company’s 
Management Board. The Group Treasury identifies, evaluates and hedges financial risks in close co–
operation with the Group’s operating units / subsidiaries. The Parent Company’s Management Board by 
approving the Financial Risk Management Policy provides written principles for overall risk management, 
as well as written policies covering specific areas, such as interest rate risk, foreign exchange risk, liquidity 
risk, and credit risk, use of financial instruments and investment of excess liquidity. Price risk management 
is carried out by the Parent Company’s Electricity Trading department according to Electricity Wholesale 
Regulation approved by the Parent Company’s Management Board.
19

--- Page 104 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
Financial assets and financial liabilities that are exposed to financial risks disclosed in the table below by measurement categories
EUR’000
Notes
Group
Parent Company
Financial assets 
at amortised cost
Derivatives used for hedging
Financial instruments at fair 
value through profit or loss
Financial assets 
at amortised cost
Derivatives used for hedging
Financial instruments at fair 
value through profit or loss
Financial assets as of 31 December 2020
 
Receivables from contracts with customers
18 a
108,178
–
–
75,856
–
–
Other current financial receivables
18 b
 
84,864
–
–
29,328
–
–
Loans to related parties
29 e
86,620
–
–
742,229
–
–
Derivative financial instruments
24 I
–
503
1,054
–
503
1,054
Other financial investments 
22
16,836
–
–
16,836
–
–
Cash and cash equivalents
19
100,703
–
–
98,261
–
–
397,201
503
1,054
962,510
503
1,054
Financial assets as of 31 December 2019
 
 
 
 
 
 
Receivables from contracts with customers
18 a
111,530
–
–
82,973
–
–
Other current financial receivables
18 b
76,891
–
–
13,221
–
–
Loans to related parties
29 e
–
–
–
794,256
–
–
Derivative financial instruments
24 I
–
4,684
2,033
–
4,684
2,033
Other financial investments 
22
16,885
–
–
16,885
–
–
Cash and cash equivalents
19
122,422
–
–
121,261
–
–
327,728
4,684
2,033
1,028,596
4,684
2,033
EUR’000
Notes
Group
Parent Company
Financial liabilities 
at amortised cost
Derivatives used for hedging
Financial instruments at fair 
value through profit or loss
Financial liabilities 
at amortised cost
Derivatives used for hedging
Financial instruments at fair 
value through profit or loss
Financial liabilities as of 31 December 2020
 
Borrowings
23
743,199
–
–
733,392
–
–
Derivative financial instruments
24 I
–
14,504
–
–
14,504
–
Lease liabilities
15
8,344
–
–
4,540
–
–
Trade and other financial current payables
26
76,429
–
–
51,664
–
–
 
 
827,972
14,504
–
789,596
14,504
–
Financial liabilities as of 31 December 2019
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Borrowings
23
882,671
–
–
872,899
–
–
Derivative financial instruments
24 I
–
10,912
2,220
–
10,912
2,220
Lease liabilities
15
5,565
–
–
3,502
–
–
Trade and other financial current payables
26
91,410
–
–
68,249
–
–
979,646
10,912
2,220
944,650
10,912
2,220
a) Market risk
I) Foreign currencies exchange risk
As of 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 the Group and the Parent Company had borrowings 
denominated only in euros (Note 23). Their revenues and most of the financial assets and liabilities 
were denominated in euros. Accordingly, neither the Group nor the Parent Company were subject to a 
significant foreign currencies exchange risk.
Foreign currencies exchange risk arises when future transactions or recognised assets or liabilities are 
denominated in a currency that is not the Group’s and the Parent Company’s functional currency.
The Group’s Treasury Financial Risk Management Policy is to hedge all anticipated cash flows (capital 
expenditure and purchase of inventory) in each major foreign currency that might create significant 
currency risk. During 2020 and 2019 the Group and the Parent Company had no capital expenditure 
project where expected transactions would create significant currency risk.
II) Interest rate risk
As the Group and the Parent Company have significant floating interest–bearing assets and liabilities 
exposed to interest rate risk, the Group’s and the Parent Company`s financial income and operating cash 
flows are substantially dependent on changes in market interest rates.
20

--- Page 105 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
During 2020 if euro interest rates had been 50 basis points higher with all other variables held constant, 
the Group’s income from the cash reserves held at bank for the year would have been EUR 488 thousand 
higher (2019: EUR 633 thousand) and the Parent Company’s income from the cash reserves held at bank 
for the year would have been EUR 476 thousand higher (2019: EUR 621 thousand).
The Group’s and the Parent Company’s cash flow interest rate risk mainly arises from long–term borrowings 
at variable rates. They expose the Group and the Parent Company to a risk that finance costs might 
increase significantly when interest rates rise up. The Group’s policy is to maintain more than 35% of its 
borrowings as fixed interest rates borrowings (taking into account the effect of interest rate swaps) with 
duration between 1–4 years (2019: 2-4 years).
The Group and the Parent Company analyse their interest rate risk exposure on a dynamic basis. Various 
scenarios are simulated taking into consideration refinancing, renewal of existing positions and hedging. 
Based on these scenarios, the Group and the Parent Company calculate the impact on profit and loss as 
well as on cash flows of a defined interest rate shift.
Generally, the Group and the Parent Company raise long–term borrowings at floating rates and based 
on the various scenarios, the Group and the Parent Company manage their cash flow interest rate risk 
by using floating–to–fixed interest rate swaps. Such interest rate swaps have the economic effect of 
converting borrowings from floating rates to fixed rates. Thereby fixed rates are obtained that are lower 
than those available if the Group and the Parent Company borrowed at fixed rates directly. Under the 
interest rate swaps, the Group and the Parent Company agree with other parties to exchange, at specified 
intervals (primarily semi–annually), the difference between fixed contract rates and floating–rate interest 
amounts calculated by reference to the agreed notional amounts.
To hedge cash flow interest rate risk, the Group and the Parent Company have entered into interest 
rate swap agreements with total notional amount of EUR 193.8 million (2019: EUR 229.4 million) (Note 
24 II). 38% of the total Group’s and 39% the Parent Company’s borrowings as of 31 December 2020 
(31/12/2019: 45% and 45% respectively) had fixed interest rate (taking into account the effect of the 
interest rate swaps) and average fixed rate duration was 1.6 years for the Group and the Parent Company 
(2019: 1.8 years for the Group and the Parent Company). 
If interest rates on euro denominated borrowings at floating base interest rate (after considering hedging 
effect) had been 50 basis points higher with all other variables held constant over the period until the 
next annual report, the Group’s profit for the year would have been EUR 661 thousand lower (over the 
next 12 months period after 31/12/2019: EUR 2,297 thousand), the Parent Company’s profit for the 
year would have been EUR 654 thousand lower (over the next 12 months period after 31/12/2019: 
EUR 2,255 thousand).
As of 31 December 2020, if short and long term euro interest rates had been 50 basis points higher with 
all other variables held constant fair value of interest rate swaps would have been EUR 3,698 thousand 
higher (31/12/2019: EUR 4,634 thousand higher), which would have been attributable to the Statement 
of Comprehensive Income as hedge accounting item. However, if short and long term euro interest rates 
had been 50 basis points lower with all other variables held constant fair value of interest rate swaps 
would have been EUR 3,832 thousand lower (31/12/2019: EUR 4,815 thousand lower), which would 
have been attributable to the Statement of Comprehensive Income as hedge accounting item.
III) Price risk
Price risk is the risk that the fair value and cash flows of financial instruments will fluctuate in the future due 
to reasons other than changes in the market prices resulting from interest rate risk or foreign exchange 
risk. The purchase and sale of goods produced, and the services provided by the Group and the Parent 
Company under the free market conditions, as well as the purchases of resources used in production is 
impacted by the price risk.
The most significant price risk is related to purchase of electricity and natural gas. To hedge the risk 
related to changes in the price of electricity and natural gas the Parent Company during 2020 and 2019 
has purchased electricity forward and future contracts and natural gas forward contracts (Note 24 III, IV).
b) Credit risk
Credit risk is managed at the Group level. Credit risk arises from cash and cash equivalents, derivative 
financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss (FVPL), other financial assets carried at amortised 
cost, including outstanding receivables. Credit risk concentration in connection with receivables is 
limited due to broad range of the Group’s and the Parent Company’s customers. The Group and the 
Parent Company have no significant concentration of credit risk with any single counterparty or group 
of counterparties having similar characteristics, except receivables from state for unsettled revenue 
on mandatory procurement PSO fee, loans to and receivables from subsidiaries and receivables from 
transmission system operator (Augstsprieguma tīkls AS). When assessing the credit risk for the loans to 
subsidiaries the Parent Company takes into account that Latvenergo AS has granted loans to subsidiaries 
in which it holds all the shares, and accordingly monitors the operations and financial situation of the 
subsidiaries (borrowers). Impairment loss has been deducted from gross amounts.
The maximum credit risk exposure related to financial assets (see table below) comprises of carrying 
amounts of cash and cash equivalents (Note 19), receivables from contracts with customers and other 
receivables (Note 18), derivative financial instruments (Note 24), other financial investments (Note 22) and 
loans to related parties (Note 29 e).
Assessment of maximum possible exposure to credit risk
EUR’000
 
Notes
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
Receivables from contracts with customers
18 a
108,178
111,530
75,856
82,973
Other current financial receivables
18 b
84,864
76,891
29,328
13,221
Loans to related parties
29 e
86,620
–
742,229
794,256
Cash and cash equivalents
19
100,703
122,422
98,261
121,261
Derivative financial instruments
24
1,557
6,717
1,557
6,717
Other financial investments
22
16,836
16,885
16,836
16,885
 
 
398,758
334,445
964,067
1,035,313
Under IFRS 9 the Group and the Parent Company measure the probability of default upon initial recognition 
of a receivable and at each balance sheet date consider whether there has been a significant increase of 
credit risk since the initial recognition (see Notes 2 and 18).
21

--- Page 106 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
For banks and financial institutions, independently rated parties with own or parent bank’s minimum rating 
of investment grade are accepted. Otherwise, if there is no independent rating, management performs 
risk control to assess the credit quality of the financial counterparty, taking into account its financial 
position, past co–operation experience and other factors. After performed assessment individual credit 
limits are set based on internal ratings in accordance with principles set by the Financial Risk Management 
Policy. Depending on set credit limits, the cash held in one bank or financial institution can not exceed 
fifty percent of total balance of cash. The basis for estimating the credit quality of individually significant 
financial assets not past due is credit ratings assigned by the rating agencies or, in their absence, the 
earlier credit behaviour of clients and other parties to the contract.
Credit risk related to cash and short–term deposits with banks is managed by balancing the placement 
of financial assets in order to maintain the possibility to choose the best offers and to reduce probability 
to incur losses. Credit risk assessment related to receivables from contracts with customers and other 
financial receivables is described in Notes 4 b and 18.
The table below shows the balance of cash and cash equivalents by financial counterparties at the end 
of the reporting period:
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
Investment level credit rating*
100,703
117,347
98,261
116,186
No or non-investment level credit rating
–
5,075
–
5,075
 
100,703
122,422
98,261
121,261
* Investment level credit rating assigned to the parent companies of banks.
The table represents exposure to banks and financial counterparties broken down per rating class 
according to Moody’s rating scale. The expected credit losses are not significant (below 1%) as the 
majority of cash and cash equivalents are held at banks and financial institutions with investment level 
credit rating and financial assets are considered to have good credit worthiness.
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
Aa2
22,289
70,621
20,882
69,468
Aa3
33,836
1,926
33,049
1,926
Baa1
35,106
40,466
34,860
40,458
Baa2
373
4,334
373
4,334
Baa3
9,099
–
9,097
–
Non-investment level credit rating
–
5,075
–
5,075
 
100,703
122,422
98,261
121,261
Set limits of credit exposure to the financial counterparties were not exceeded during the reporting period, 
and the Group’s and the Parent Company’s management do not expect any losses arising from a potential 
default of financial counterparty, as assessed that financial counterparties’ credit risk are in Stage 1.
The Group and the Parent Company invest only in listed debt instruments with very low probability of 
default (State Treasury bonds).
c) Liquidity risk
Latvenergo Group’s liquidity and cash flow risk management policy is to maintain sufficient amount 
of cash and cash equivalents (Note 19) and the availability of long and short-term funding through an 
adequate amount of committed credit facilities in order to meet existing and expected commitments and 
compensate for fluctuations in cash flows due to the occurrence of a variety of financial risks.
The table below analyses the Group’s and the Parent Company’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity 
groupings based on the settlement terms. The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual 
undiscounted cash flows. Contractual undiscounted cash flows originated by the borrowings are 
calculated taking into account the actual interest rates at the end of the reporting period.
22

--- Page 107 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
Liquidity analysis (contractual undiscounted gross cash flows) 
EUR’000
 
Notes
Group
Parent Company
Less than 
1 year
From 1 to 
2 years
From 3 to 
5 years
Over 5 years
TOTAL
 
Less than 
1 year
From 1 to 
2 years
From 3 to 
5 years
Over 5 years
TOTAL
As of 31 December 2020
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Borrowings from banks
111,778
52,815
325,072
169,886
659,551
109,564
50,625
321,690
167,427
649,306
Issued debt securities (bonds)
1,900
102,079
–
–
103,979
1,900
102,079
–
–
103,979
Derivative financial instruments
7,248
4,926
3,424
1,237
16,835
7,248
4,926
3,424
1,237
16,835
Lease liabilities*
1,755
1,675
3,522
2,137
9,089
871
871
2,111
930
4,783
Trade and other current financial payables
26
76,429
–
–
–
76,429
51,664
–
–
–
51,664
 
199,110
161,495
332,018
173,260
865,883
171,247
158,501
327,225
169,594
826,567
As of 31 December 2019
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Borrowings from banks
148,892
112,531
267,429
243,819
772,671
144,303
110,795
264,260
243,315
762,673
Issued debt securities (bonds)
37,849
1,900
102,203
–
141,952
37,849
1,900
102,203
–
141,952
Derivative financial instruments
8,740
3,959
3,003
1,154
16,856
8,740
3,959
3,003
1,154
16,856
Lease liabilities*
1,261
1,062
1,670
2,399
6,392
428
428
1,284
1,612
3,752
Trade and other current financial payables
26
91,410
–
–
–
91,410
68,249
–
–
–
68,249
 
288,152
119,452
374,305
247,372
1,029,281
259,569
117,082
370,750
246,081
993,482
* The carrying amount of the lease (discounted) for the Group is EUR 8,344 thousand and for the Parent Company EUR 4,540 thousand (31 December 2019: Group – EUR 5,565 thousand, Parent Company – EUR 3,502 thousand) (Note 15)
3.2. Capital management
The Group’s and the Parent Company’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s 
and the Parent Company’s ability to continue as a going concern as well as to ensure necessary financing 
for investment program and to avoid breaches of covenants (no breaches in 2020 nor 2019), which are 
linked to capital structure and are stipulated in the majority of loan agreements.
In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group and the Parent Company may evaluate the 
amount and timing of raising new debt due to investment programs or initiate new investments in the 
share capital by shareholder. To comply with loan covenants, the Group and the Parent Company monitor 
capital on the basis of the capital ratio.
This ratio is calculated by dividing the equity by the sum of total assets. According to the Group’s 
strategy and defined loan covenants as per loan agreements the capital ratio shall be maintained at least 
at 30% level.
The capital ratio figures were as follows
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
Total equity
2,118,242
2,265,487
1,746,436
1,949,287
Total assets
3,358,835
3,864,941
2,760,155
3,136,958
Capital Ratio
63%
59%
63%
62%
4. Critical accounting estimates and judgements
Estimates and judgments are regularly evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, 
including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. The 
Group and the Parent Company make estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting 
accounting estimates will, by definition, seldom equal the related actual results.
The Group and the Parent Company has assessed the situation at the end of the reporting period and has 
determined that the spread of Covid–19 and related restrictions have not created a significant negative 
impact on the Group’s and the Parent Company’s financial results, considering the nature and continuity of 
services provided by the Group and the Parent Company. As disclosed in the Management Report, during 
reporting period electricity consumption has decreased for certain groups of users due the restrictions 
imposed to prevent the spread of Covid–19.
The Group’s and the Parent Company’s operations were not significantly disrupted during the first wave 
of Covid–19 in the spring of 2020, and the Group and the Parent Company do not expect significant 
disruptions in the future performance that could impact the Group’s and the Parent Company’s ability to 
continue as a going concern and the measurement of assets and liabilities.
The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying 
amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are discussed below:
23

--- Page 108 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
a) Estimates concerning property, plant and equipment
I) Useful lives of property, plant and equipment
The Group and the Parent Company make estimates concerning the expected useful lives and residual 
values of property, plant and equipment. These are reviewed at the end of each reporting period and are 
based on the past experience as well as industry practice. Previous experience has shown that the actual 
useful lives have sometimes been longer than the estimates. Values of fully depreciated property, plant 
and equipment are disclosed in Note 14 a. Quantifying an impact of potential changes in the useful lives 
is deemed impracticable therefore sensitivity analysis is not disclosed.
II) Recoverable amount of property, plant and equipment
The Group and the Parent Company perform impairment tests for items of property, plant and equipment 
when the events and circumstances indicate a potential impairment. For the items of PPE are defined 
separate cash–generating units. According to these tests’ assets are written down to their recoverable 
amounts, if necessary. When carrying out impairment tests management uses various estimates for the 
cash flows arising from the use of the assets, sales, maintenance and repairs of the assets, as well as 
in respect of the inflation and discount rates. The estimates are based on the forecasts of the general 
economic environment, consumption and the estimated sales price of electricity. If the situation changes 
in the future, either additional impairment could be recognised, or the previously recognised impairment 
could be partially or fully reversed. Such factors as high maintenance and reconstruction costs, low load of 
several auxiliaries, comparatively substantial maintenance expense, limited facilities to sell property, plant 
and equipment in the market and other essential factors have an impact of decreasing of the recoverable 
amounts. Impairment charges recognised during the current reporting year are disclosed in Note 14 d.
III) Revaluation
Revaluation for part of the Group’s and the Parent Company’s property, plant and equipment are performed 
by independent, external and certified valuation experts by applying the depreciated replacement cost 
model or income method. Valuation has been performed according to international standards on property 
valuation, based on current use of property, plant and equipment that is estimated as the most effective 
and best use of these assets. As a result of valuation, depreciated replacement cost was determined for 
each asset. Depreciated replacement cost is the difference between the cost of replacement or renewal 
of similar asset at the time of revaluation and the accumulated loss of an asset’s value that encompasses 
physical deterioration, functional (technological) obsolescence and economic (external) obsolescence. 
Physical depreciation was determined proportionally to the age of the property, plant and equipment item. 
In assessment of property, plant and equipment items for which a reconstruction is planned in the near 
future additional functional depreciation was determined. Remaining useful lives of property, plant and 
equipment items after revaluation were revised according to estimated total depreciation. Income method 
is based on the identification and analysis of generation capacity, forecasting of electricity trade prices, 
analysis of historical generation and operating expenses and forecast of future costs, capital expenditure, 
net cash flows, as well calculation of discount and capitalisation rates, based on market data.
For detailed most recent revaluation results see Note 14 c.
b) Impairment of financial assets
The Group and the Parent Company have the following types of financial assets that are subject to the 
expected credit loss model:
 
y non-current and current loans to related parties
 
y other non-current receivables
 
y other financial investments
 
y receivables from contracts with customers
 
y other current receivables
 
y cash and cash equivalents.
The loss allowances for financial assets are based on assumptions about risk of default and expected 
loss rates. The Group and the Parent Company use judgement in making these assumptions and 
selecting the inputs to the calculation of expected credit losses, based on the Group’s and the Parent 
Company’s past history, existing market conditions as well as forward looking estimates at the end of 
each reporting period.
The Group and the Parent Company apply two expected credit loss models: portfolio model and 
counterparty model (Note 2 and 18).
Using the portfolio model the Group and the Parent Company apply the IFRS 9 simplified approach to 
measuring expected credit losses which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance for trade receivables 
of basic business activities (electricity, natural gas and heat and supporting services sales, IT and 
telecommunication services sales). To measure expected credit losses these receivables have been 
grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics and the days past due. The Group and the Parent 
Company therefore have concluded that the expected loss rates for these receivables are a reasonable 
approximation of the credit risk exposure. The expected loss rates are based on the payment profiles of 
sales and the corresponding historical credit losses experienced. There are no adjustments made to the 
historical loss rates that would reflect current and forward–looking information on macroeconomic factors 
affecting the ability of the customers to settle the receivables, as the Group and the Parent Company 
has assumed that macro–economic situation and its future projections do not have significant impact on 
expected credit loss.
Counterparty model is used on individual contract basis for non–current and current loans to related 
parties, other financial investments and cash and cash equivalents. If no significant increase in credit 
risk is identified, the expected credit losses according to this model are based on assessment of the 
individual counterparty’s or counterparty’s industry risk of default and recovery rate assigned by Moody’s 
credit rating agency for 12 months expected losses rates. The circumstances indicating a significant 
increase in credit risk is significant increase in Moody’s default and recovery rates (by 1 percentage 
point) and counterparty’s inability to meet payment terms (overdue 30 days or more, insolvency or 
bankruptcy, or initiated similar legal proceedings and other indications on inability to pay). If significant 
increase in credit risk is identified, lifetime expected credit loss is calculated.
Counterparty model is also used for other non-current and current financial receivables, individually 
significant receivables, receivables of energy industry companies and related parties by calculating lifetime 
expected losses based on corporate default and recovery rates.
24

--- Page 109 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
None of the Group’s and the Parent Company’s other financial investments measured at amortised cost 
(investments in State Treasury bonds) have significant increase in credit risk and therefore are considered 
to have low credit risk (Moody’s credit rating – A3) and are in Stage 1, the loss allowance therefore was 
immaterial and wasn’t recognised.
While cash and cash equivalents are also subject to the expected credit loss requirements of IFRS 9, 
the identified expected credit loss was immaterial, considering also fact that almost all of cash and cash 
equivalents are held in financial institutions with the credit rating grade of the institution or its parent bank 
at investment grade credit rating (mostly ‘A level’ credit rating) (Stage 1).
c) Estimates concerning revenue recognition from contracts with customers
I) Recognition of mandatory procurement PSO fees
The Group and the Parent Company have applied significant judgement for use of agent principle for 
recognition of mandatory procurement PSO fee (see also Note 6).
Management has considered the following indicators that the Group and the Parent Company are acting 
as agents because:
 
y do not have control over the mandatory procurement PSO fee before transferring to the customer;
 
y have duty for including the mandatory procurement PSO fee in invoices issued to the end customers 
but are not entitled for revenues from mandatory procurement PSO fee. These fees are determined by 
state support mechanism and are covered by all electricity end-users in proportion to their electricity 
consumption;
 
y have no discretion in establishing mandatory procurement PSO fees price, either directly or indirectly.
II) Recognition of distribution system services and transmission system services (Parent 
Company)
Management has evaluated that it does not have influence and control over distribution system services and 
transmission system services, therefore the Parent Company acts as an agent. In particular, Management 
has considered the following indicators that the Parent Company is acting as an agent because:
 
y does not control provision of distribution system and transmission system services;
 
y includes the distribution system and transmission system services in invoices issued to the customers 
on behalf of distribution system operator or transmission system operator and receives payment, but 
is not entitled to the respective revenues;
 
y has no discretion in distribution system or transmission system services price, either directly or 
indirectly (see also Note 6).
III) Recognition of connection service fees to distribution system (Group)
Connection fees to distribution system are not considered as separate (distinct) performance obligations, 
as are not distinct individually or within the context of the contract. Sales of distribution services are 
provided after customers have paid for the network connection, therefore network connection fees and 
sales of distribution services are highly interdependent and interrelated.
Income from connection and other income for reconstruction of distribution system assets on demand 
of clients are deferred as an ongoing service is identified as part of agreement to provide distribution 
system services with customers and accounted as deferred income (contract liabilities) from contracts 
with customers under IFRS 15 (see Note 6 and 28). Connection fees are recognised as income over 
the estimated customer relationship period. Based on Management estimate, 20 years is the estimated 
customer relationship period, which is estimated as period after which requested power output for 
connection object could significantly change due to technological reasons.
Thus period over which revenue is recognised is based on Management estimate, as it is reasonably 
certain that assets, whose costs are partly reimbursed by connection service fees, will be used to 
provide distribution system services for a longer period than the term stated in agreement with the 
customer (Note 6).
d) Recognition and reassessment of provisions
As of 31 December 2020, the Group had set up provisions for environmental protection, post–employment 
benefits and termination benefits totalling EUR 19.2 million (31/12/2019: EUR 20.1 million) and the 
Parent Company in amount of EUR 8.7 million (31/12/2019: EUR 9.0 million) (Note 27). The amount and 
timing of the settlement of these obligations is uncertain. A number of assumptions and estimates have 
been used to determine the present value of provisions, including the amount of future expenditure, 
inflation rates, and the timing of settlement of the expenditure. The actual expenditure may also differ 
from the provisions recognised as a result of possible changes in legislative norms, technology available 
in the future to restore environmental damages, and expenditure covered by third parties. For revaluation 
of provisions for post–employment obligations probabilities of retirement in different employees’ aging 
groups as well as variable demographic factors and financial factors (including expected remuneration 
increase and determined changes in benefit amounts) have been estimated. The probabilities and 
other factors are determined on the basis of previous experience. According to defined development 
directions per Strategy of Latvenergo Group for the period 2017–2022, management of the Parent 
Company approved the Strategic Development and Efficiency Programme. Provisions for employees’ 
termination benefits are recognised on a basis of Strategic Development and Efficiency Programme of 
Latvenergo Group for the period in which it is planned to implement the efficiency program (including 
Latvenergo AS and Sadales tīkls AS efficiency activities), by which it is intended to reduce gradually 
the number of employees by the year 2022. The key assumptions made to determine the amount of 
provisions are provided in Note 27.
e) Evaluation of effectiveness of hedging instruments
The Group and the Parent Company have concluded significant number of forward and future contracts 
and swap agreements to hedge the risk of the changes in prices of electricity and natural gas as well as 
interest rate fluctuations to which cash flow risk hedge accounting is applied and the gains and losses 
from changes in the fair value of the effective hedging instruments and items secured against risk are 
included in respective equity reserve. The evaluation of the effectiveness of the hedging is based on 
Management’s estimates with regard to future purchase transactions of electricity and natural gas and 
signed variable interest loan agreements. When hedging instruments turn out to be ineffective, gains/
losses from the changes in the fair value are recognised in the Statement of Profit or Loss (Note 25).
f) Lease term and classification
In determining the lease term, management considers all facts and circumstances that create an 
economic incentive to exercise an extension option, or not exercise a termination option. Extension 
options (or periods after termination options) are only included in the lease term if the lease is reasonably 
certain to be extended (or not terminated). The assessment is reviewed if a significant event or a 
significant change in circumstances occurs which affects this assessment and is within the control of 
the lessee.
25

--- Page 110 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
g) Recognition of connection service fees to transmission system (IFRS 16) (discontinued 
operation)
Connection fees to transmission system are recognised as income over the estimated lease period. The 
estimated lease period is based on the Management estimate.
Income from connection to transmission system and other service fees is deferred as an ongoing service 
is identified as part of the agreement with the lessee. Operating lease agreement term is 5 years, the 
period over which revenue from connection fees is recognised is longer, as it is reasonably certain that 
assets, whose costs are partly reimbursed by connection fees will be leased for a longer period than 
defined original lease term.
h) Recognition of one-off compensation in relation to cogeneration power plants
In October 2017, the Parent Company applied for a one-off compensation from the state, at the same 
time opting out of the receipt of 75% of the guaranteed annual payments for installed electrical capacity 
in combined heat and power plant CHPP–1 and CHPP–2. The one-off compensation was calculated as 
75% of the discounted future guaranteed payments for installed electrical capacity. On 21 November 
2017, the Cabinet of Ministers of the Republic of Latvia accepted an order on one–off compensation to 
Latvenergo AS on guaranteed support for the installed capacity of cogeneration power plants. Conditional 
grant part recognised as deferred income in the Group’s and the Parent Company’s statement of financial 
position (Note 28) and to be allocated to income on a straight-line basis until fulfilling obligation till the end 
of the support period – 23 September 2028. EUR 23,990 thousand were recognised as ‘Other income’ in 
the Group’s and the Parent Company’s statement of profit or loss in 2020 (2019: EUR 23,990 thousand) 
(Note 7). Consequently, EUR 185,429 thousand remained recognised as deferred income as of 
31 December 2020 (31 December 2019: EUR 209,419 thousand) and to be allocated to income on a 
straight-line basis until fulfilling obligation till the end of the support period – 23 September 2028.
i) Deferred tax recognition
The untaxed profits of the subsidiaries are subject to deferred tax charge in the Consolidated Financial 
Statements to the extent that the Parent Company as a shareholder will decide in a foreseeable future on 
distribution of this profit through dividends which will be taxed on distribution with tax rate 20/80 of net 
expense (Note 12). Management of the Parent Company has made judgement on the expected timing 
and extent of the distribution profits of subsidiaries and recognised in the Group’s Consolidated Financial 
Statements deferred tax liability related to profit of its subsidiaries to be distributed.
j) Recognition of financial security for participating in commodities exchange
Management of the Parent Company had initially estimated the financial collateral for securing the 
operations in Nasdaq Commodities exchange as a liquid asset, but with a restriction (restricted cash 
and cash equivalents) that could be fully recoverable without penalties over a 3–months period after 
termination of participation in exchange. 
As of 31 December 2020 the management of the Parent Company revised its judgements (estimates) and 
taking into account that the Parent Company has no intention to discontinue trade operations in Nasdaq 
Commodities exchange, considering that electricity and natural gas financial transactions are part of the 
Parent Company’s activities, and therefore these assets should not be estimated as liquid and should be 
recognised as non–current or current financial receivables.
5. Operating segment information
For segment reporting purposes, the division into operating segments is based on internal management 
structure, which is the basis for the reporting system, performance assessment and the allocation of 
resources by the operating segment decision maker– management of the Group’s company operating 
in each of segments. The Management Board of the Parent Company reviews financial results of 
operating segments.
The profit measure monitored by the chief operating decision maker primarily is EBITDA, but it also 
monitors operating profit. In separate financial statements operating profit excludes the dividend 
income and interest income from subsidiaries. The subsidiaries operate independently from the Parent 
Company under the requirements of EU and Latvian legislation and their businesses are different from 
that of the Parent Company. Therefore, the Parent Company’s chief operating decision maker monitors 
the performance of the Parent Company and makes decisions regarding allocation of resources based 
on the operating results of the Parent Company.
The Group divides its operations into three main operating segments– generation and trade, distribution 
and lease of transmission system assets. The Parent Company divides its operations into one main 
operating segment– generation and trade.
In addition, corporate functions, that cover administration and other support services, are presented in 
the Group and the Parent Company as separate segment.
Corporate functions provide management services to subsidiaries as well as provides IT and 
telecommunication, rental services to external customers.
Generation and trade comprises the Group’s electricity and thermal energy generation operations, 
which are organised into the legal entities: Latvenergo AS and Liepājas enerģija SIA; electricity and natural 
gas trade (including electricity and natural gas wholesale) in the Baltics carried out by Latvenergo AS, 
Elektrum Eesti OÜ and Elektrum Lietuva, UAB, as well as administration of the mandatory procurement 
process provided by Enerģijas publiskais tirgotājs AS.
The operations of the distribution operating segment relate to the provision of electricity distribution 
services in Latvia and is managed by the subsidiary Sadales tīkls AS (the largest distribution system 
operator in Latvia).
The operations of the lease of transmission system (till 10 June 2020) assets operating segment 
is managed by Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS– the owner of transmission system assets (330 kV and 110 kV 
transmission lines, substations and distribution points), which provides financing of investments in 
these assets. In the financial statements this operating segment is classified as discontinued operation 
(Note 30).
26

--- Page 111 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
The following table presents revenue, financial results and profit information and segment assets and 
liabilities of the Group’s and the Parent Company’s operating segments. Inter–segment revenue is eliminated 
on consolidation and reflected in the ‘adjustments and eliminations’ column. All transactions between 
segments are made based on the regulated tariffs, where applicable, or on an arm’s length principle.
EUR'000
Group
Parent Company
Generation 
and trade
Distribution
Lease of 
transmission 
system assets*
Corporate 
functions
TOTAL 
segments
Adjustments 
and 
eliminations
TOTAL Group
Generation 
and trade
Corporate 
functions
TOTAL 
segments
Adjustments 
and 
eliminations
TOTAL Parent 
Company
2020
Revenue
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
External customers
471,247
294,927
15,967
7,217
789,358
–
789,358
354,686
30,926
385,612
–
385,612
Inter-segment
984
1,380
1,594
45,856
 49,814
(49,814)
–
535
24,341
24,876
(24,876)
–
TOTAL revenue
472,231
296,307
17,561
 53,073
839,172
(49,814)
789,358
355,221
55,267
 410,488
(24,876)
385,612
Results
EBITDA
159,120
105,870
16,554
12,904
294,448
–
294,448
148,180
49,709
197,889
–
197,889
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment 
of intangible assets, property, plant and 
equipment and right-of-use assets
(77,751)
(67,623)
(11,602)
(11,170)
(168,146)
–
(168,146)
(74,681)
(11,578)
(86,259)
–
(86,259)
Segment profit before tax
81,369
38,247
4,952
1,734
126,302
(8,658)
117,644
73,499
38,131
111,630
43,218
154,848
Segment assets at the end of the year
1,263,651
1,795,034
–
95,907
3,154,592
204,243
3,358,835
1,131,977
125,634
1,257,611
1,502,544
2,760,155
Segment liabilities at the end of the year
231,837
190,086
– 
15,567
437,490 
803,103 
1,240,593 
232,318
16,765
249,083 
764,636 
1,013,719 
Capital expenditure
40,560
87,431
28,796
12,144
168,931
(76)
168,855
38,851
12,148
50,999
–
50,999
2019
Revenue
External customers
516,626
318,105
36,643
6,905
878,279
–
878,279
395,727
41,802
437,529
–
437,529
Inter-segment
1,315
1,611
3,387
45,739
52,052
(52,052)
–
767
22,520
23,287
(23,287)
–
TOTAL revenue
517,941
319,716
40,030
52,644
930,331
(52,052)
878,279
396,494
64,322
460,816
(23,287)
437,529
Results
EBITDA
103,347
125,093
39,798
12,729
280,967
–
280,967
92,550
20,101
112,651
–
112,651
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment 
of intangible assets, property, plant and 
equipment and right-of-use assets
(56,485)
(75,276)
(24,756)
(11,400)
(167,917)
–
(167,917)
(53,196)
(14,347)
(67,543)
–
(67,543)
Segment profit before tax
46,862
49,817
15,042
1,329
113,050
(8,293)
104,757
39,354
5,754
45,108
56,119
101,227
Segment assets at the end of the year
1,353,654
1,681,422
642,151
87,966
3,765,193
99,748
3,864,941
1,204,151
168,915
1,373,066
1,763,892
3,136,958
Segment liabilities at the end of the year
279,554
189,399
179,576
12,018
660,547
938,907
1,599,454
276,953
12,936
289,889
897,782
1,187,671
Capital expenditure
32,823
95,139
87,406
14,763
230,131
(704)
229,427
31,484
16,785
48,269
–
48,269
* In the financial statements operating segment of lease of transmission system assets is classified as discontinued operation (Note 30)
27

--- Page 112 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
The Group’s and the Parent Company’s revenue from external customers (Note 6)
EUR'000
Group
Parent Company
Generation 
and trade
Distribution
Lease of 
transmission 
system assets*
Corporate 
functions
TOTAL 
segments
TOTAL Group
Generation 
and trade
Corporate 
functions
TOTAL 
segments
TOTAL Parent 
Company
2020
Revenue from contracts with customers recognised over time:
 
 
 
 
Trade of energy and related supply services
414,617
3,150
–
14 
417,781
417,781
310,839
14
310,853
310,853
Distribution system services
1
275,586
–
–
275,587
275,587
–
–
–
–
Heat sales
53,349
67
– 
12
53,428
53,428
42,623
12
42,635
42,635
Other revenue
3,280
16,029
– 
5,647
24,956
24,956
1,414
26,789
28,203
28,203
Total revenue from contracts with customers
471,247
294,832
– 
5,673 
771,752
771,752
354,876
26,815
381,691
381,691
Other revenue:
Lease of transmission system assets (Note 30)
–
–
15,631
–
15,631
15,631
–
–
–
–
Lease of other assets
–
95
–
1,544
1,639
1,639
–
3,921
 3,921 
 3,921 
Other revenue
–
–
336
–
336
336
–
–
–
–
Total other revenue
–
 95 
 15,967 
1,544 
17,606
17,606
–
 3,921 
 3,921 
 3,921 
TOTAL revenue, including
 471,247
294,927
15,967
7,217
789,358
789,358
354,876
30,736
385,612
385,612
Latvia
319,542
294,926
15,967
6,917
637,352
637,352
303,461
29,330
332,791
332,791
Outside Latvia
151,705
1
–
300
152,006
152,006
51,415
1,406
52,821
52,821
2019
Revenue from contracts with customers recognised over time:
Trade of energy and related supply services
445,390
3,063
–
–
448,453
448,453
337,441
–
337,441
337,441
Distribution system services
1
299,332
–
–
299,333
299,333
–
–
–
–
Heat sales
68,148
75
–
12
68,235
68,235
56,842
12
56,854
56,854
Other revenue
3,087
15,532
–
5,731
24,350
24,350
1,444
31,826
33,270
33,270
Total revenue from contracts with customers
516,626
318,002
–
5,743
840,371
840,371
395,727
 31,838 
427,565
427,565
Other revenue:
Lease of transmission system assets (Note 30)
–
–
36,116
–
36,116
36,116
–
–
–
–
Lease of other assets
–
103
–
1,162
1,265
1,265
–
9,964
 9,964 
 9,964 
Other revenue
–
–
527
–
527
527
–
–
–
–
Total other revenue
–
 103 
 36,643 
 1,162 
37,908
37,908
–
 9,964 
 9,964 
 9,964 
TOTAL revenue, including 
516,626
318,105
36,643
6,905
878,279
878,279
395,727
41,802
437,529
437,529
Latvia
339,153
318,091
36,643
6,565
700,452
700,452
322,141
40,509
362,650
362,650
Outside Latvia
177,473
14
–
340
177,827
177,827
73,586
1,293
74,879
74,879
* In the financial statements operating segment of lease of transmission system assets is classified as discontinued operation (Note 30)
28

--- Page 113 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
Adjustments and eliminations
Finance income and expenses, fair value gains and losses on financial assets, interest rate swaps 
(derivative financial instruments) and deferred taxes are not allocated to individual segments as the 
underlying instruments are managed on a group basis. Taxes and certain financial assets and liabilities, 
including loans and borrowings are not allocated to those segments as they are also managed on a group 
basis.
Capital expenditure consists of additions of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and 
investment properties including assets from the acquisition of subsidiaries.
Reconciliation of profit before tax
EUR’000
 
Notes
Group
Parent Company
2020
2019
2020
2019
EBITDA
294,448
280,967
197,889
112,651
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment of intangible 
assets, PPE and right-of-use assets
(168,146)
(167,917)
(86,259)
(67,543)
Segment profit before tax
126,302
113,050
111,630
45,108
Finance income
11
2,125
1,187
12,768
12,995
Finance costs
11
(10,783)
(9,480)
(11,293)
(11,734)
Dividends received from subsidiaries 
16 
–
–
41,743
54,858
Profit before tax
117,644
104,757
154,848
101,227
Reconciliation of assets
EUR’000
 
Notes
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
Segment operating assets
3,154,592
3,765,193
1,257,611
1,373,066
Connection usage rights
 
–
(39,739)
–
–
Non-current financial investments
16
40
39
645,218
831,350
Loans to related parties
29 e
86,620
–
742,229
794,256
Other financial investments
22
16,836
16,885
16,836
16,885
Prepayment for income and other taxes
 
44
141
–
140
Cash and cash equivalents
19
100,703
122,722
98,261
121,261
Non-current financial investments and cash and cash 
equivalents of discontinued operation
–
(300)
–
–
Total assets
3,358,835
3,864,941
2,760,155
3,136,958
Reconciliation of liabilities
EUR’000
 
Notes
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
Segment operating liabilities
 
437,490
660,547
249,083
289,889
Deferred income tax liabilities
12
6,401
8,327
     – 
–
Current corporate income tax liabilities
 
2
2
        – 
–
Borrowings
23
743,199
882,671
733,392
872,899
Derivative financial instruments
24
9,504
9,216
9,504
9,216
Provisions and other payables
 
43,997
38,691
21,740
15,667
Total liabilities
 
1,240,593
1,599,454
1,013,719
1,187,671
Non-current assets that consist of intangible assets, property, plant and equipment and investment 
properties are located in the Group’s country of domicile – Latvia.
Revenue from major customer in 2020 for the Group amounted to EUR 51,089 thousand and for the 
Parent Company EUR 50,857 thousand (2019: EUR 58,161 thousand and EUR 58,161 thousand) arising 
from sales by the generation and trade segment.
6. Revenue
Accounting policy
Revenue from contracts with customers (IFRS 15)
Revenue from contracts with customers in scope for IFRS 15 encompasses sold goods or services provided 
as output of the entity’s ordinary activities. The Group and Parent Company use the following criteria to identify 
contracts with customers:
 
y the parties to the contract have approved the contract (in writing, orally or in accordance with other customary 
business practices) and are committed to perform their respective obligations;
 
y each party’s rights regarding the goods or services to be transferred can be identified;
 
y the payment terms for the goods or services to be transferred can be identified;
 
y the contract has commercial substance (i.e. the risk, timing or amount of the entity’s future cash flows is 
expected to change as a result of the contract);
 
y it is probable that the company will collect the consideration to which it will be entitled in exchange for the goods 
or services that will be transferred to the customer.
In evaluating whether collectability of an amount of consideration is probable, the Group and the Parent Company 
use portfolio approach practical expedient for all energy and related supply services, distribution system 
services and heat sales customers. Group and the Parent Company reasonably expects that the effects on the 
financial statements from applying these requirements to the portfolio would not differ materially from applying 
the requirements to the individual contracts within the portfolio. Collectability is assessed individually for other 
customers.
The Group and the Parent Company consider only the customer’s ability and intention to pay that amount of 
consideration when it is due.
Performance obligations are promises in the contracts (either explicitly stated or implied) with Group’s and the 
Parent Company’s customers to transfer to the customers either distinct goods or services, or series of distinct 
goods or services that are substantially the same and that have the same pattern of transfer to the customer.
29

--- Page 114 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
Promised goods or services represent separate performance obligations if the goods or services are distinct. A 
promised good or service is considered distinct if the customer can benefit from the good or service on its own 
or with other readily available resources (i.e. distinct individually) and the good or service is separately identifiable 
from other promises in the contract (distinct within the context of the contract). Both of these criteria must be met 
to conclude that the good or service is distinct.
Major distinct performance obligations identified in the contracts with customers by the Group and the Parent 
Company include sale of energy and related supply services, provision of distribution system services and sale of 
heat. The Group has assessed that connecting a customer to the distribution network as a separate performance 
obligation is not distinct within the context of the contract due to being highly interrelated to sales of distribution 
services (Note 4 c III).
Where contracts with customers include variable consideration, the Group and the Parent Company estimate at 
contract inception the variable consideration expected over the life of the respective contracts and updates that 
estimate each reporting period. A constrained variable consideration is identified in relation to sales of distribution 
system services.
The Group and the Parent Company recognise revenue when (or as) it satisfies a performance obligation to 
transfer a promised good or service to a customer. Revenue is recognised when customer obtains control of the 
respective good or service.
The Group and the Parent Company use output method to measure progress towards complete satisfaction of 
a performance obligations. Revenue from sale of energy and related supply services, provision of distribution 
system services and sale of heat are recognised over time as a continuous delivery of these goods and services 
is made over the term of the respective contracts.
Revenue from satisfied performance obligations under such contracts is recognised over time, if one of the following 
criteria is met:
 
y customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits;
 
y customer controls the asset as it is created or enhanced;
 
y the Group’s and Parent Company’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use and has a 
right to payment for performance completed.
Revenue from satisfaction of performance obligations is recognised based on identified transaction price. 
Transaction price reflects the amount to which the Group and the Parent Company have rights under the present 
contract. It is allocated to the distinct performance obligations based on standalone selling prices of the goods or 
services promised in the contract. The Group and the Parent Company allocate transaction price to the distinct 
performance obligations in proportion to their observable stand-alone selling prices and recognises revenue as 
those performance obligations are satisfied.
Payment terms for goods or services transferred to customers according to contract terms are within 20 to 45 
days from the provision of services or sale of goods. Invoices are mostly issued monthly.
Trade of energy and related supply services
Revenue from electricity and natural gas sales are recognised on the basis of meter readings. Revenue from 
other energy and related supply services are recognised on the basis of goods delivered or provided services and 
prices included in contracts with customers. Revenues from trade of electricity in Nord Pool power exchange are 
based on the calculated market prices in accordance with contract terms, therefore ‘right to invoice’ practical 
expedient is used to recognise revenue from such contracts as the amount corresponds directly with the value of 
the performance completed to date.
Sales of distribution system services (the Group)
Revenues from electricity distribution services are based on regulated tariffs that are subject to approval by the 
Public Utilities Commission and regulations by Cabinet of Ministers of the Republic of Latvia ‘Regulations on 
electricity trade and usage’. The Group recognises revenue from sales of distribution system services at the end of 
each month based on the automatically made meter readings or customers’ reported meter readings, on the period 
in which the services are rendered. Revenue is recognised in the amount for which the Group has right to invoice.
Heat sales
Revenue from sales of thermal energy is recognised at the end of each month based on the meter readings and 
corresponds to the invoiced amount.
Sales of IT & telecommunication services
Other revenue mainly includes revenues derived from information technology services (internet connection services, 
data communication services), open electronic communication network and telecommunication services to 
customers. Revenues are recognised upon usage of services listed in telecommunications billing system. Revenue 
is recognised in the amount for which the Group and the Parent Company have right to invoice.
EUR’000
 
IFRS 
applied
Group
Parent Company
2020
2019
2020
2019
Revenue from contracts with customers 
recognised over time:
Trade of energy and related supply services
IFRS 15
417,781
448,453
310,853
337,441
Distribution system services
IFRS 15
275,587
299,333
–
–
Heat sales
IFRS 15
53,428
68,235
42,635
56,854
Other revenue
IFRS 15
24,956
24,350
28,203
33,270
TOTAL revenue from contracts with customers
771,752
840,371
381,691
427,565
Other revenue:
Lease of other assets 
IFRS 16
1,639
1,265
3,921
9,964
TOTAL other revenue
1,639
1,265
3,921
9,964
TOTAL revenue 
773,391
841,636
385,612
437,529
The Group and the Parent Company derive revenue from contracts with customers from Latvia and 
outside Latvia– Estonia, Lithuania, Nordic countries.
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
2020
2019
2020
2019
Latvia
619,746
662,544
328,870
352,686
Outside Latvia
152,006
177,827
52,821
74,879
TOTAL revenue from contracts with customers
771,752
840,371
381,691
427,565
Accounting policy
The Group and the Parent Company have assessed that in providing Mandatory procurement PSO fees it is acting 
as an agent due to lack of control over PSO fee (Note 4 c I). The Parent Company has also concluded that it is acting 
as an agent in the provision of distribution system services and transmission system services because the Parent 
Company has no control over these services (Note 4 c II).
Mandatory procurement PSO fees
Revenue from mandatory procurement public service obligation (PSO) fees in the Group is recognised on net (agent) 
basis. PSO fee is managed within the context of mandatory procurement process by subsidiary Enerģijas publiskais 
tirgotājs AS (hereinafter– EPT) and is the difference (residual) between the revenue from the sale of electricity in Nord 
Pool power exchange by market price, received mandatory procurement PSO fee, received government grant for 
compensating the increase of mandatory procurement costs and the related costs– costs of purchased electricity 
under the mandatory procurement from electricity producers, as well as guaranteed fees for installed electrical 
capacity in cogeneration plants. EPT is acting as an agent in administration of the mandatory procurement process 
and receives revenue from mandatory procurement administration services (agent fee), which is recognised over 
time in the Group’s Statement of Profit or Loss as “Other revenue”.
30

--- Page 115 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
PSO fees are included in invoices issued by trader (Parent Company – Latvenergo AS) and by distribution system 
operator (Sadales tīkls AS) and are paid by customers together with unite invoice for electricity and distribution or 
transmission system services. System operators have the obligation to collect revenues of PSO fees from customers 
or traders and further to transfer these revenues to EPT. PSO fees are based on regulated tariffs that are subject to 
approval by the Public Utilities Commission. Due to lack of influence and control over PSO fees, the Group and the 
Parent Company consider themselves an agent in these transactions. Therefore, PSO fees received from electricity 
end-users and transferred to EPT are recognised in the Statement of Profit or Loss in net amount by applying the 
agent accounting principles.
Distribution system and transmission system services (Parent Company)
The Parent Company on behalf of distribution system operator (DSO) and transmission system operator (TSO) 
issues unite invoice including the fees for the distribution system or transmission system services, and transfers 
these fees to DSO or TSO accordingly.
Distribution system services and transmission system services are based on regulated tariffs that are subject to 
approval by the Public Utilities Commission. The Parent Company considers itself an agent in these transactions, 
therefore, the fees for distribution system and transmission system services received from customers and transferred 
to DSO and TSO are recognised in the Statement of Profit or Loss in net amount by applying the agent accounting 
principles.
Gross amounts invoiced to customers by applying agent accounting principle, 
recognised on net basis under trade of energy and related supply services
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
2020
2019
2020
2019
Mandatory procurement PSO fees 
84,665
88,082
88,177
90,605
Distribution system services
12,641
11,181
184,915
198,092
Transmission system services
1,654
1,557
1,686
1,596
TOTAL revenue recognised applying agent accounting principle
98,960
100,820
274,778
290,293
Net effect in revenue from applying agent accounting principle is 0.
Accounting policy
Revenue from contracts with customers
Connection fees to distribution system (the Group)
Connection fees to distribution system are non-refundable upfront fees paid by customers to secure connection to 
the distribution network, such fees are not distinct performance obligations as are highly interrelated with distribution 
system services. Connection fees partly reimburses for the cost of infrastructure to be built needed to connect the 
respective customer to the network. Connection fees to distribution system fee is calculated in accordance with 
Latvian regulatory authority (Public Utilities Commission) stated methodology.
Revenue from connection fees to distribution system are initially recognised as deferred income (contract liabilities) 
and recognised over the estimated customer relationship period of 20 years (Note 4 c III).
Revenue from other sources
Lease of transmission system assets until 10 June 2020 (IFRS 16) (Group, discontinued 
operation (Note 30))
Revenues from lease of transmission system assets are recognised on the basis of lease payment amount which 
are calculated for transmission system operator accordingly to determined fee per lease agreement and recognised 
on a straight–line basis over term of the lease. Concluded agreements on the lease of transmission system assets 
meet IFRS 16 ‘Leases’ criteria that is used for revenue recognition from lease.
Connection fees to transmission system until 10 June 2020 (IFRS 16) (Group, discontinued 
operation (Note 30))
Revenue from connection fees to transmission system are received as upfront payments from lessee under lease 
agreement and are carried in the Statement of Financial Position as deferred income and amortised to Statement of 
Profit or Loss on a straight–line over basis estimated lease period (Note 4 g).
Electricity connection fees to transmission system are recognised by the Group based on the necessity for a 
connection to the transmission network based on the request of lessee, which acts on behalf of users. For 
each connection fee a separate arrangement within the base lease agreement is concluded. Connection fee 
to transmission system partly reimburses the cost of infrastructure to be built and is needed for connection of 
transmission system user to the network. Connection service fee to transmission system is calculated in accordance 
with Latvian regulatory authority (Public Utilities Commission) stated methodology.
Deferred income from contracts with customers
EUR’000
 
Notes
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
Non–current deferred income from connection fees
28 I, a
138,750
142,453
– 
– 
Current deferred income from connection fees
28 II, a
14,167
13,629
– 
– 
Non-current other deferred income
28 I, a
863
877
863
877 
Current other deferred income
28 II, a
924
135
813
63 
TOTAL liabilities
154,704
157,094
1,676
940
Movement in deferred connection fees – from contracts with customers for the 
Group (non–current and current part)
EUR’000
 
Notes
Group
Parent Company
2020
2019
2020
2019
At the beginning of the year 
157,094
156,765
940
–
Received connection fees for connection to distribution system
28
10,749
12,902
– 
– 
Received advance payments for contracts with customers
28
808
940
808 
940 
Credited to the Statement of Profit or Loss
(13,947)
(13,513)
(72)
– 
At the end of the year
154,704
157,094
1,676
940 
31

--- Page 116 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
7. Other income
EUR’000
 
Notes
Group
Parent Company
2020
2019
2020
2019
Compensation from the state on state support for the 
installed capacity of CHPPs
4 h
23,990
23,990
23,990
23,990
Profit from distribution of non–current financial investments
16
–
–
36,246
–
Fines and penalties
2,060
(175)
1,483
(1,135)
Net gain on sale of assets held for sale and property, plant 
and equipment
1,123
378
1,026
378
Compensations and insurance claims
535
745
238
232
Other operating income
1,024
925
194
93
TOTAL other income
28,732
25,863
63,177
23,558
8. Raw materials and consumables
EUR’000
 
Notes
Group
Parent Company
2020
2019
2020
2019
Energy costs:
Electricity and costs of related supply services
154,667
168,699
50,433
56,701
(Gains) / losses on fair value changes on electricity forwards 
and futures
24 I
(2,334)
2,326
(2,334)
2,326
Electricity transmission services costs
29 a
71,054
71,552
957
1,015
Natural gas and other energy resources costs
117,185
205,905
111,151
199,027
Losses / (gains) on fair value changes on natural gas 
forwards
24 I
1,092
(2,033)
1,092
(2,033)
341,664
446,449
161,299
257,036
Raw materials, spare parts and maintenance costs
27,597
31,211
12,585
14,033
TOTAL raw materials and consumables used
369,261
477,660
173,884
271,069
9. Personnel expenses
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
2020
2019
2020
2019
Wages and salaries
79,457
77,075
34,603
34,081
State social insurance contributions
18,733
18,370
8,182
8,152
Expenditure of employment termination
1,783
(265)
275
162
Pension costs – defined contribution plan
3,612
2,066
1,571
919
Other benefits defined in the Collective Agreement
1,040
1,108
370
420
Life insurance costs
1,613
3,161
656
1,326
Capitalised personnel expenses
(267)
(166)
–
(21)
TOTAL personnel expenses, including remuneration to the 
management of continuing operations
105,971
101,349
45,657
45,039
Remuneration to the management including discontinued 
operation:
Wages and salaries
2,153
2,183
861
763
State social insurance contributions
516
513
208
183
Expenditure of employment termination
90
–
90
–
Pension costs– defined contribution plan
25
11
13
6
Life insurance costs
17
21
1
4
TOTAL remuneration to the management*
2,801
2,728
1,173
956
* Remuneration to the Group’s management includes remuneration to the members of the Management Boards of the Group entities, including management 
of discontinued operation (2020: EUR 160 thousand; 2019: EUR 135 thousand), the Supervisory Board and the Supervisory body (Audit Committee) of the 
Parent Company. Remuneration to the Parent Company’s management includes remuneration to the members of the Parent Company’s Management Board, 
the Supervisory Board and the Supervisory body (Audit Committee).
The Group and the Parent Company make monthly contributions to a closed defined contribution pension 
plan on behalf of their employees. The plan is managed by the non-profit public limited company Pirmais 
Slēgtais Pensiju Fonds, with the participation of the Group companies amounting for 48.15% (Parent 
Company– 46.30%) of its share capital. A defined contribution plan is a pension plan under which the 
Group and the Parent Company pay contributions into the plan. The Group and the Parent Company have 
no legal or constructive obligations to pay further contributions if the plan does not hold sufficient assets to 
pay all employees benefits relating to employee service in the current and prior periods. The contributions 
amount to 5% of each pension plan member’s salary. The Group and the Parent Company recognise the 
contributions to the defined contribution plan as an expense when an employee has rendered services in 
exchange for those contributions.
Number of employees
 
Group
Parent Company
2020
2019
2020
2019
Number of employees at the end of the year
3,295
3,423
1,267
1,328
Average number of employees during the year
3,362
3,476
1,281
1,342
32

--- Page 117 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
10. Other operating expenses
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
2020
2019
2020
2019
Selling expenses and customer services
7,526
5,360
5,444
3,937
Information technology maintenance
5,667
5,336
5,338
4,963
Transportation expenses
5,022
5,592
1,643
1,833
Environment protection and work safety
9,394
7,658
8,223
6,799
Real estate maintenance and utilities expenses
4,967
5,129
4,143
5,401
Lease of real estate and fixed assets
201
165
137
450
Telecommunications services
2,289
1,964
2,284
2,150
Real estate tax
979
961
964
1,061
Public utilities regulation fee
1,710
1,860
761
893
Audit fee
89
89
41
41
Changes in impairment losses on financial assets, net
(2,796)
(1,495)
(2,502)
(1,245)
Net losses from sale of assets held for sale and PPE
4,503
4,515
379
319
Other expenses
9,446
7,830
4,504
5,726
TOTAL other operating expenses
48,997
44,964
31,359
32,328
Audit of the Group’s Sustainability report and financial covenants is amounted to EUR 4 thousand 
(2019: EUR 4 thousand). Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS audit fee in the amount of EUR 7 thousand (2019: 
EUR 7 thousand) included in expenses of discontinued operation (Note 30). In addition to audit services, 
in 2020 auditors also provided other services, the costs of which are included in the position ‘Other 
expenses’; for the Group in the amount of EUR 3 thousand (2019: EUR 8 thousand), Parent Company – 
EUR 2 thousand (2019: EUR 7 thousand).
11. Finance income and costs
a) Finance income
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
2020
2019
2020
2019
Interest income 
2,032
1,088
1,097
1,086
Interest income on loans to subsidiaries
–
–
11,578
11,810
Net gain on issued debt securities (bonds)
93
44
93
44
Net gain on currency exchange rate fluctuations
–
55
–
55
TOTAL finance income
2,125
1,187
12,768
12,995
b) Finance costs
EUR’000
 
Notes
Group
Parent Company
2020
2019
2020
2019
Interest expense on borrowings
8,421
6,776
9,031
9,077
Interest expense on issued debt securities (bonds)
2,273
2,880
2,273
2,880
Interest expense on assets lease
131
96
69
57
Capitalised borrowing costs
14 a
(479)
(423)
(479)
(423)
Net losses on redemption of other financial investments
50
49
50
49
Net losses on currency exchange rate fluctuations
105
–
105
–
Other finance costs
275
102
244
94
TOTAL finance costs
10,776
9,480
11,293
11,734
12. Income tax
Accounting policy
Corporate income tax
Latvia
Corporate income tax is paid on distributed profits which has been generated as of 1 January 2018 and not 
previously taxed (less dividends received from subsidiaries), and deemed profit distributions. Both distributed profits 
and deemed profit distributions are subject to the tax rate of 20% of their gross amount, or 20/80 of net expense. 
Corporate income tax on dividends is recognised in the statement of profit or loss as expense in the reporting period 
when respective dividends are declared, while, as regards other deemed profit distribution items, at the time when 
expense is incurred in the reporting year.
Lithuania
Current corporate income tax is applied at the rate of 15% on taxable income generated by a company during the 
taxation period. Income tax expense for the period comprises current income tax and deferred income tax. Current 
income tax charges are calculated on current profit before tax using the tax rate 15% in accordance with applicable 
tax regulations as adjusted for certain non-deductible expenses/non-taxable income and are based on the taxable 
income reported for the taxation period.
Estonia
Under the Income Tax Act, the annual profit earned by entities is not taxed in Estonia. Corporate income tax is 
paid on dividends, fringe benefits, gifts, donations, representation costs, non-business related disbursements 
and transfer pricing adjustments. The tax rate on the net dividends paid out of retained earnings is 20/80. Since 
2019, it is possible to apply a tax rate of 14/86 to dividend payments. This more favorable tax rate can be used 
for dividend payments up to the average dividend payout of the previous three financial years, taxed 20/80 rate. 
In calculating the average dividend payment for the three preceding financial years, 2018 was the first year to be 
considered. The corporate income tax arising from the payment of dividends is accounted for as a liability and 
expense in the period in which dividends are declared, regardless of the actual payment date or the period for 
which the dividends are paid.
Deferred income tax
Latvia and Estonia
Deferred tax liabilities are recognised in the consolidated financial statements on undistributed profits of the 
subsidiaries, which will be subject to taxation upon distribution in foreseeable future. No other deferred tax assets 
and liabilities are recognised.
Lithuania
Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method on temporary differences arising between the 
tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the financial statements. Deferred income tax is 
determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted by the end of reporting period and are expected to 
apply when the related deferred income tax asset is realised, or the deferred income tax liability settled. Deferred 
income tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit of the respective Group 
entity will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised.
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
2020
2019
2020
2019
Current income tax for the year
8,160
8,565
–
–
Deferred income tax credit
(1,926)
(620)
–
–
TOTAL income tax
6,234
7,945
–
–
33

--- Page 118 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
13. Intangible assets
Accounting policy
Intangible assets are measured on initial recognition at historical cost. Following initial recognition, intangible assets 
are carried at cost less any accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses.
Assets under development are recognised in Statement of Financial Position within intangible assets and measured 
at cost until the intangible assets are completed and received.
Usage rights, licenses and software are shown at historical cost less accumulated amortisation and accumulated 
impairment losses. Amortisation is calculated using the straight–line method to allocate the cost of usage rights, 
licenses and software over their estimated useful lives. Computer software development costs recognised as assets 
are amortised over their estimated useful lives, not exceeding a period of use defined in agreement or five years.
Connection usage rights are the payments for the rights to use the transmission or distribution system’s power grid. 
Connection usage rights are measured at cost net of amortisation and accumulated impairment that is calculated 
on straight–line basis to allocate the cost of connection usage rights to the residual value over the estimated period 
of relationship with a supplier (connection installer).
EUR'000
Group
Parent Company
Usage rights 
and licences
Greenhouse 
gas emission 
allowances
Software
Assets under 
development
TOTAL
Usage rights 
and licences
Greenhouse 
gas emission 
allowances
Software
Assets under 
development
TOTAL
As of 31 December 2018
Cost
2,507
6,723
48,135
184
57,549
10,796
6,723
45,242
165
62,926
Accumulated amortisation
(2,362)
–
(36,108)
–
(38,470)
(5,016)
–
(35,097)
–
(40,113)
Net book amount
145
6,723
12,027
184
19,079
5,780
6,723
10,145
165
22,813
 
Year ended 31 December 2019
Additions
–
25,607
–
2,348
27,955
–
25,607
–
2,233
27,840
Transfers
–
–
2,384
(2,384)
–
1
–
2,249
(2,250)
–
Disposals
(13)
(21,306)
–
–
(21,319)
(458)
(21,306)
–
–
(21,764)
Amortisation charge
–
–
(3,128)
–
(3,128)
–
–
(2,778)
–
(2,778)
Closing net book amount as of 31 December 2019
132
11,024
11,283
148
22,587
5,323
11,024
9,616
148
26,111
 
As of 31 December 2019
Cost
2,507
11,024
50,487
148
64,166
10,797
11,024
47,467
148
69,436
Accumulated amortisation
(2,375)
–
(39,204)
–
(41,579)
(5,474)
–
(37,851)
–
(43,325)
Net book amount
132
11,024
11,283
148
22,587
5,323
11,024
9,616
148
26,111
 
Year ended 31 December 2020
Additions
–
9,547
–
4,805
14,352
–
9,547
–
4,269
13,816
Transfers
641
–
4,219
(4,860)
–
3
–
4,216
(4,219)
–
Disposals
–
(17,414)
–
–
(17,414)
–
(17,414)
–
–
(17,414)
Reclassified to current intangible assets
–
(3,157)
–
–
(3,157)
–
(3,157)
–
–
(3,157)
Impairment charge
–
–
(81)
–
(81)
–
–
(81)
–
(81)
Amortisation charge
(1,683)
–
(2,898)
–
(4,581)
(460)
–
(2,622)
–
(3,082)
Recognised usage rights after distribution of discontinued operation*
38,100
–
–
222
38,322
–
–
–
–
–
Closing net book amount as of 31 December 2020
37,190
–
12,523
315
50,028
4,866
–
11,129
198
16,193
 
As of 31 December 2020
Cost
58,173
–
52,617
315
111,105
10,800
–
49,593
198
60,591
Accumulated amortisation
(20,983)
–
(40,094)
–
(61,077)
(5,934)
–
(38,464)
–
(44,398)
Net book amount
37,190
–
12,523
315
50,028
4,866
–
11,129
198
16,193
* Until 10 June 2020, Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS was a Latvenergo Group’s company, that ensured the construction of connections to the transmission network and recognised usage rights for connection to transmission system network within the Group was excluded in consolidation process
34

--- Page 119 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
b) Greenhouse gas emission allowances:
Accounting policy
Emission rights for greenhouse gases (or allowances) are recognised and subsequently measured at purchase cost 
when the Group or the Parent Company is able to exercise the control. Allowances received from the Government 
free of charge are recognised at zero cost. In those cases, when the quantity of emitted greenhouse gases exceeds 
the quantity of allowances allocated by the state free of charge, the Group and the Parent Company purchase 
additional allowances.
 
Group
Parent Company
2020
2019
2020
2019
Number of 
allowances
Number of 
allowances
Number of 
allowances
Number of 
allowances
At the beginning of the year
1,784,364
1,805,556
1,688,912
1,661,313
Allowances allocated free of charge*
125,103
218,345
112,769
205,721
Purchased allowances
375,000
1,040,552
375,000
1,035,000
Written off verified allowances
(1,227,142)
(1,229,089)
(1,218,559)
(1,213,122)
Sold allowances
(80,000)
(51,000)
–
–
At the end of the year
977,325
1,784,364
958,122
1,688,912
including estimated allowances used during the 
reporting year (unverified)
(812,710)
(1,219,149)
(812,710)
(1,219,149)
Allowances available at the end of the year
164,615
565,215
145,412
469,763
* The number of allowances received by the Group and the Parent Company from the Government free of charge, in accordance with the law “On Pollution” 
and Directives of the Ministry of Environmental Protection and Regional Development of the Republic of Latvia. Therefore, their carrying amount as of 
31 December 2020 was nil (31/12/2019: nil). Received European Union Allowances (EUA) must be used until the end of 2021.
Current intangible assets
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
2020
2019
2020
2019
Net book amount at the beginning of the year
–
–
 
–
–
Additions
–
–
 
–
–
Disposals
–
–
 
–
–
Reclassified from non-current intangible assets
3,157
–
 
3,157
–
Closing net book amount at the end of the year
3,157
–
 
3,157
–
14. Property, plant and equipment
a) Property, plant and equipment
Accounting policy
Property, plant and equipment (PPE) are measured on initial recognition at cost. Following initial recognition PPE are 
stated at historical cost or revalued amount less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment loss, if any.
The acquisition cost comprises the purchase price, transportation costs, installation, and other direct expenses 
related to the acquisition or implementation. The cost of the self–constructed item of PPE includes the cost of 
materials, services and workforce. Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised 
as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the 
item will flow to the Group or the Parent Company and the cost of an item can be measured reliably. All other 
repair and maintenance expenses are charged directly to the Statement of Profit or Loss when the expenditure 
is incurred. Borrowing costs are capitalised to fixed assets proportionally to the part of the cost of fixed assets 
under construction over the period of construction.
If an item of PPE consists of components with different useful lives and acquisition costs of such components are 
significant concerning the PPE value, these components are accounted as separate items.
Land is not depreciated. Depreciation on the other assets is calculated using the straight–line method to allocate 
their cost over their estimated useful lives, as follows:
The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each reporting 
period. An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying 
amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount.
Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing proceeds with carrying amount. Those are included in 
the Statement of Profit or Loss. If revalued property, plant and equipment have been sold, appropriate amounts are 
reclassified from revaluation reserve to retained earnings.
All fixed assets under construction are stated at historical cost and comprise of costs of construction of assets. 
The initial cost includes construction and installation costs and other direct costs related to construction of fixed 
assets. General and specific borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition or construction of qualifying 
assets are added to the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended 
use. Borrowing costs consist of interest and other costs that the Group or the Parent Company incur in connection 
with the borrowing of funds. Assets under construction are not depreciated as long as the relevant assets are 
completed and ready for intended use, impairment test is performed when there is indication for impairment, either 
individually or at the cash-generating unit level. The amount of any impairment loss identified is measured as the 
difference between the asset’s carrying amount and the recoverable amount that is higher of the asset’s the fair 
value less costs to sell and value in use.
The Group and the Parent Company classifies non-current assets as held for sale if their carrying amount will 
be recovered principally through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use, and sale is considered 
highly probable. Non-current assets held for sale are measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair 
value less costs to sell.
Type of property, plant and equipment (PPE)
Estimated useful life, years
Buildings and facilities
15 – 100
Assets of Hydropower plants:
 - hydropower plants' buildings and facilities,
25 – 100
 - hydropower plants' technology equipment and machinery
10 – 40
Transmission system electricity lines and electrical equipment (until 10 June 2020):
 - electricity lines
20 – 50
 - electrical equipment of transformer substations
12 – 40
Distribution system electricity lines and electrical equipment:
 - electricity lines
30 – 50
 - electrical equipment of transformer substations
30 – 35
Technology equipment and machinery
3 – 40
Other property, plant and equipment
2 – 25
35

--- Page 120 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
Net book amounts and movements of property, plant and equipment by groups, including groups of revalued categories are as follows
EUR’000
Group
Parent Company
Land, 
buildings 
and 
facilities
Assets 
of Hydro 
Power Plant
Distribution 
system 
electricity 
lines and 
electrical 
equipment
Transmission 
system 
electricity 
lines and 
electrical 
equipment
Technology 
equipment 
and 
machinery
Other PPE
Assets 
under 
construction 
Property, 
plant and 
equipment 
TOTAL
Land, 
buildings 
and 
facilities
Assets 
of Hydro 
Power Plant
Technology 
equipment 
and 
machinery
Other PPE
Assets 
under 
construction 
Property, 
plant and 
equipment 
TOTAL
As of 31 December 2018
Cost or revalued amount
485,098
2,055,572
2,889,265
933,079
637,706
147,744
207,746
7,356,210
349,581
2,055,572
612,253
103,877
70,349
3,191,632
Accumulated depreciation and impairment
(248,134)
(1,267,062)
(1,391,596)
(538,909)
(509,190)
(98,862)
(5,364)
(4,059,117)
(201,337)
(1,267,062)
(498,204)
(86,088)
(5,055)
(2,057,746)
Net book amount
236,964
788,510
1,497,669
394,170
128,516
48,882
202,382
3,297,093
148,244
788,510
114,049
17,789
65,294
1,133,886
 
Year ended 31 December 2019
Additions
–
–
–
–
–
–
226,986
226,986
–
–
–
–
45,941
45,941
Invested in share capital (Note 20) 
87
–
–
–
5
–
–
92
87
–
5
–
–
92
Transfers
10,111
20,332
84,723
141,808
5,465
17,315
(279,754)
–
3,049
20,331
5,373
8,638
(37,391)
–
Reclassified to investment property
(135)
–
–
–
–
–
–
(135)
304
–
–
–
(2,243)
(1,939)
Reclassified to non-current assets for sale
–
–
–
–
–
(146)
–
(146)
–
–
–
–
–
–
Disposals
(441)
(1)
(5,154)
(224)
(323)
(42)
(56)
(6,241)
(6,057)
(1)
(307)
(154)
(457)
(6,976)
Reversed impairment charge
3,781
–
–
15,982
–
7
19,770
3,781
–
15,982
–
–
19,763
Depreciation
(15,154)
(25,864)
(65,465)
(23,439)
(40,630)
(12,747)
–
(183,299)
(10,118)
(25,864)
(39,067)
(6,717)
–
(81,766)
Assets attributable to the discontinued 
operation (Note 30)
(33,538)
–
–
(512,315)
–
(202)
(55,120)
(601,175)
–
–
–
–
–
–
Closing net book amount as of 
31 December 2019
201,675
782,977
1,511,773
–
109,015
53,060
94,445
2,752,945
139,290
782,976
96,035
19,556
71,144
1,109,001
 
As of 31 December 2019
Cost or revalued amount
456,257
2,050,409
2,921,846
–
637,869
157,052
99,802
6,323,235
341,761
2,050,409
612,341
105,335
76,199
3,186,045
Accumulated depreciation and impairment
(254,582)
(1,267,432)
(1,410,073)
–
(528,854)
(103,992)
(5,357)
(3,570,290)
(202,471)
(1,267,433)
(516,306)
(85,779)
(5,055)
(2,077,044)
Net book amount
201,675
782,977
1,511,773
–
109,015
53,060
94,445
2,752,945
139,290
782,976
96,035
19,556
71,144
1,109,001
Year ended 31 December 2020
Additions
(866)
–
–
–
–
(80)
164,997
164,051
–
–
–
–
46,730
46,730
Transfers
5,480
21,119
78,177
2,923
26,262
15,046
(149,007)
–
2,585
21,120
26,097
6,198
(56,000)
–
Reclassified (to) / from investment property, net
(477)
–
–
–
–
–
–
(477)
2,427
–
–
–
–
2,427
Reclassified to non-current assets for sale
–
–
–
–
(21)
(22)
–
(43)
–
–
–
(1)
–
(1)
Disposals
(364)
(4)
(5,340)
(33)
(201)
(42)
(417)
(6,401)
(299)
(4)
(195)
(236)
(741)
(1,475)
Investment in share capital of other company
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
(2,449)
–
(15)
(503)
–
(2,967)
Increase of assets as a result of revaluation
–
–
96,264
–
–
–
–
96,264
–
–
–
–
–
–
Reversed impairment charge as a result of 
revaluation
–
–
8,660
–
–
–
–
8,660
–
–
–
–
–
–
Impairment charge
(3,037)
–
–
–
(4,465)
–
373
(7,129)
(3,037)
–
(4,465)
–
386
(7,116)
Depreciation
(14,051)
(25,612)
(65,945)
(10,958)
(34,552)
(12,439)
–
(163,557)
(9,667)
(25,612)
(33,161)
(6,589)
–
(75,029)
Changes in value of assets attributable to the 
discontinued operation*
2,722
–
–
8,068
9
(1,929)
(25,857)
(16,987)
–
–
–
–
–
–
Closing net book amount as of 
31 December 2020
191,082
778,480
1,623,589
–
96,047
53,594
84,534
2,827,326
128,850
778,480
84,296
18,425
61,519
1,071,570
 
As of 31 December 2020
Cost or revalued amount
426,279
2,045,830
3,006,885
–
649,011
156,217
89,518
6,373,740
341,001
2,045,830
623,104
101,718
66,188
3,177,841
Accumulated depreciation and impairment
(235,197)
(1,267,350)
(1,383,296)
–
(552,964)
(102,623)
(4,984)
(3,546,414)
(212,151)
(1,267,350)
(538,808)
(83,293)
(4,669)
(2,106,271)
Net book amount
191,082
778,480
1,623,589
–
96,047
53,594
84,534
2,827,326
128,850
778,480
84,296
18,425
61,519
1,071,570
* Until 10 June 2020, Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS was a Latvenergo Group’s company, that was the owner of the transmission system assets and ensured the construction of the transmission network. Changes in value of assets include additions, disposals and depreciation of property, plant and equipment.
36

--- Page 121 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
Impairment charge or reversed charge is included in the Statement of Profit or Loss under ‘Depreciation, 
amortisation and impairment of intangible assets and property, plant and equipment’.
As of 31 December 2020, cost of fully depreciated PPE which are still in use for the Group amounted to 
EUR 354,967 thousand (31/12/2019: EUR 545,956 thousand) and for the Parent Company amounted to 
EUR 270,456 thousand (31/12/2019: EUR 313,243 thousand).
In 2020 the Group and the Parent Company have capitalised borrowing costs in the amount of 
EUR 479 thousand (2019: EUR 423 thousand) (see Note 11). Rate of capitalised borrowing costs was of 
1.58% (2019: 1.03%).
Information about the pledged property, plant and equipment is disclosed in Note 23 I.
b) Investment property
Accounting policy
Investment properties are land or a building or part of a building held by the Group or the Parent Company as the 
owner to earn rentals or for capital appreciation, rather than for use in the production of goods or supply of services 
or for administrative purposes, or sale in the ordinary course of business. Investment property generates cash flows 
independently of the other assets held. The investment properties are initially recognised at cost and subsequently 
measured at acquisition cost net of accumulated depreciation and impairment losses. The applied depreciation 
rates are based on estimated useful life set for respective fixed asset categories– from 15 to 80 years.
EUR'000
Group
Parent Company
Investment property held for 
capital appreciation
Investment properties for 
lease*
Investment property held for 
capital appreciation
TOTAL Investment property
2020
2019
2020
2019
2020
2019
2020
2019
Cost at the beginning of the year
910
1,638
64,377
94,626
876
1,604
65,253
96,230
Accumulated depreciation and impairment at the beginning of the year
(609)
(1,171)
(25,209)
(33,263)
(609)
(1,171)
(25,818)
(34,434)
Net book amount at the beginning of the year
301
467
39,168
61,363
267
433
39,435
61,796
Reclassified to investment property held for capital appreciation
477
135
– 
–
477
135
477
135
Reclassified from property, plant and equipment to investment property
– 
– 
– 
1,804
– 
– 
– 
1,804
Reclassified to property, plant and equipment
– 
– 
(2,904)
–
–
–
(2,904)
–
Disposal
(6)
– 
(24)
(58)
(6)
(8)
(30)
(66)
Investment in the share capital of other company
– 
– 
(32,333)
(21,354)
–
–
(32,333)
(21,354)
Sold
(263)
(929)
(840)
(223)
(257)
(929)
(1,097)
(1,152)
Impairment charge
 3 
636
–
–
3
636
3
636
Depreciation
–
(8)
(217)
(2,364)
– 
– 
(217)
(2,364)
Cost at the end of the year
1,455
910
4,005
64,377
1,427
876
5,432
65,253
Accumulated depreciation and impairment at the end of the year
(943)
(609)
(1,155)
(25,209)
(943)
(609)
(2,098)
(25,818)
Net book amount at the end of the year
512
301
2,850
39,168
484
267
3,334
39,435
* leased property, plant and equipment and real estate related to distribution and transmission system assets
The Group and the Parent Company apply the cost model in valuation of investment properties. Land or 
building or or part of a building held by the Group or the Parent Company as the owner to earn rentals 
or for capital appreciation, rather than for use in the production of goods or supply of services or for 
administrative purposes, or sale in the ordinary course of business, after decision of the Group’s or the 
Parent Company’s management are initially recognised as investment properties at cost and subsequently 
measured at acquisition cost net of accumulated depreciation and impairment losses.
c) Property, plant and equipment revaluation
Accounting policy
Revaluations have been made with sufficient regularity to ensure that the carrying amount of property, plant and 
equipment items subject to valuation does not differ materially from that which would be determined using fair value 
at the end of reporting period.
The following hydropower plants, transmission system and distribution system assets (property, plant and 
equipment) are revalued regularly but not less frequently than every five years:
a) Assets of Hydropower plants:
 
y hydropower plants’ buildings and facilities,
 
y hydropower plants’ technology equipment and machinery;
b) Transmission system electricity lines and electrical equipment (until 10 June 2020):
 
y electricity lines,
 
y electrical equipment of transformer substations;
c) Distribution system electricity lines and electrical equipment:
 
y electricity lines,
 
y electrical equipment of transformer substations.
37

--- Page 122 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
Increase in the carrying amount arising on revaluation is recognised in the Statement of Comprehensive income 
as “Non–current assets revaluation reserve” in shareholders’ equity. Decrease in the carrying amount arising on 
revaluation primarily offset previous increases recognised in ‘Comprehensive income’ and if decrease exceeds 
revaluation reserve, it is recognised in the Statement of Profit or Loss.
At the date of revaluation, initial carrying amounts and accumulated depreciation are increased or decreased 
proportionately with the change in the carrying amount of the asset so that the carrying amount of the asset after 
the revaluation equals its revalued amount.
Non-current assets revaluation reserve is decreased and transferred to retained earnings at the moment, when 
revalued asset has been written off or disposed.
Revaluation reserve cannot be distributed in dividends, invested in share capital, used for indemnity, reinvested in 
other reserves, or used for other purposes.
The carrying amounts of revalued categories of property, plant and equipment groups at revalued amounts 
and their cost basis are as follows:
EUR’000
Group
Revalued property, plant and equipment groups
Assets of 
Hydropower 
plants (the 
Parent 
Company) 
Distribution 
system 
electricity lines 
and electrical 
equipment
Transmission 
system 
electricity lines 
and electrical 
equipment
TOTAL 
revalued PPE
At revalued amounts
As of 31 December 2020
Revalued
2,045,830
 3,006,885
–
5,052,715
Accumulated depreciation and impairment
(1,267,350)
(1,383,296)
–
(2,650,646)
Revalued net book amount
778,480
1,623,589
–
2,402,069
 
As of 31 December 2019
 
 
Revalued
2,050,409
2,921,846
1,059,864
6,032,119
Accumulated depreciation and impairment
(1,267,432)
(1,410,073)
(547,549)
(3,225,054)
Revalued net book amount
782,977
1,511,773
512,315
2,807,065
At amounts stated on historical cost basis
As of 31 December 2020
Cost
432,117
1,518,927
–
1,951,044
Accumulated depreciation and impairment
(182,739)
(512,629)
–
(695,368)
Net book amount
249,378
1,006,298
–
1,255,676
 
As of 31 December 2019
Cost
413,734
1,377,374
586,842
2,377,950
Accumulated depreciation and impairment
(176,619)
(458,211)
(180,153)
(814,983)
Net book amount
237,115
919,163
406,689
1,562,967
Assets of Hydropower plants were revalued in 2017. The revaluation was performed by an independent, 
external and certified valuation expert by applying the income method or the replacement cost model. 
Income method is based on average perennial water inflow in each HPP, power exchange (Nordpool 
Spot) forecasts of electricity prices, analysis of historical generation and operating expenses, forecast of 
expenses based on public available state statistics, forecast of capital expenditure, forecast of net cash 
flows, as well as discount and capitalisation rate calculation using the weighted average cost of capital 
(WACC) formula based on market data.
Considering that the estimated replacement cost of the assets exceeded the value determined by using 
income method, the value of each of the hydropower plant assets item was reduced to recognise the 
economic depreciation. The replacement cost was determined according to technical characteristics of 
property, plant and equipment, current technical requirements and the cost of replacement of functional 
analogue less physical, functional and economic depreciation.
The nominal pre-tax discount rate used in valuation is 7.5%. If the pre-tax rate would be increased by 0.1% 
then the value of the revalued assets of hydropower plants would decrease by EUR 45,938 thousand. 
If the pre-tax rate would be decreased by 0.1%, the value of the revalued assets of hydropower plants 
would increase by EUR 48,308 thousand. If electricity price would increase by 1%, the value of assets 
would increase by EUR 27,665, if the prices would be by 1% less, the value of assets would decrease by 
EUR 27,665.
Management has evaluated changes in the input data used in valuation since revaluation and has 
estimated that their changes do not have a significant impact on the value of revalued property, plant and 
equipment groups.
Distribution system electrical equipment was revalued as of 1 April 2020, as a result the carrying value 
increased by EUR 30,739 thousand of which EUR 30,870 thousand was recognised as increase in 
property, plant and equipment revaluation reserve in equity (see Note 21), while impairment in amount of 
EUR 131 thousand was recognised in profit or loss. 
External valuation expert used cost approach and assessed how components of the replacement or renewal 
costs of the same property, plant and equipment items have changed since the previous revaluation. 
The values of sub-categories of property, plant and equipment were indexed by cost components. 
Material costs were indexed according to the data of the Central Statistical Bureau on price changes 
or the available information provided by Sadales tīkls AS on changes in construction / establishment 
costs from purchases made during the last 12 months. At the same time component of labour costs 
was indexed according to the data of the Central Statistical Bureau on wage growth in the respective 
period. According to the data of Central Statistical Bureau, the increase in labour costs since the period 
of previous revaluation (compared to the previous period) ranged from 1.47% to 9.51% per year and 
changes in prices of materials ranged from -4.28% to 2.7% per year. For materials, the value of which has 
been determined using the information provided by Sadales tīkls AS, price changes since the previous 
revaluation have ranged from -12.65% to 11.2%. After determining the estimated replacement or renewal 
value, the valuation expert estimated the physical and functional depreciation for each item of property, 
plant and equipment.
The revaluation result of the distribution system electricity lines has been recognised in the Financial 
statements of 2020 as an adjusting event, considering the revaluation has been performed as of 
1 January 2021. As a result an increase in value of assets in the amount of EUR 74,185 thousand was 
recognised in the Statement of Financial Position as of 31 December 2020, of which EUR 65,394 thousand 
was recognised in property, plant and equipment revaluation reserve in equity (see Note 21), while 
reversal of previously recognised impairment in the amount of EUR 8,791 thousand was recognised in 
the Statement of Profit or Loss position ‘Depreciation, amortisation and impairment of intangible assets, 
property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets’.
38

--- Page 123 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
External valuation expert used cost approach in valuation of electricity lines, by assessing the control 
estimate values of cost items of the electricity lines construction used for the construction of Sadales 
tīkls AS electricity network. The control estimate is an estimate of the median object for the construction 
or reconstruction of electricity lines, which corresponds to the median value of the price for each group of 
electricity lines (property, plant and equipment), not taking into account the extreme costs of construction. 
In the calculation of replacement costs, cost items of construction control estimates are priced according 
to market prices as of 1 January 2021. Initial replacement value for 1 km of electricity lines by each of 
electricity lines group, by regions, and by population levels of the territory was determined. Specialised 
databases of construction specialists, construction estimates of other customers for construction works 
and construction companies in Latvia, which were attributable to the valuation date, were used as source 
for market prices. After determining the estimated replacement or renewal value, the valuation expert 
estimated the physical and functional depreciation for each item of property, plant and equipment.
A quantitative sensitivity analysis of significant assumptions used in calculation of revalued amounts as 
of the date of revaluation is indicated below:
EUR'000
Date of 
revaluation
Labour costs
Material costs
Useful lives
1% 
increase
1% 
decrease
1% 
increase
1% 
decrease
1% 
increase
1% 
decrease
Revaluation of electrical equipment
01/04/2020
742
(743)
2,963
(2,476)
2,130
(2,140)
Revaluation of electricity lines
31/12/2020
5,484
(5,499)
5,387
(5,438)
6,772
(6,592)
Summary of quantitative information about the significant unobservable inputs
Date of 
revaluation
Proportion of labour 
costs (%) 
Proportion of material 
costs (%)
Useful lives (years)
Range
Average
Range
Average
Range
Revaluation of electrical equipment
01/04/2020
0-30
23
70-100
77
30-35
Revaluation of electricity lines
31/12/2020
25-49
38
51-75
62
30-50
d) Impairment
Accounting policy
Assets that are subject to depreciation or amortisation, land and investments in subsidiaries are reviewed 
for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be 
recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its 
recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of the asset’s fair value less costs of disposal and value 
in use. In assessing the value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using 
a pre–tax discount rate that reflects the current market expectations regarding the time value of money and the 
risks specific to the asset. For an asset that does not generate largely independent cash inflows, the recoverable 
amount is determined for the cash–generating unit to which the asset belongs. Impairment losses are recognised 
in the Comprehensive Income within PPE revaluation reserve for the assets accounted at revalued amount and in 
the Statement of Profit or Loss within amortisation, depreciation and impairment charge expenses for the assets 
that are accounted at cost, less depreciation and impairment, and for the assets accounted at revalued amount 
in case if impairment charge exceeds revaluation surplus previously recognised on individual asset.
The key assumptions used in determining recoverable amount of the asset are based on the Group entities’ or 
the Parent Company’s management best estimation of the range of economic conditions that will exist over the 
remaining useful life of the asset, on the basis of the most recent financial budgets and forecasts approved by 
the management for a maximum period of 10 years. Assets are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment 
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that impairment must be reviewed. The reversal of 
impairment for the assets that are accounted at cost, less depreciation and impairment, is recognised in the 
Statement of Profit or Loss. Reversal of impairment loss for revalued assets is recognised in the Statement of 
Profit or Loss to the extent that an impairment loss on the same revalued asset was previously recognised in the 
Statement of Profit or Loss; the remaining reversals of impairment losses of revalued assets are recognised in 
Comprehensive Income.
I) Latvenergo AS combined heat and power plants (Latvenergo AS CHPPs)
Impairment review performed for Latvenergo AS CHPPs is based on value in use calculations. The cash–
generating unit is defined as the assets of Latvenergo AS CHPPs.
In October 2017, the Parent Company applied for a one-off compensation from the state, at the same 
time opting out of the receipt of 75% of the guaranteed annual payments for installed electrical capacity 
in combined heat and power plant CHPP–1 and CHPP–2 (Note 4 h). The one-off compensation was 
calculated as 75% of the discounted future guaranteed payments for installed electrical capacity. On 
21 November 2017, the Cabinet of Ministers of the Republic of Latvia accepted an order on one–off 
compensation to Latvenergo AS on guaranteed support for the installed capacity of cogeneration power 
plants. Conditional grant part recognised as deferred income in the Group’s and the Parent Company’s 
statement of financial position (Note 28) and to be allocated to income on a straight-line basis until 
fulfilling obligation till the end of the support period– 23 September 2028. EUR 23,990 thousand were 
recognised as ‘Other income’ in the Group’s and Parent Company’s statement of profit or loss in 2020 
(2019: EUR 23,990 thousand) (Note 7). Consequently, EUR 185,429 thousand remained recognised as 
deferred income as of 31 December 2020 (31 December 2019: EUR 209,419 thousand) and to be 
allocated to income on a straight-line basis until fulfilling obligation till the end of the support period – 
23 September 2028.
As of 31 December 2020, the future discounted cash flows generated by the operation of Latvenergo 
AS CHPPs are evaluated in the amount of nil (see below). Consequently, the value of Latvenergo CHPPs 
assets is estimated equal to the deferred income as of 31 December 2020– EUR 185,429 thousand.
As a result of the above transactions, an additional impairment in the amount of EUR 7,502 thousand was 
recognised for Latvenergo AS CHPPs in 2020 (2019: reversal of an impairment EUR 19,475 thousand). 
The recognised impairment is included in the Statement of Profit or Loss position ‘Depreciation, 
amortisation and impairment of intangible assets, property, plant and equipment and right–of–use 
assets’.
To ensure the carrying value is in line with recognised impairment, the future cash flows expected 
to be derived from the operation of Latvenergo AS CHPPs were evaluated. Forecasted period is 
2021–2028 and the terminal value appraisal, evaluated as a fraction of the balance sheet’s assets 
value, is included. Revenue stream forecast mainly corresponds to the remaining intensity of electrical 
capacity payments and the support period for CHPP-2 till September 23, 2028 (for CHPP-1 ended 
in late 2020), as it is set out in regulations by Cabinet of Ministers of the Republic of Latvia No. 561, 
dated 2 September 2020. The forecast of expenses is based on historical data, the budget approved 
by the management for 2021, the service maintenance agreements and assumed inflation. Nominal 
pre–tax discount rate used to determine value in use of cash–generating unit by discounting cash 
flows is 7.5% (2019: 7.5%). As a result of calculation, the future discounted cash flows generated 
by Latvenergo AS CHPPs are evaluated as nil. A 1% increase in the discount rate would have an 
39

--- Page 124 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
impact of EUR 0.8 million (2019: EUR 1.4 million) on the recoverable amount of the assets. If the 
annual electrical capacity payments for cogeneration power plant CHPP–2 would be discontinued, 
then impairment of approximately EUR 80 million would be recognised. Impairment is estimated by 
assuming that capacity payment revenue decrease would be partly offset by a higher revenue from 
electricity production.
The accumulated impairment as of 31 December 2020 amounted to EUR 242,136 thousand (31/12/2019: 
EUR 234,634 thousand).
15. Leases
a) Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities
Accounting policy
At the time of conclusion of the contract, the Group and the Parent Company assess whether the contract is a lease 
or contains a lease. A contract is a lease, or contains a lease, when the contract gives the right to control the use 
of an identified asset throughout the period of time in exchange for consideration.
Lessee
To assess whether the contract is a lease or contains a lease, the Group and the Parent Company assess whether:
 
y the contract provides for the use of an identified asset: the asset may be designated, directly or indirectly, and 
must be physically separable or represent the total capacity of the asset from the physically separable asset. If 
the supplier has a significant right to replace the asset, the asset is not identifiable;
 
y the Group and the Parent Company have the right to obtain all economic benefits from the use of the identifiable 
asset over its useful life;
 
y the Group and the Parent Company have the right to determine the use of the identifiable asset. The Group and 
the Parent Company have the right to determine the manner in which the asset will be used, when it can decide 
how and for what purpose the asset will be used. Where the relevant decisions about how and for what purpose 
an asset is used are predetermined, the Group and the Parent Company should assess whether it has the right 
to dispose of the asset or designate the asset in a particular manner, or the Group and the Parent Company 
have developed an asset in a manner that predetermines how and for what purpose the asset will be used.
At initial measurement or in the case of reassessment of a lease that contains a lease component or several lease 
components, the Group and the Parent Company attribute each of the lease components to their relative individual 
price.
Leases and right–of–use assets are recognised for all long–term leases that meet the criteria of IFRS 16 (the 
remaining lease term exceeds 12–months at the date of implementation of the standard).
Low value leases are fully accounted without additional exemption.
Leases are recognised as right–of–use assets and the corresponding lease liabilities at the date when leased assets 
are available for use of the Group and the Parent Company. The cost of the right–of–use an asset consists of:
 
y the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;
 
y any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received;
 
y any initial direct costs.
The right–of–use the asset is recognised as a separate item in the composition of non-current assets and is classified 
according to groups of property, plant and equipment.
The Group and the Parent Company account for the right–of–use assets of land, buildings and facilities.
The right–of–use asset is amortised on a straight–line basis from the commencement date to the end of the useful 
life of the underlying asset. Depreciation is calculated on a straight–line basis from the commencement date of 
the lease to the end of the lease term, unless an asset is scheduled to be redeemed. The right–of–use asset is 
periodically reduced for impairment losses, if any, and adjusted for any revaluation of the lease liabilities.
Assets and liabilities arising from leases at commencement date are measured at the amount equal to the present 
value of the remaining lease payments, discounted by the interest rate implicit in the lease, if that rate can be readily 
determined. If that rate cannot be readily determined, the lessee shall use the incremental interest rate.
Lease liabilities include the present value of the following lease payments:
 
y fixed lease payments (including in–substance fixed lease payments), less any lease incentives receivable;
 
y variable leases payments that are based on an index or a rate;
 
y amounts expected to be payable by the lessee under residual value guarantees;
 
y the exercise price of a purchase option if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that option;
 
y payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects lessee exercising that option.
Lease liabilities are subsequently measured when there is a change in future lease payments due to changes of 
an index or a rate used to determine these payments, when the Group’s and the Parent Company’s estimate of 
expected payments changes, or when the Group and the Parent Company change their estimates of the purchase 
option, lease term modification due to extension or termination. When a lease liability is subsequently remeasured, 
the corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the right–of–use asset or recognised in the 
statement of profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right–of–use asset decreases to zero.
Each lease payment is divided between the lease liability and the interest expense on the lease. Interest expense on 
lease is recognised in the statement of profit or loss over the lease term to form a constant periodic interest rate for 
the remaining lease liability for each period.
Lease payments related to short–term leases are recognised as an expense in the statement of profit or loss on a 
straight–line basis. Short–term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or less at the commencement date.
The Group and the Parent Company have concluded several agreements for lease of land and real estate, 
as well has concluded an agreement until 2028 on a lease of the fiber of the combined optical cable 
(OPGW - optical ground wire with dual function).
The Group and the Parent Company have recognised the right-of-use assets for land, buildings and 
facilities.
Right–of–use assets
EUR’000
 
Notes
Group
Parent Company
Net book amount
As of 31 December 2018
–
–
Initial recognition value 
8,075
3,870
As of 1 January 2019
8,075
3,870
Recognised changes in lease agreements
(230)
3
Excluded right–of–use assets of discontinued operation
30
(1,099)
–
Depreciation
(1,224)
(397)
As of 31 December 2019
5,522
3,476
Recognised changes in lease agreements
4,178
1,746
Depreciation
(1,447)
(736)
As of 31 December 2020
8,253
4,486
40

--- Page 125 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
Lease liabilities
EUR’000
 
Notes
Group
Parent Company
As of 31 December 2018
–
–
Initial recognition value
8,075
3,870
As of 1 January 2019
8,075
3,870
Of which are:
 - Non–current 
6,839
3,500
 - Current 
1,236
370
Recognised changes in lease agreements
(222)
3
Excluded lease liabilities of discontinued operation
30
(1,107)
–
Decrease of lease liabilities
(1,277)
(428)
Recognised interest liabilities
96
57
As of 31 December 2019
5,565
3,502
Of which are
 - Non–current
4,349
3,126
 - Current
1,216
376
Recognised changes in lease agreements
4,178
1,746
Decrease of lease liabilities
(1,530)
(777)
Recognised interest liabilities
131
69
As of 31 December 2020
8,344
4,540
Of which are
 - Non–current 
6,783
3,734
 - Current 
1,561
806
Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit or 
loss over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance 
of the liability for each period.
b) Expenses from leases (IFRS 16)
The following amounts are recognised in profit or loss:
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
2020
2019
2020
2019
Depreciation for the right-of-use assets (land, buildings and facilities)
1,447
1,224
736
397
Interest expense on lease liabilities (included in finance costs)
131
96
69
57
Short–term lease expenses
201
165
137
450
TOTAL expenses from leases
1,779
1,485
942
904
In the Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended 31 December 2020, lease payments of the Group in 
amount of EUR 400 thousand (the Parent Company: EUR 632 thousand) have been made by non–cash 
offsetting and included in cash flows from operating activities in working capital adjustments (2019: the 
Group and the Parent Company EUR 400 thousand). Other lease payments of the Group in amount of 
EUR 1,111 thousand (the Parent Company: EUR 169 thousand) are included in the cash flows from 
financing activities (payments of principal on leases) and in cash flows from operating activities (payments 
of interest on leases) (2019: the Group EUR 875 thousand and the Parent Company EUR 18 thousand).
c) Income from leases
EUR’000
 
Notes
Group
Parent Company
2020
2019
2020
2019
Income from leases 
(the Group and the Parent Company is the lessor)
6
1,639
1,265
3,921
9,964
Future minimum lease payments receivable under operating lease contracts by 
due dates (the Group and the Parent Company are the lessor)
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
2020
2019
2020
2019
< 1 year
1,271
1,251
3,921
9,964
1–5 years
3,920
3,693
4,379
15,110
> 5 years
1,602
2,002
1,601
2,002
TOTAL rental income
6,793
6,946
9,902
27,076
16. Non–current financial investments
The Parent Company’s participating interest in subsidiaries and other non–current financial 
investments
Name of the company
Country of 
incorporation
Business activity held
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
Interest 
held, %
EUR’000
Interest 
held, %
EUR’000
Investments in subsidiaries:
Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS
Latvia
Lease of transmission system 
assets
–
–
100%
186,432
Sadales tīkls AS
Latvia
Electricity distribution
100%
641,450
100%
641,150
Enerģijas publiskais tirgotājs AS
Latvia
Administration of mandatory 
electricity procurement process
100%
40
100%
40
Elektrum Eesti OÜ
Estonia
Electricity and natural gas trade
100%
35
100%
35
Elektrum Lietuva, UAB
Lithuania
Electricity and natural gas trade
100%
98
100%
98
Liepājas enerģija SIA
Latvia
Thermal energy generation and 
trade, electricity generation
51%
3,556
51%
3,556
TOTAL
645,179
831,311
Other non–current financial investments:
Pirmais Slēgtais Pensiju 
Fonds AS
Latvia
Management of pension plans
46.30%
36
46.30%
36
Rīgas siltums AS
Latvia
Thermal energy generation and 
trade, electricity generation
0.0051%
3
0.0051%
3
TOTAL
39
39
41

--- Page 126 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
The Group’s non–current financial investments
Name of the company
Country of 
incorporation
Business activity held
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
Interest 
held, %
EUR’000
Interest 
held, %
EUR’000
Other non–current financial investments
Pirmais Slēgtais Pensiju Fonds AS
Latvia
Management of pension plans
48.15%
37
48.15%
36
Rīgas siltums AS
Latvia
Thermal energy generation and 
trade, electricity generation
0.0051%
3
0.0051%
3
TOTAL
40
39
The Group owns 48.15% of the shares of the closed pension fund Pirmais Slēgtais Pensiju Fonds AS 
(Latvenergo AS– 46.30%). However, the Group and the Parent Company are only a nominal shareholder 
as the Pension Fund is a non-profit company, and all risks and benefits arising from associate’s activities 
and investments in the pension plan are taken and accrued by the members of the Pension Fund pension 
plan. For this reason, the investment in Pirmais Slēgtais Pensiju Fonds AS is valued at acquisition cost. 
On 26 May 2020 Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS sold 1/6 of presumed capital shares of Pirmais Slēgtais 
Pensiju Fonds AS to Sadales tīkls AS and Enerģijas publiskais tirgotājs AS.
As of 31 December 2020 Enerģijas publiskais tirgotājs AS and Sadales tīkls AS jointly own one share 
of Pirmais Slēgtais Pensiju Fonds AS with nominal value in the amount of EUR 1,422 (1.85% interest 
held in share capital) and consequently, each entity owns 1/2 of the notional shares in the amount 
of EUR 711 per share.
In 2020, the Parent Company invested EUR 300 thousand in the share capital of Sadales tīkls AS, by 
investing the Parent Company’s real estate and property, plant and equipment related to distribution 
system in the amount of EUR 35,300 thousand and its related liabilities (borrowings) in the amount of 
EUR 35,000 thousand.
In 2019, the Parent Company invested EUR 808 thousand in the share capital of Latvijas elektriskie 
tīkli AS, by investing the Parent Company’s real estate related to transmission system in the amount of 
EUR 26,846 thousand and its related liabilities (borrowings) in the amount of EUR 26,038 thousand, as 
well as its lease, supervisory and governance activities.
On 10 June 2020, transmission system assets in the amount of EUR 694.3 million were separated 
from Latvenergo Group, transferring all the shares of Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS in the amount of 
EUR 222.7 million to the Ministry of Economics. The separation of Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS was carried 
out by reducing the share capital of Latvenergo AS, it was reduced to EUR 612.2 million (Note 20).
Profit from distribution of non–current financial investments in Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS for the Parent 
Company is disclosed in Note 7 and for the Group in Note 30.
Accounting policy on investments in subsidiaries and non-current investments disclosed in Note 2.
Movement in non-current investments
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
2020
2019
2020
2019
At the beginning of the year
39
40
831,350
830,542
Invested in share capital
–
–
300
808
Disposal of investment in Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS
–
–
(186,432)
–
Discontinued operation
1 
(1)
–
–
At the end of the year
40
39
645,218
831,350
Summarised financial information for subsidiaries
EUR'000
Subsidiaries
Equity
Net profit for the year
Dividends from subsidiaries*
Carrying amount of interest 
from investment
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS
–
233,757
2,249
9,486
9,742
17,945
–
186,432
Sadales tīkls AS
1,011,688
917,097
22,050
29,317
29,317
33,743
641,450
641,150
Enerģijas publiskais tirgotājs AS
40
40
–
–
–
40
40
Elektrum Eesti OÜ
911
960
239
288
288
250
35
35
Elektrum Lietuva, UAB
455
881
77
504
504
548
98
98
Liepājas enerģija SIA
16,918
17,075
3,555
4,464
1,892
2,372
3,556
3,556
 
1,030,012
1,169,810
28,170
44,059
41,743
54,858
645,179
831,311
* in 2020 dividends from subsidiaries received in cash in the amount of EUR 12,426 thousand and with non-cash offset in the amount of EUR 29,317 thousand (2019: EUR 21,115 thousand received in cash and with non-cash offset in the amount of EUR 33,743 thousand)
Summarised financial information for non-controlling interests
EUR'000
Non-controlling interest of subsidiaries
Non-current assets
Current assets
Non-current liabilities
Current liabilities
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
Liepājas enerģija SIA (49 %)
16,706
17,645
1,302
2,027
6,320
8,602
3,320
2,611
42

--- Page 127 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
17. Inventories
Accounting policy
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Net realisable value is the estimated selling 
price in the ordinary course of business, less applicable variable selling expenses. Cost is determined using the 
weighted average method, except of natural gas inventory held per Inčukalns underground gas storage where cost 
is determined using FIFO method.
Purchase cost of inventories consists of the purchase price, import charges and other fees and charges, freight–in 
and related costs as well as other costs directly incurred in bringing the materials and goods to their present location 
and condition. The value of inventories is assigned by charging trade discounts, reductions and similar allowances.
Existence of inventories as of the end of reporting period is verified during stock–taking.
At the end of each reporting year the inventories are reviewed for any indications of obsolescence. When obsolete or 
damaged inventories are identified allowances are recognised to their recoverable amount. Additionally, during the 
reporting year at least each month inspection of idle inventories is performed with the purpose to identify obsolete 
and damaged inventories. Allowances for an impairment loss are recognised for those inventories.
The following basic principles are used in determining impairment losses for idle inventories:
a) Maintenance inventories for machinery and equipment of hydropower plants and thermal power plants that 
haven’t turned over during last 12 months are impaired in amount of 90%, while inventories haven’t turned over 
during last 6 months are impaired in amount of 45%
b) All other inventories that haven’t turned over during last 12 months are fully impaired, while inventories that 
haven’t turned over during last 6 months are impaired in amount of 50%,
c) Allowances are not calculated for the fuel necessary to ensure uninterrupted operations of hydropower and 
combined heat and power plants, for natural gas and scraps.
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
Raw materials and materials
17,224
15,114
824
762
Natural gas
41,621
80,907
41,620
80,907
Goods for sale
2,508
1,874
549
421
Other inventories
8,203
8,156
8,060
8,065
Prepayments for inventories
189
163
25
41
Allowance for raw materials and other inventories
(991)
(1,287)
(607)
(674)
TOTAL inventories
68,754
104,927
50,471
89,522
Changes in the allowance for raw materials and materials at warehouses are included in the Statement of 
Profit or Loss position ‘Raw materials and consumables used’.
Movement on the allowance for inventories
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
2020
2019
2020
2019
At the beginning of the year
1,287
1,137
674
736
(Credited) / charged to the  Statement of Profit or Loss
(296)
150
(67)
(62)
At the end of the year
991
1,287
607
674
18. Receivables from contracts with customers and other receivables
Accounting policy
Receivables from contracts with customers and other receivables are classified in groups:
a) Energy and related services sales, including distribution system services,
b) Heating sales,
c) Other sales (IT & telecommunication services, connection service fees and other services),
d) Receivables from subsidiaries,
e) Other financial receivables.
Receivables from contracts with customers are recognised initially when they originated. Receivables without a 
significant financing component are initially measured at the transaction price and subsequently are measured at 
amortised cost.
The Group and the Parent Company consider the evidence of impairment for the receivables from contracts with 
customers and other receivables at both an individual and a collective level. All individually significant receivables and 
receivables of energy industry companies and related parties are individually assessed for impairment. Those found 
not to be impaired are then collectively assessed for any impairment that has been incurred but not yet individually 
identified. Receivables that are not individually significant are collectively assessed for impairment using the portfolio 
model. Collective assessment is carried out by grouping together receivables with similar risk characteristics and 
the days past due. The Group and the Parent Company have applied two expected credit loss models: portfolio 
model and counterparty model.
The expected loss rates used for portfolio model are based on the payment profiles of sales over a period of 3 years 
and the corresponding historical credit losses experienced within this period and are adjusted to reflect current 
and forward-looking information. The Group and the Parent Company apply the IFRS 9 simplified approach to 
measuring expected credit losses of the collectively assessed receivables (portfolio model) using lifetime expected 
loss allowance.
For individually significant other receivables and other receivables of energy industry companies and related parties’ 
receivables the Group and the Parent Company apply the IFRS 9 general approach to measuring expected credit 
losses (counterparty model) using expected credit loss allowance on assessment of significant increase of credit 
risk. The expected credit losses according to this model are based on assessment of the individual counterparty’s 
risk of default based on Moody’s corporate default and recovery rates for the Latvenergo group’s and the relevant 
industry’s entities (Note 4 b).
Receivables from contracts with customers grouped by the expected credit loss 
(ECL) assessment model, net
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
Individually assessed receivables with lifetime ECL assessment 
(counterparty model)
2,775
5,105
6,257
9,068
Receivables with lifetime ECL assessment by simplified approach 
(portfolio model)
105,403
106,425
69,599
73,905
TOTAL receivables from contracts with customers
108,178
111,530
75,856
82,973
43

--- Page 128 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
a) Receivables from contracts with customers, net
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
Receivables from contracts with customers:
 - Electricity, natural gas trade and related services customers 
(portfolio model)
136,647
138,926
102,120
107,721
 - Heating customers (portfolio model)
9,463
9,210
7,386
7,127
 - Other receivables from contracts with customers (portfolio model)
3,557
5,019
1,093
2,571
 - Other receivables from contracts with customers (counterparty 
model)
2,780
5,112
1,480
2,452
 - Subsidiaries (counterparty model)
–
–
4,782
6,623
 
152,447
158,267
116,861
126,494
Allowances for expected credit loss from contracts with 
customers:
 - Electricity, natural gas trade and related services customers 
(portfolio model)
(41,761)
(44,108)
(40,672)
(43,187)
 - Heating customers (portfolio model)
(328)
(325)
(315)
(315)
 - Other receivables from contracts with customers (portfolio model)
(2,175)
(2,297)
(13)
(12)
 - Other receivables from contracts with customers (counterparty 
model)
(5)
(7)
(2)
(3)
 - Subsidiaries (counterparty model)
–
–
(3)
(4)
 
(44,269)
(46,737)
(41,005)
(43,521)
Receivables from contracts with customers, net:
 - Electricity, natural gas trade and related services customers 
(portfolio model)
94,886
94,818
61,448
64,534
 - Heating customers (portfolio model)
9,135
8,885
7,071
6,812
 - Other receivables from contracts with customers (portfolio model)
1,382
2,722
1,080
2,559
 - Other receivables from contracts with customers (counterparty 
model)
2,775
5,105
1,478
2,449
 - Subsidiaries (counterparty model)
–
–
4,779
6,619
108,178
111,530
75,856
82,973
Receivables from contracts with customers with lifetime expected credit losses (ECL) assessed on the portfolio model basis and grouped by past due days
EUR'000
Late payment delay in days 
ECL rate 
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
Receivables
Allowances 
for ECL
Net
Receivables
Allowances 
for ECL
Net
Receivables
Allowances 
for ECL
Net
Receivables
Allowances 
for ECL
Net
On time
0.20%
102,220
(220)
102,000
100,773
(221)
100,552
67,146
(148)
66,998
69,391
(154)
69,237
Less 30 days
3%
1,923
(58)
1,865
4,139
(124)
4,015
1,251
(38)
1,213
3,193
(96)
3,097
Past due 30 - 59 days
20%
1,070
(214)
856
1,194
(239)
955
990
(198)
792
1,083
(217)
866
Past due 60 - 89 days
50%
422
(211)
211
470
(235)
235
391
(195)
196
432
(216)
216
Past due 90 - 179 days
60%
572
(343)
229
785
(471)
314
508
(305)
203
562
(337)
225
Past due 180 - 359 days
75%
970
(728)
242
1,414
(1,060)
354
789
(592)
197
1,055
(791)
264
Past due more than 360 days
100%
15,997
(15,997)
–
17,971
(17,971)
–
13,480
(13,480)
–
15,405
(15,405)
–
Insolvent debtors*
100%
26,493
(26,493)
–
26,409
(26,409)
–
26,044
(26,044)
–
26,298
(26,298)
–
TOTAL
 
149,667
(44,264)
105,403
153,155
(46,730)
106,425
110,599
(41,000)
69,599
117,419
(43,514)
73,905
* receivables under insolvency process and with an established payment schedule
The expected loss rates used for portfolio model are based on the payment profiles of sales over a period 
of 3 years and the corresponding historical credit losses experienced within this period. Adjusting by 
forward-looking information is disclosed in Note 4 b.
Receivables from contracts with customers with lifetime expected credit losses 
(ECL) assessed on the counterparty model basis
EUR’000
 
Notes
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
Other receivables from contracts with customers
2,780
5,112
1,480
2,452
Allowances for expected credit loss on other receivables 
from contracts with customers
(5)
(7)
(2)
(3)
Receivables from subsidiaries
29 b
–
–
4,170
5,022
Accrued income from subsidiaries
29 c
–
–
612
1,601
Allowances for expected credit loss on subsidiaries 
receivables
29 b
–
–
(3)
(4)
TOTAL
2,775 
5,105
6,257
9,068
Allowances for impairment loss are calculated based on Moody’s credit rating agency corporate default 
and debt recovery rate assigned for credit rating level - Baa2 (stable) (for receivables from related parties) 
and corporate default and debt recovery rate assigned for energy utilities industry.
There is no significant concentration of credit risk with respect to receivables from contracts with 
customers as the Group and the Parent Company have large number of customers except major heating 
customer the net debt of which as of 31 December 2020 amounted to EUR 7,077 thousand (31/12/2019: 
EUR 6,818 thousand).
The Management assumptions and methodology for estimation of impairment for receivables from 
contracts with customers and evaluation of impairment risk are described in Note 4.
44

--- Page 129 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
Movements in loss allowances for impaired receivables from contracts with 
customers
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
2020
2019
2020
2019
At the beginning of the year
46,737
47,803
43,521
44,337
Receivables written off during the year as uncollectible
(3,681)
(1,935)
(3,252)
(1,422)
Allowances for expected credit losses
1,213
869
736
606
At the end of the year
44,269
46,737
41,005
43,521
b) Other financial receivables (assessed on the counterparty model basis)
EUR’000
 
Level of 
SICR
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
Current financial receivables:
Unsettled revenue on mandatory procurement PSO fee 
recognised as assets*
Stage 1
77,273
74,938
–
–
Receivables for lease
Stage 1
32
76
26
71
Stage 3
16
–
7
–
Other current financial receivables
Stage 1
6,641
1,236
5,054
300
Stage 3
1,728
1,877
1,331
1,234
Other accrued income
Stage 1
874
872
874
872
Allowances for expected credit loss
Stage 1
(164)
(231)
(116)
(134)
Stage 3
(1,536)
(1,877)
(1,215)
(1,234)
Receivables for lease from subsidiaries (Note 29 b)
Stage 1
–
–
73
615
Other financial receivables from subsidiaries (Note 29 b)
Stage 1
–
–
21,460
9,640
Other accrued income from subsidiaries (Note 29 c)
Stage 1
–
–
1,850
1,864
Allowances for expected credit loss on subsidiaries 
receivables (Note 29 b)
Stage 1
–
–
(16)
(7)
TOTAL current financial receivables
84,864
76,891
29,328
13,221
TOTAL other financial receivables
84,864
76,891
29,328
13,221
* by applying agent principle unsettled revenue on mandatory procurement PSO fee is recognised as assets in net amount, as difference between revenue 
and costs recognised under the mandatory procurement
As of 31 December 2020 the Group and the Parent Company have no significant concentration of credit 
risk with respect to other financial receivables except the commodities exchange– Nasdaq Commodities– 
the net debt of which to the Group as of 31 December 2020 amounted to EUR 2,348  thousand 
(31/12/2019: the net debt to the Group of transmission system operator– Augstsprieguma tīkls AS 
including receivables from contracts with customer amounted to EUR 39,870 thousand; see Note 29 b) 
and receivable from State of guaranteed fee for the installed electrical capacity of cogeneration power 
plants and unsettled revenue on mandatory procurement PSO fee recognised as assets. Loss allowance 
for other financial receivables assessed individually and based on counterparty’s model (Note 4).
c) Other non-financial receivables
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
Non–current non–financial receivables
429
433
417
421
Total non–current non–financial receivables
429
433
417
421
Current non–financial receivables:
Pre–tax and overpaid taxes
226
69
212
58
Other current receivables
226
125
70
49
Total current non–financial receivables
452
194
282
107
TOTAL non–financial receivables
881
627
699
528
None of the receivables are secured with pledges or otherwise. The carrying amounts of other receivables 
are assumed to approximate their fair values.
19. Cash and cash equivalents
Accounting policy
Cash and cash equivalents include cash balances on bank accounts, demand deposits at bank and other short–
term deposits with original maturities of three months or less.
EUR’000
 
Notes
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
Cash at bank
100,703
85,665
98,261
84,504
Short–term bank deposits
–
30,000
–
30,000
Restricted cash and cash equivalents*
–
6,757
–
6,757
Cash and cash equivalents
100,703
122,422
98,261
121,261
Cash attributable to discontinued operation
30
–
300
–
–
TOTAL cash and cash equivalents with discontinued operation
100,703
122,722
98,261
121,261
* Restricted cash and cash equivalents as of 31 December 2019 consist of the financial security for participating in Nasdaq Commodities Exchange. As of 31 
December 2020 the management of the Parent Company revised its judgements (estimates) and recognised financial security as current financial receivables 
(see Note 4 j)
In existing rate environment, cash at bank balances practically don’t earn any interests. Short–term 
deposits are placed for different periods between several days and three months depending on the 
immediate cash needs of the Group and the Parent Company and cash flow forecasts. During 2020 the 
average annual effective interest rate earned on short–term cash deposits was 0.15% (2019: 0.15%). 
If cash balances at banks exceed certain limits, the banks apply the European Central Bank’s deposit 
facility rate for cash balances above set limits.
The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents are assumed to approximate their fair values.
45

--- Page 130 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
20. Share capital
As of 31 December 2020, the registered share capital of the Latvenergo AS is EUR 790,348 thousand 
(31/12/2019: EUR 834,883 thousand) and consists of 790,348 thousand ordinary shares (31/12/2019: 
834,883 thousand) with the nominal value of EUR 1 per share (31/12/2019: EUR 1 per share). All shares 
have been fully paid.
On 10 June 2020, transmission system assets were separated from the Latvenergo Group, transferring 
all the shares of Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS to the Ministry of Economics and decreasing share capital of 
Latvenergo AS in the amount of EUR 222,678 thousand. On 9 June 2020 changes of share capital were 
registered in the Commercial Register of the Republic of Latvia according to the decision by the Register 
of Enterprises of the Republic of Latvia.
On 9 July 2020, in accordance with the decision of the Cabinet of Ministers of the Republic of Latvia on 
unbundling of transmission assets dated 8 October 2019, the shareholders’ meeting of Latvenergo AS 
decided to increase the share capital of Latvenergo AS by investing in Latvenergo AS retained earnings 
from previous years in the amount of EUR 178,143 thousand. On 16 July 2020 changes of share capital 
were registered in the Commercial Register of the Republic of Latvia according to the decision by the 
Register of Enterprises of the Republic of Latvia.
In June 2019, in accordance with the Directive No. 177 of the Cabinet of Ministers of the Republic of 
Latvia, dated 16 April 2019 – “On the Investment of the State’s property units in the Share Capital of 
Latvenergo AS”, real estate in the amount of EUR 92 thousand was invested in the share capital of 
Latvenergo AS (Note 14 a).
21. Reserves, dividends and earnings per share
a) Reserves
EUR'000
Notes
Group
Parent Company
Property, plant 
and equipment 
revaluation 
reserve
Hedge 
reserve
Post–employment 
benefit plan 
revaluation 
reserve
Other 
reserves
TOTAL 
reserves of 
continuing 
operations
Reserves 
classified 
as held for 
distribution
TOTAL
Property, plant 
and equipment 
revaluation 
reserve
Hedge 
reserve
Post–employment 
benefit plan 
revaluation 
reserve
TOTAL
As of 31 December 2018
1,120,169
5,544
(357)
110
1,125,466
–
1,125,466
789,344
5,544
(333)
794,555
Non–current assets revaluation reserve attributable to discontinued 
operations
30
(29,171)
–
–
–
(29,171)
29,171 
–
 
–
–
–
– 
Post–employment benefit plan revaluation reserve attributable to 
discontinued operations
30
– 
– 
(18)
– 
(18)
18 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
Disposal of non–current assets revaluation reserve
14 a
(7,226)
– 
– 
– 
(7,226)
(255)
(7,481)
(3,474)
– 
– 
(3,474)
(Losses) / gains on re–measurement of defined post–employment benefit 
plan
27 a, 30
– 
– 
(2,045)
– 
(2,045)
2 
(2,043)
 
– 
– 
(1,148)
(1,148)
Losses from fair value changes of derivative financial instruments
24
– 
(11,771)
– 
– 
(11,771)
– 
(11,771)
 
– 
(11,771)
– 
(11,771)
As of 31 December 2019
1,083,772
(6,227)
(2,420)
110
1,075,235
28 936
1,104,171
 
785,870
(6,227)
(1,481)
778,162
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Non–current assets revaluation reserve attributable to discontinued 
operations
30
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
(28 683)
(28,683)
– 
– 
– 
– 
Post–employment benefit plan revaluation reserve attributable to 
discontinued operations
30
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
(21)
(21)
– 
– 
– 
– 
Increase of non–current assets revaluation reserve as a result of revaluation
14 a
96,264 
– 
– 
– 
96,264
– 
96,264
– 
– 
– 
– 
Disposal of non–current assets revaluation reserve
14 a
(8,882)
– 
– 
– 
(8,882)
(232)
(9,114)
(4,097)
–
–
(4,097)
Losses on re–measurement of defined post–employment benefit plan
27 a, 30
– 
– 
(476)
– 
(476)
– 
(476)
–
–
(176)
(176)
Losses from fair value changes of derivative financial instruments
24
– 
(7,774)
– 
– 
(7,774)
– 
(7,774)
–
(7,774)
–
(7,774)
As of 31 December 2020
1,171,154
(14,001)
(2,896)
110
1,154,367
– 
1,154,367
 
781,773
(14,001)
(1,657)
766,115
46

--- Page 131 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
Non-current assets revaluation reserve, post–employment benefit plan revaluation and hedge reserves 
cannot be distributed as dividends. Other reserves are maintained with the aim to maintain stability in the 
operations of the Group entities.
b) Dividends
Accounting policy
Dividend distribution to the Parent Company’s shareholders is recognised as a liability in the Financial Statements in 
the period in which the dividends are approved by the Parent Company’s shareholders.
In 2020 the dividends declared to equity holders of the Parent Company for 2019 were EUR 127,071 thousand 
or EUR 0.16003 per share (in 2019 for 2018: EUR 132,936 thousand or EUR 0.15923 per share).
According to the Law “On the Medium-Term Budget Framework for 2021, 2022 and 2023” the expected 
amount of dividends to be paid by Latvenergo AS for the use of state capital in 2021 (for the reporting 
year 2020) amounted to not less than EUR 98,2 million (incl. income tax). The distribution of net profit 
and amount of dividends payable is subject to a resolution of the Latvenergo AS Shareholders Meeting.
c) Earnings per share
Accounting policy
The Group’s share capital consists of the Parent Company’s ordinary shares. All shares have been fully paid.
Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing profit attributable to the equity holders of the Parent 
Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding (Note 20). As there are no 
potential ordinary shares, diluted earnings per share are equal to basic earnings per share in all comparable 
periods.
 
Group
Parent Company
2020
2019
2020
2019
Profit attributable to the equity holder of the Parent Company (in 
thousand EUR)
114,513
92,660
154,848
101,227
Weighted average number of shares (thousand)
794,059
834,845
794,059
834,845
Basic earnings per share (in euros)
0.144
0.111
0.195
0.121
Diluted earnings per share (in euros)
0.144
0.111
0.195
0.121
22. Other financial investments
Carrying (amortised cost) amount of other financial investments
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
Financial investments in Latvian State Treasury bonds:
 - non–current
2,693
16,885
2,693
16,885
 - current
14,143
–
14,143
–
TOTAL other financial investments
16,836
16,885
16,836
16,885
As of 31 December 2020 the entire Group’s and the Parent Company’s other financial investments 
were Latvian State Treasury bonds with 10–year maturity, which were purchased with the purpose 
to invest liquidity reserve in the low risk financial instruments with higher yield. In 2020 in connection 
with the amortisation of other financial investments net losses in the amount of EUR 50 thousand 
(2019: EUR 49 thousand) (Note 11) are recognised from changes in the value of the purchased bonds. 
All financial investments are denominated in euros. The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting 
date is the carrying amount of other financial investments.
In 2020 the fair value of other financial investments is higher than the carrying amount by EUR 1,195 thousand 
(2019: EUR 2,031 thousand). Other financial investments in Latvian State Treasury bonds are listed. The 
fair value of other financial investments is calculated by discounting their future cash flows and using as 
discount factor the market quoted yield to maturity rates of the respective bonds as of the end of the 
reporting period (Level 2).
23. Borrowings
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
Non-current borrowings from financial institutions
533,898
601,826
526,229
596,560
Issued debt securities (bonds)
100,179
100,303
100,179
100,303
Total non-current borrowings
634,077
702,129
626,408
696,863
Current portion of non-current borrowings from financial 
institutions
107,428
142,885
105,330
138,691
Issued debt securities (bonds)
–
34,969
–
34,969
Current borrowings
–
291
–
–
Accrued interest on non-current borrowings
617
713
577
692
Accrued coupon interest on issued debt securities (bonds)
1,077
1,684
1,077
1,684
Total current borrowings
109,122
180,542
106,984
176,036
TOTAL borrowings
743,199
882,671
733,392
872,899
Movement in borrowings
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
2020
2019
2020
2019
At the beginning of the year
882,671
814,343
872,899
802,268
Borrowings received
39,500
180,291
35,000
180,000
Borrowings repaid
(143,176)
(112,102)
(138,692)
(109,513)
Repayment of issued debt securities (bonds)
(35,000)
–
(35,000)
–
Change in accrued interest on borrowings
(703)
183
(722)
188
Changes in outstanding value of issued debt securities (bonds)
(93)
(44)
(93)
(44)
At the end of the year
743,199
882,671
733,392
872,899
47

--- Page 132 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
Borrowings by categories of lenders
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
Foreign investment banks
334,506
351,458
334,506
351,458
Commercial banks
307,437
394,257
297,630
384,485
Issued debt securities (bonds)
101,256
136,956
101,256
136,956
TOTAL borrowings
743,199
882,671
733,392
872,899
Borrowings by contractual maturity, excluding the impact of derivative 
instruments to the interest rate
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
Fixed rate non–current and current borrowings:
 - < 1 year (current portion of non–current borrowings)
1,077
86,700
1,077
86,700
 - 1–5 years
100,179
100,303
100,179
100,303
Total fixed rate borrowings
101,256
187,003
101,256
187,003
Floating rate non–current and current borrowings:
 - < 1 year (current borrowings)
–
292
–
1
 - < 1 year (current portion of non–current borrowings)
108,169
93,675
106,031
89,459
 - 1–5 years
367,474
363,360
362,162
358,595
 - > 5 years
166,300
238,341
163,943
237,841
Total floating rate borrowings
641,943
695,668
632,136
685,896
TOTAL borrowings
743,199
882,671
733,392
872,899
Borrowings by repricing of interest, including the impact of derivative instruments
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
 - < 1 year
461,003
522,950
451,196
513,178
 - 1–5 years
182,196
259,721
182,196
259,721
 - > 5 years
100,000
100,000
100,000
100,000
TOTAL borrowings
743,199
882,671
733,392
872,899
As of 31 December 2020 and as of 31 December 2019 all of the Group’s and the Parent Company’s 
borrowings were denominated in euros.
The fair value of current and non-current borrowings with floating interest rates approximate their carrying 
amount, as their actual floating interest rates approximate the market price of similar financial instruments 
available to the Group and the Parent Company, i.e., the floating part of the interest rate corresponds to 
the money market price while the added part of the interest rate corresponds to the risk premium the 
lenders in financial and capital markets require from companies of similar credit rating level; therefore, the 
effect of fair value revaluation is not significant.
Lease liabilities of the Group and the Parent Company are disclosed in Note 15.
I) Pledges
As of 31 December 2020 the Group’s and the Parent Company’s assets are not pledged to secure the 
borrowings, except the pledge on assets of Liepājas Enerģija SIA of maximum secured claims in the 
amount of EUR 29 million (31/12/2019: EUR 25 million) to secure its current and non-current borrowings. 
As of the end of the reporting year there has been pledged the property, plant and equipment in the net 
book amount of EUR 26 million and the claims on the receivables accounts in the amount of EUR 3 million 
(31/12/2019: EUR 23 million and EUR 2 million, respectively).
II) Un–drawn borrowing facilities
As of 31 December 2020, the un–drawn committed non-current credit facilities amount to EUR 35 million 
(31/12/2019: EUR 85 million).
As of 31 December 2020, the Group had entered into five overdraft agreements with total notional 
amount of EUR 128 million (31/12/2019: two overdraft agreements of EUR 19 million) of which four 
overdraft agreements were entered by the Parent Company with total notional amount of EUR 125 million 
(31/12/2019: one overdraft agreements of EUR 15 million). In respect of all the overdraft agreements 
all conditions precedent have been met. At the end of the reporting year, no credit lines were used 
(31/12/2019: EUR 291 thousand of credit lines were used).
III) Weighted average effective interest rate
During the reporting year the weighted average effective interest rate (including interest rate swaps) 
on non–current borrowings was 1.38% (2019: 1.48%), weighted average effective interest rate for 
current borrowings was 0.77% (2019: 0.87%). As of 31 December 2020 interest rates for non–current 
borrowings in euros were 6  month EURIBOR+ 0.94% (31/12/2019: +0.99%) for the Group and 6  month 
EURIBOR+ 0.93% (31/12/2019: +0.98%) for Latvenergo AS. As of 31 December 2020, the total notional 
amount of interest rate swap agreements concluded by the Group amounted to EUR 193.8 million 
(31/12/2019: EUR 229.4 million) and the interest rate was fixed for the initial periods from 7 to 10 years.
IV) Issued and outstanding debt securities (bonds)
In 2013 the Parent Company (Latvenergo AS) issued bonds in the amount of EUR 35 million with maturity 
date – 22 May 2020 (ISIN code – LV0000801165) with the annual coupon rate of 2.8%. In 2015 and in 
2016, Latvenergo AS issued green bonds in the total amount of EUR 100 million with the maturity date 
10 June 2022 (ISIN code – LV0000801777) with the annual coupon rate of 1.9%. The total nominal amount 
of outstanding bonds as of 31 December 2020 was EUR 100 million (31/12/2019: EUR 135 million). All 
issued bonds are quoted in NASDAQ Baltic Stock Exchange. The issued debt securities (bonds) are 
measured at amortised cost at the end of reporting year.
As of 31 December 2020, the fair value of issued debt securities (bonds) exceeds their carrying amount by 
EUR 2.5 million (31/12/2019: EUR 3.5 million). The fair value of debt securities (bonds) issued is calculated 
by discounting their future cash flows and using the market quoted yield to maturity rates of the respective 
bonds as of the end of the reporting year as discount factor (Level 2).
48

--- Page 133 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
24. Derivative financial instruments
Accounting policy
The Group and the Parent Company use derivatives such as interest rate swaps, electricity forwards and futures, 
natural gas forwards and currency exchange forwards to hedge risks associated with the interest rate and purchase 
price fluctuations, respectively. The Group and the Parent Company have decided to continue to apply hedge 
accounting requirements of IAS 39 for derivatives.
Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value on the date a derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently 
re–measured at their fair value. Fair values are obtained from quoted market prices and discounted cash flow 
models as appropriate.
The method of recognising the resulting gain or loss depends on whether the derivative is designated as a hedging 
instrument, and if so, on the nature / content of the item being hedged. Other derivatives are accounted for at fair 
value through profit or loss.
The Group and the Parent Company designate certain derivatives as hedges of a particular risk associated with 
highly probable forecasted transactions or variable rate borrowings. The Group and the Parent Company document 
at the inception of the transaction the relationship between hedging instruments and hedged items, as well as 
its risk management objectives and strategy for undertaking various hedging transactions. The Group and the 
Parent Company also document their assessment, both at hedge inception and on an on–going basis, whether the 
derivatives that are used in hedging transactions are highly effective in offsetting changes in cash flows of hedged 
items.
The fair value of the derivative instruments is presented as current or non-current based on settlement date. 
Derivative instruments that have maturity of more than twelve months and have been expected to be hold for more 
than twelve months after the end of the reporting year are classified as non-current assets or liabilities. Derivatives 
are carried as assets when fair value is positive and as liabilities when fair value is negative.
Cash flow hedge
The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges 
is recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity within ‘Hedging reserve’. The gain or loss 
relating to the ineffective portion, if such arise, would be recognised immediately in the Statement of Profit or Loss.
Amounts accumulated in equity are recognised in the Statement of Profit or Loss in the periods when the hedged 
item affects profit or loss.
When a hedging instrument expires or is sold, or when a hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, 
any cumulative gain or loss existing in equity at that time remains in equity and is recognised when the forecast 
transaction is ultimately recognised in the Statement of Profit or Loss.
I) Outstanding fair values of derivatives and their classification
EUR’000
Notes
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
 
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
Assets
Liabilities
Assets
Liabilities
 Assets
Liabilities
Assets
Liabilities
Interest rate swaps
24 II
– 
(9,504)
– 
(9,216)
– 
(9,504)
– 
(9,216)
Electricity forwards and 
futures
24 III
617 
– 
– 
(3,916)
617 
– 
– 
(3,916)
Natural gas forwards
24 IV
940 
(4,993)
6,717 
– 
940 
(4,993)
6,717 
– 
Currency exchange forwards
24 V
– 
(7)
– 
– 
– 
(7)
– 
– 
Total outstanding fair 
values of derivatives
1,557
(14,504)
6,717
(13,132)
1,557
(14,504)
6,717
(13,132)
EUR’000
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
 
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
Assets
Liabilities
Assets
Liabilities
 Assets
Liabilities
Assets
Liabilities
Non–current
291
(9,672)
–
(6,149)
291
(9,672)
–
(6 149)
Current
1,266
(4,832)
6,717
(6,983)
1,266
(4,832)
6,717
(6 983)
TOTAL fair values of derivative 
financial instruments
1,557
(14,504)
6,717
(13,132)
1,557
(14,504)
6,717
(13,132)
Gains / (losses) on fair value changes as a result of realised hedge agreements
EUR’000
 
Notes
Group
Parent Company
2020
2019
2020
2019
Included in the Statement of Profit or Loss
Electricity forwards and futures
8
2,334
(2,326)
2,334
(2,326)
Natural gas forwards
8
(1,092)
2,033
(1,092)
2,033
 
 
1,242
(293)
1,242
(293)
Included in the Statement of Comprehensive Income
Interest rate swaps
24 II
(288)
(1,841)
(288)
(1,841)
Electricity forwards and futures
24 III
2,199
(17,443)
2,199
(17,443)
Natural gas forwards
24 IV
(9,678)
7,513
(9,678)
7,513
Currency exchange forwards
24 V
(7)
–
(7)
–
 
(7,774)
(11,771)
(7,774)
(11,771)
Total loss on fair value changes
(6,532)
(12,064)
(6,532)
(12,064)
II) Interest rate swaps
As of 31 December 2020, the Group and the Parent Company had interest rate swap agreements with total 
notional amount of EUR 193.8 million (31/12/2019: EUR 229.4 million). Interest rate swaps are concluded 
with 7 to 10 year initial maturities and hedged floating rates are 6 month EURIBOR. As of 31 December 2020, 
fixed interest rates vary from 0.087% to 2.41% (31/12/2019: from 0.087% to 2.5775%).
As at the end of the year all the outstanding interest rate swap agreements with total notional amount of 
EUR 193.8 million were eligible for hedge accounting and were assessed prospectively and retrospectively 
to test whether they are effective within the hedging period (31/12/2019: 100% with notional amount of 
EUR 229.4 million). All contracts are designed as cash flow hedges. It was established that they are fully 
effective and therefore there is no ineffective portion to be recognised within profit or loss in the Statement 
of Profit or Loss.
Fair value changes of interest rate swaps
EUR’000
Group
Parent Company
2020
2019
 
2020
2019
Assets
Liabilities
Assets
Liabilities
 Assets
Liabilities
Assets
Liabilities
Outstanding fair value at the 
beginning of the year
–
(9,216)
–
(7,375)
–
(9,216)
–
(7,375)
Included in Statement of 
Comprehensive Income
–
(288)
–
(1,841)
–
(288)
–
(1,841)
Outstanding fair value at the end 
of the year
–
(9,504)
–
(9,216)
–
(9,504)
–
(9,216)
49

--- Page 134 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
The main interest rate hedging criteria stated in the Financial Risk Management policy is to ensure 
average fixed rate duration from 1 to 4 years and fixed rate portion at more than 35% of borrowings. 
As of 31 December 2020 38% (31/12/2019: 45%) of the Group’s and 39% (31/12/2019: 45%) of the 
Parent Company’s borrowings had fixed interest rates (taking into account the effect from the interest rate 
swaps), and average remaining time to interest re–pricing was 1.6 years (2019: 1.8 years) for the Group 
and the Parent Company.
III) Electricity forwards and futures
As of 31 December 2020, the Group and the Parent Company have entered into 101 electricity forward 
and future contracts (31/12/2019: 28 contracts) with total outstanding electricity purchase volume 
of 358,873  MWh (31/12/2019: 1,676,105 MWh) and notional value of EUR 8 million (31/12/2019: 
EUR 41 million). Electricity forward and future contracts are concluded for the maturities from one month 
to one year with expiration date during the period from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2022.
The Group and the Parent Company enter into electricity future contracts in the Nasdaq Commodities 
exchange, as well as concludes electricity forward contracts with other counterparties. Electricity forward 
and future contracts are intended for hedging of the electricity price risk and are used for fixing the price 
of electricity purchased in the Nord Pool AS power exchange.
Electricity forward and future contracts with total outstanding volume of 283,578 MWh as of 31 December 
2020 (31/12/2019: 1,247,040 MWh) are designated to comply with hedge accounting treatment and were 
reassessed prospectively and retrospectively to test whether they are effective within the hedging period. 
All contracts are designed as cash flow hedges. For the contracts which are fully effective contracts fair 
value gains are included in other comprehensive income.
Fair value changes of electricity forward and future contracts
EUR'000
Notes
Group
Parent Company
2020
2019
 
2020
2019
Assets
Liabilities
Assets
Liabilities
 Assets
Liabilities
Assets
Liabilities
Outstanding fair value at 
the beginning of the year
 
–
(3,916)
15,853
–
–
(3,916)
15,853
–
Included in the Statement of 
Profit or Loss
8
114
2,220
(105)
(2,221)
114
2,220
(105)
(2,221)
Included in Statement of 
Comprehensive Income
 
503
1,696
(15,748)
(1,695)
503
1,696
(15,748)
(1,695)
Outstanding fair value at 
the end of the year
 617
–
–
(3,916)
 617
–
–
(3,916)
IV) Natural gas swaps
As of 31 December 2020 the Group and the Parent Company have entered into 30 natural gas price 
swap contracts (31/12/2019: 36 contracts) with total outstanding natural gas purchase volume of 
3,390,000  MWh (31/12/2019: 3,690,000 MWh) and notional value of EUR 57 million (31/12/2019: 
EUR 71 million). Natural gas swap contracts are concluded for the maturities from one month to one 
season with expiration date during the period of 1 January 2021 to 31 March 2022. The Group and the 
Parent Company have concluded natural gas swap contracts with other counterparties. Natural gas swap 
contracts are intended for hedging of the natural gas price risk and are used for fixing the price of natural 
gas purchased in wholesale gas market. 16 natural gas swap contracts with total outstanding volume of 
2,370,000 MWh as of 31 December 2020 are designated to comply with hedge accounting treatment 
(31/12/2019: 13 contracts of 1,650,000 MWh) and were reassessed prospectively and retrospectively to 
test whether they are effective within the hedging period.
Fair value changes of natural gas forward contracts
EUR'000
Notes
Group
Parent Company
2020
2019
 
2020
2019
Assets
Liabilities
Assets
Liabilities
 Assets
Liabilities
Assets
Liabilities
Outstanding fair value at 
the beginning of the year
 
 6,717
–
–
(2,829)
 6,717
–
–
(2,829)
Included in the Statement of 
Profit or Loss
8
(1,092)
–
2,033
–
(1,092)
–
2,033
–
Included in Statement of 
Comprehensive Income
 
(4,685)
(4,993)
4,684 
2,829
(4,685)
(4,993)
4,684
2,829
Outstanding fair value at 
the end of the year
940
(4,993)
6,717 
–
940
(4,993)
6,717
–
V) Currency exchange forwards
As at 31 December 2020 the Group and the Parent Company have entered in two EUR/USD currency 
exchange forwards. The notional principal amount of the outstanding currency exchange forwards as at 
31 December 2020 were USD 0.932 million (31/12/2019: 0).
The hedged highly probable forecasted USD currency transactions are expected to occur at various dates 
during the next 3 months. Gains / (losses) on fair value changes as a result of realised hedge agreements 
on EUR/USD currency exchange forwards as at 31 December 2020 are recognised in the hedging 
reserve in equity as they qualify under requirements of hedge accounting according to the Financial Risk 
Management Policy.
All outstanding EUR/USD currency exchange forwards at 31 December 2020 were designed as cash 
flow hedges for USD transactions of Riga TEC-2 combined heat and power plant on the contract of 
replacement of the stator windings of the gas turbine generator.
Fair value changes of forward currencies exchange contracts
EUR'000
Group
Parent Company
2020
2019
 
2020
2019
Assets
Liabilities
Assets
Liabilities
 Assets
Liabilities
Assets
Liabilities
Outstanding fair value at the 
beginning of the year
 –
–
–
–
 –
–
–
–
Included in Statement of 
Comprehensive Income
–
(7)
– 
–
–
(7)
–
–
Outstanding fair value at the end 
of the year
–
(7)
– 
–
–
(7)
–
–
50

--- Page 135 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
25. Fair values and fair value measurement
Accounting policy
The Group and the Parent Company measure financial instruments, such as, derivatives, at fair value at each 
balance sheet date. Non-financial assets such as investment properties are measured at amortised cost, but some 
items of property, plant and equipment at revalued amounts.
The fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction 
between market participants at the measurement date. Fair values are estimated based on market prices and 
discounted cash flow models as appropriate.
The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets is based on quoted market prices at the end of 
reporting period. The quoted market prices used for financial assets held by the Group and the Parent Company 
are the actual closing prices.
The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in active market is determined by using valuation techniques. 
The Group and the Parent Company use a variety of methods and make assumptions that are based on market 
conditions existing at end of reporting period. Estimated discounted cash flows are used to determine fair value for 
the remaining financial instruments.
The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:
a) The fair values of borrowings with floating interest rates approximate their carrying amount, as their 
actual floating interest rates approximate the market price of similar financial instruments available to 
the Group and the Parent Company, i.e., the floating part of the interest rate corresponds to the money 
market price while the added part of the interest rate corresponds to the risk premium the lenders in 
financial and capital markets require from companies of similar credit rating level (Level 2);
b) The fair value of loans to subsidiaries with fixed rates calculations are based on discounted cash 
flows using discount factor of respective maturity EUR swap rates increased by average market margin 
of short term financing
c) The Group and the Parent Company enter into derivative financial instruments with various 
counterparties, financial institutions and energy utility company, with investment grade credit ratings. 
The derivative financial instruments are determined by using various valuation methods and models 
with market observable inputs. The models incorporate the credit quality of counterparties, foreign 
exchange spot and forward rates. The fair values of interest rate swaps are obtained from corresponding 
bank’s revaluation reports and in financial statements fair values of financial instruments as specified 
by banks are disclosed. To make sure the fair values of interest rate swaps are accurate in any material 
aspect, the Group and the Parent Company makes its own interest rate swaps fair value calculations 
by discounting financial instruments future contractual cash flows using euro annual bond 6 months 
Euribor interest rate swap curve. The fair value of electricity forward and future contracts and natural 
gas swap contracts is calculated as discounted difference between actual market and settlement 
prices for the volume set in the agreements. If counterparty is a bank, calculated fair values of financial 
instruments are compared to bank’s revaluation reports and the bank’s calculated fair values of the 
financial instruments are used in the financial reports; In case of electricity forward and future contracts 
and natural gas swap contracts are concluded with counterparties, fair values as calculated by the 
Group and the Parent Company are disclosed in Financial Statements;
d) The fair value of the bonds issued and financial investments in government bonds are calculated 
by discounting their future cash flows using the market quoted yield to maturity rates of the respective 
bonds as of the end of the reporting year as discount factor;
e) The fair value of investment properties is determined using the income method, by discounting 
expected future cash flows. In 2020, the nominal pre–tax discount rate used to determine the fair 
value of investments is 4.40% (2019: 4.61%) as included in the electricity distribution and transmission 
system service tariff calculation methodology.
In this Note are disclosed the fair value measurement hierarchy for the Group’s and the Parent Company’s 
financial assets and liabilities and revalued property, plant and equipment.
51

--- Page 136 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
Quantitative disclosures of fair value measurement hierarchy for assets at the end of the year
EUR'000
Type of assets
Notes
Group
Parent Company
Fair value measurement using
 
Fair value measurement using
Quoted prices 
in active 
markets 
(Level 1)
Significant 
observable 
inputs 
(Level 2)
Significant 
unobservable 
inputs 
(Level 3)
TOTAL
 Quoted prices 
in active 
markets 
(Level 1)
Significant 
observable 
inputs 
(Level 2)
Significant 
unobservable 
inputs 
(Level 3)
TOTAL
As of 31 December 2020
Assets measured at fair value
Revalued property, plant and equipment
14 c
–
–
2,402,069
2,402,069
–
–
778,480
778,480
Non-current financial investments
16
–
–
40
40
–
–
39
39
Derivative financial instruments, including:
Electricity forwards and futures
24
–
617
–
617
–
617
–
617
Natural gas forwards
24
–
940
–
940
–
940
–
940
 
Assets for which fair values are disclosed 
Investment properties
14 b
–
–
512
512
–
–
3,334
3,334
Other financial investments
22
–
16,836
–
16,836
–
16,836
–
16,836
Floating rate loans to subsidiaries
29 e
–
–
–
–
–
131,133
–
131,133
Fixed rate loans to related parties
29 e
–
86,620
–
86,620
–
611,096
–
611,096
Current financial receivables
18 a, b
–
–
193,042
193,042
–
–
105,184
105,184
Cash and cash equivalents
19
–
100,703
–
100,703
–
98,261
–
98,261
As of 31 December 2019
Assets measured at fair value
Revalued property, plant and equipment
14 c
–
–
2,807,065
2,807,065
–
–
782,977
782,977
Non-current financial investments
16
–
–
39
39
–
–
39
39
Derivative financial instruments, including:
Natural gas forwards
24
–
6,717
–
6,717
–
6,717
–
6,717
 
Assets for which fair values are disclosed 
Investment properties
14 b
–
–
301
301
–
–
39,435
39,435
Other financial investments
22
–
16,885
–
16,885
–
16,885
–
16,885
Floating rate loans to subsidiaries
29 e
–
–
–
–
–
151,289
–
151,289
Fixed rate loans to subsidiaries
29 e
–
–
–
–
–
642,967
–
642,967
Current financial receivables
18 a, b
–
–
188,421
188,421
–
–
96,194
96,194
Cash and cash equivalents
19
–
122,422
–
122,422
–
121,261
–
121,261
There have been no transfers for assets between Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 during the reporting period.
52

--- Page 137 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
Quantitative disclosures of fair value measurement hierarchy for liabilities at the end of the year
EUR'000
Type of liability
Notes
Group
Parent Company
Fair value measurement using
 
Fair value measurement using
Quoted prices 
in active 
markets 
(Level 1)
Significant 
observable 
inputs 
(Level 2)
Significant 
unobservable 
inputs 
(Level 3)
TOTAL
 
Quoted prices 
in active 
markets 
(Level 1)
Significant 
observable 
inputs 
(Level 2)
Significant 
unobservable 
inputs 
(Level 3)
TOTAL
As of 31 December 2020
Liabilities measured at fair value 
Derivative financial instruments, including: 
Interest rate swaps
24
–
9,504
–
9,504
–
9,504
–
9,504
Natural gas forwards
24
–
4,993
–
4,993
–
4,993
–
4,993
Currency exchange forwards 
24
–
7
–
7
–
7
–
7
 
Liabilities for which fair values are disclosed 
Issued debt securities (bonds)
23
–
101,256
–
101,256
–
101,256
–
101,256
Borrowings
23
–
641,943
–
641,943
–
632,136
–
632,136
Trade and other financial current payables
26
–
–
76,429
76,429
–
–
51,664
51,664
As of 31 December 2019
Liabilities measured at fair value 
Derivative financial instruments, including: 
Interest rate swaps
24
–
9,216
–
9,216
–
9,216
–
9,216
Electricity forwards and futures
24
–
3,916
–
3,916
–
3,916
–
3,916
 
Liabilities for which fair values are disclosed 
Issued debt securities (bonds)
23
–
136,956
–
136,956
–
136,956
–
136,956
Borrowings
23
–
745,715
–
745,715
–
735,943
–
735,943
Trade and other financial current payables
26
–
–
91,410
91,410
–
–
68,249
68,249
There have been no transfers for liabilities between Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 during the reporting period.
The fair value hierarchy for the Group’s and the Parent Company’s financial instruments that are measured 
at fair value, by using specific valuation methods, is disclosed above.
Set out below, is a comparison by class of the carrying amounts and fair value of the Group’s and the 
Parent Company’s financial instruments, other than those with carrying amounts which approximates their 
fair values:
EUR'000
Group
Parent Company
Carrying amount
Fair value
 
Carrying amount
Fair value
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
 
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
Financial assets
 
Fixed rate loans to related parties
 
86,620
–
89,409
–
611,096
642,967
641,936
673,987
Other financial investments
16,836
16,885
18,031
18,916
16,836
16,885
18,031
18,916
Financial liabilities
Interest–bearing liabilities, including:
Issued debt securities (bonds)
101,256
136,956
103,762
140,471
101,256
136,956
103,762
140,471
Management assessed that cash and short–term deposits, receivables, trade payables, bank overdrafts 
and other current liabilities approximate their carrying amounts largely due to the short–term maturities of 
these instruments.
53

--- Page 138 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
26. Trade and other payables
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
Financial liabilities:
Payables for materials and services
45,415
55,900
43,589
55,971
Payables for electricity and natural gas
16,688
24,803
748
6,193
Accrued expenses
12,085
9,106
6,132
4,702
Other financial current payables
2,241
1,601
1,195
1,383
TOTAL financial liabilities
76,429
91,410
51,664
68,249
 
Non–financial liabilities:
State social security contributions and other taxes
13,258
12,031
7,244
4,776
Advances received
8,515
8,403
3,771
3,641
Other current payables
2,710
3,864
1,025
1,715
TOTAL non–financial liabilities
24,483
24,298
12,040
10,132
TOTAL trade and other current payables
100,912
115,708
63,704
78,381
The carrying amounts of trade and other payables are assumed to approximate their fair values.
27. Provisions
Accounting policy
Provisions are recognised when the Group or the Parent Company have a present obligation as a result of past 
event; it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the 
obligation, and when a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. Provisions are not recognised 
for future operating losses.
Provisions are presented in the Statement of Financial Position at the best estimate of the expenditure required to 
settle the present obligation at the end of reporting period. Provisions are used only for expenditures for which the 
provisions were originally recognised and are reversed if an outflow of resources is no longer probable.
Provisions are measured at the present value of the expenditures expected to be required for settling the obligation 
by using pre–tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of the money and the risks specific 
to the obligation as a discount rate. The increase in provisions due to passage of time is recognised as interest 
expense.
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
Non-current:
 - post–employment benefits (recognised in profit or loss)
12,802
12,666
5,745
5,608
 - post–employment benefits (recognised in equity)
2,896
2,420
1,488
1,480
 - termination benefits
957
2,744
507
740
 - environmental provisions
662
661
662
661
 
17,317
18,491
8,402
8,489
Current:
 - termination benefits
1,846
1,631
250
517
19,163
20,122
8,652
9,006
a) Provisions for post–employment benefits
Accounting policy
The Group and the Parent Company provide certain post–employment benefits to employees whose employment 
conditions meet certain criteria. Obligations for benefits are calculated taking into account the current level of salary 
and number of employees eligible to receive the payment, historical termination rates as well as number of actuarial 
assumptions.
The defined benefit obligations are calculated annually by independent actuaries using the projected unit credit method.
The liability recognised in the Statement of Financial Position in respect of post–employment benefit plan is the present 
value of the defined benefit obligation at the end of the reporting period. The present value of the defined benefit 
obligation is determined by discounting the estimated future cash outflows using weighted average discount rate 
of EIOPA risk-free interest rate, interest rates of Latvian government bonds (maturity of 5 years) and EURBMK BBB 
electricity industry rate. The discount rate used is determined by reference to market yields on government bonds 
due to lack of deep market on high quality corporate bonds. The Group and the Parent Company use projected unit 
credit method to establish the present value of fixed benefit obligation and related present and previous employment 
expenses. According to this method it has been stated that each period of service gives rise to an additional unit 
of benefit entitlement and the sum of those units comprises total Group’s and the Parent Company’s obligations of 
post–employment benefits. The Group and the Parent Company use objective and mutually compatible actuarial 
assumptions on variable demographic factors and financial factors (including expected remuneration increase and 
determined changes in benefit amounts).
Actuarial gains or losses arising from experience adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions are charged 
or credited to the Statement of Comprehensive Income in the period in which they arise. Past service costs are 
recognised immediately in the Statement of Profit or Loss.
EUR’000
 
Notes
Group
Parent Company
2020
2019
2020
2019
At the beginning of the year
15,086
12,767
7,088
5,868
Current service cost
1,337
1,170
617
522
Interest cost
87
134
41
62
Post–employment benefits paid
(1,288)
(989)
(521)
(512)
Losses as a result of changes in actuarial assumptions
21 a
476
2,043
176
1,148
Transfer of Latvenergo AS employees to Sadales tīkls AS
–
–
(168)
–
Discontinued operation
30
–
(39)
–
–
At the end of the year
15,698
15,086
7,233
7,088
Total charged / (credited) provisions are included in the Statement of Profit or Loss position ‘Personnel 
expenses’ within state social insurance contributions and other benefits defined in the Collective 
agreement (Note 9):
EUR’000
 
Notes
Group
Parent Company
2020
2019
2020
2019
At the beginning of the year
15,086
12,767
7,088
5,868
Credited to the Statement of Comprehensive Income
21 a
476
2,043
176
1,148
Credited to the Statement of Profit or Loss
136
315
137
72
Transfer of Latvenergo AS employees to Sadales tīkls AS
–
–
(168)
–
Discontinued operation
30
–
(39)
–
–
At the end of the year
15,698
15,086
7,233
7,088
54

--- Page 139 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
Weighted average discount rate used for discounting benefit obligations was 0.58% (2019: 1.05%), considering EIOPA risk-free interest rate, interest rates of Latvian government bonds and EURBMK BBB 
electricity industry rate at the end of the reporting year. The Group’s Collective Agreement provides indexation of employees’ wages at least at the level of inflation. Long–term inflation determined at the level of 3.0% 
(2019: 3.0%) when calculating long–term post–employment benefits. In calculation of these liabilities also the probability, determined on the basis of previous experience, of retirement in different employees’ aging 
groups was also considered.
A quantitative sensitivity analysis for significant assumptions on provisions for post–employment benefits as of the end of the year is as shown below:
EUR’000
Assumptions
Date of 
valuation
Group
Parent Company
Discount rate
Future salary changes
Retirement probability changes
Discount rate
Future salary changes
Retirement probability changes
1% increase
1% decrease
1% increase
1% decrease
1% increase
1% decrease
1% increase
1% decrease
1% increase
1% decrease
1% increase
1% decrease
Impact on provisions for 
post–employment benefits
31/12/2020
1,173
(1,728)
2,031
(1,701)
2,250
(1,855)
499
(732)
864
(720)
956
(785)
31/12/2019
1,948
(1,596)
1,880
(1,577)
2,084
(1,722)
827
(675)
798
(667)
885
(728)
The sensitivity analysis above has been determined based on a method that extrapolates the impact on post-employment benefits obligation as a result of reasonable changes in key assumptions occurring at the end 
of the reporting period.
Contributions are monitored on an annual basis and the current agreed contribution rate is 5%. The next valuation is due to be completed as at 31 December 2021. Expected contributions to post-employment benefit 
plan for the year ending 31 December 2021 are EUR 4,3 million. The weighted average duration of the defined benefit obligation is 19.91 years (2019– 19.51 years).
EUR’000
Group
Parent Company
Less than 1 year
From 1 to 5 years
Over 5 years
TOTAL
Less than 1 year
From 1 to 5 years
Over 5 years
TOTAL
Defined benefit obligation
31/12/2020
2,059
2,281
11,358
15,698
1,508
1,054
4,671
7,233
31/12/2019
2,397
2,143
10,546
15,086
1,734
1,082
4,272
7,088
b) Termination benefits
Accounting policy
Termination benefits are measured in accordance with IAS 19 and are payable when employment is terminated 
by the Group Companies before the normal retirement date, or when an employee accepts voluntary redundancy 
in exchange for these benefits. The Group and the Parent Company recognise termination benefits at the earlier 
of the following dates: (a) when the Group entity can no longer withdraw the offer of those benefits; and (b) when 
the Group entity recognises costs for a restructuring that is within the scope of IAS 37 and involves the payment 
of terminations benefits. In the case of an offer made to encourage voluntary redundancy, the termination benefits 
are measured based on the number of employees expected to accept the offer. Benefits falling due more than 
12 months after the end of the reporting period are discounted to present value. Management judgements related 
to the measurement of provisions for termination benefits is disclosed in Note 4 d.
Termination benefits paid out are included in the Statement of Profit or Loss position ‘Personnel expenses’ 
within expenditure of employment termination (Note 9), while termination benefits and projected future 
liability values are recognised as a liability in the Statement of Financial Position and as accrued costs 
within expenditure of employment termination (Note 9):
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
2020
2019
2020
2019
At the beginning of the year
4,375
6,970
1,257
1,878
Termination benefits paid
(2,387)
(939)
(289)
(158)
Changes in provisions
815
(1,656)
(211)
(463)
At the end of the year
2,803
4,375
757
1,257
55

--- Page 140 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
According to defined development directions per Strategy of Latvenergo Group for the period 2017–2022, 
management of the Parent Company approved the Strategic Development and Efficiency Programme. 
Provisions for employees’ termination benefits are recognised on a basis of Strategic Development and 
Efficiency Programme of Latvenergo Group for the period in which it is planned to implement the efficiency 
program (including Latvenergo AS and Sadales tīkls AS efficiency activities), by which it is intended to 
reduce gradually the number of employees by the year 2022.
Assumptions used in calculation of termination benefits are as follows– average employee earnings at 
the time of termination - average earnings per year, with projected increase (salary indexation) in the year 
2021 by 0% (2020: 3,5%) and in the year 2022 by 3.0% for Latvenergo AS and in the year 2021 by 0% 
(2020: 2.3%) and in the year 2022 by 1.2% for Sadales tīkls AS, average employee length of service at the 
time of termination, the State Social Insurance Contributions rate is 23.59% in 2021 and 2022.
c) Environmental provisions
Accounting policy
Environmental protection provisions are recognised to cover environmental damages that have occurred before 
the end of the reporting period when this is required by law or when the Group’s or the Parent Company’s past 
environmental policies have demonstrated that the Group or the Parent Company have a constructive present 
obligation to liquidate this environmental damage. Experts’ opinions and prior experience in performing environmental 
work are used to set up the provisions.
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
2020
2019
2020
2019
At the beginning of the year
661
1,220
661
1,220
Charged to the Statement of Profit or Loss
1
(559)
1
(559)
At the end of the year
662
661
662
661
The environmental provision for the Group represents the estimated cost for Latvenergo AS of cleaning up 
CHPP–1 combined heat and power plant ash–fields in accordance with the requests made by the regional 
Environmental Authority of Riga and feasibility study on this project.
28. Deferred income
Accounting policy
Government grants are recognised where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be received and all 
attached conditions will be complied with. Government grants are recognised as income over the period necessary 
to match them with the related costs, for which they are intended to compensate, on a systematic basis. For grants 
received as part of a package of financial or fiscal aid to which a number of conditions are attached, those elements 
which have different costs and conditions are identified. Treatment of the different elements determine the periods 
over which the grant will be earned.
Grants related to expense items
When a grant relates to an expense item, and it has a number of conditions attached, it is initially recognised at fair 
value as deferred income. Grants are credited to income on a systematic basis over the periods that the related 
costs, for which it is intended to compensate, are expensed. Management judgements related to the measurement 
of government grants is disclosed in Note 4.
A government grant that becomes receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already incurred or for the 
purpose of giving immediate financial support to a company with no future related costs are recognised in profit or 
loss of the period in which it becomes receivable. Related income is recognised in the Statement of Profit or Loss 
as ‘Other income’ (Note 7).
Grants related to assets
Property, plant and equipment received at nil consideration are accounted for as grants. Those grants are recognised 
at fair value as deferred income and are credited to the Statement of Profit or Loss on a straight–line basis over the 
expected lives of the related assets.
Accounting policy on recognition of deferred income from connection fees to distribution and transmission system 
disclosed per Note 6.
The amount of provisions at the end of reporting year is estimated in accordance with the estimated 
future liability value as of 31 December 2020, using the fixed discount rate of 0.079% as adopted by 
the Latvenergo Group (31/12/2019: 0.651% ).The discount rate is comprised of a 2–year EUROSWAP 
rate of -0.526% and a corporate risk premium of 0.605 % (determined on the basis of interest rate on 
Latvenergo AS issued bonds yield spreads above the market rate) (31/12/2019: 3–year EUROSWAP 
rate– 0.243%, corporate risk premium– 0.894%).
A quantitative sensitivity analysis for significant assumptions used for calculation of termination benefits as 
of the end of the year is as shown below:
EUR’000
Assumptions
Date of 
valuation
Group
Parent Company
Discount rate
Future salary changes
Average employee length of 
service
Discount rate
Future salary changes
Average employee length of 
service
1% increase
1% decrease
1% increase
1% decrease
1% increase
1% decrease
1% increase
1% decrease
1% increase
1% decrease
1% increase
1% decrease
Impact on provisions for 
termination benefits
31/12/2020
(37)
38
50
(51)
16
(16)
 
(12)
13
27
(27)
4
(4)
31/12/2019
(89)
92
68
(67)
7
(102)
(24)
25
37 
(36)
7 
(7)
56

--- Page 141 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
I) Non-current deferred income
 
a) contracts with customers
 
 
 
 
 
From connection fees
138,750
142,453
–
–
Other deferred income
863
877
863
877
 
139,613
143,330
863
877
b) operating lease
Other deferred income
366
383
366
383
366
383
366
383
c) other
On grant for the installed electrical capacity of CHPPs
161,440
185,429
161,440
185,429
On financing from European Union funds
8,459
7,889
1,601
256
Other deferred income
148
332
73
229
170,047
193,650
163,114
185,914
TOTAL non-current deferred income
310,026
337,363
164,343
187,174
II) Current deferred income
a) contracts with customers
From connection fees
 14,167
 13,629
–
–
Other deferred income
 924
 135
813
63
 
15,091
13,764
 813
63
b) operating lease
Other deferred income
 20
20
 20
20
 
 20
 20
 20
 20
c) other
On grant for the installed electrical capacity of CHPPs
 23,990
23,990
23,990
23,990
On financing from European Union funds
 782
787
7
12
Other deferred income
 7
60
4
9
 
 24,779
 24,837
24,001
24,011
TOTAL current deferred income
39,890
38,621
24,834
24,094
TOTAL deferred income
349,916
375,984
189,177
211,268
The Group and the Parent Company ensure the management, application of internal controls and 
accounting for the Group’s and the Parent Company’s projects financed by the European Union funds, 
according to the guidelines of the European Union and legislation of the Republic of Latvia.
Accounting of the transactions related to the projects financed by the European Union is ensured using 
separately identifiable accounts. The Group and the Parent Company ensure separate accounting of 
financed projects with detailed income and expense, non-current investments and value added tax in the 
relevant positions of the Statement of Profit or Loss and Statement of Financial Position.
Movement in deferred income (non-current and current part)
EUR’000
 
Notes
Group
Parent Company
2020
2019
2020
2019
At the beginning of the year
375,984
486,722
211,268
234,127
Received deferred non–current income (financing)
1,441
46,337
 1,441
 259
Received advance payments for contracts with customers
6
808
940
 808
 940
Received connection fees for connection to distribution 
system
6
10,749
12,902
–
–
Received connection fees for connection to transmission 
system
–
1,795
–
–
Compensation for the installed electrical capacity of CHPPs 
credited to the Statement of Profit or Loss
(23,990)
(23,990)
(23,990)
(23,990)
Transferred to deferred income of discontinued operation
30
–
(132,507)
–
–
Credited to the Statement of Profit or Loss
(15,076)
(16,215)
(350)
(68)
At the end of the year
349,916
375,984
189,177
211,268
57

--- Page 142 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
29. Related party transactions
Accounting policy
The parties are considered related when one party has a possibility to control the other one or has significant 
influence over the other party in making financial and operating decisions. Related parties of the Group and the 
Parent Company are Shareholder of the Company who controls the Company in accepting operating business 
decisions, members of Latvenergo Group entities’ management boards, members of the Supervisory board of the 
Company, members of Supervisory body of the Company– the Audit Committee and close family members of any 
above–mentioned persons, as well as entities over which those persons have control or significant influence.
Trading transactions taking place under normal business activities with the Latvian government including 
its departments and agencies and transactions between state–controlled entities and providers of public 
utilities are excluded from the scope of related party quantitative disclosures. The Group and the Parent 
Company enter into transactions with many of these bodies on an arm’s length basis. Transactions with 
government related entities include sales of energy and related services and does not contain individually 
significant transactions and quantitative disclosure of transactions with those related parties is impossible 
due to broad range of the Latvenergo Group’s and the Parent Company’s customers, except for 
transactions with transmission system operator – Augstsprieguma tīkls AS and Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS 
since 10 June 2020.
a) Sales/purchases of goods, PPE and services to/from related parties
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
2020
2019
2020
2019
Other 
related 
parties*
Other 
related 
parties*
Subsidiaries
Other 
related 
parties*
Subsidiaries
Other 
related 
parties*
Sales of goods, PPE and services, 
finance income:
 
 
 - Sales of goods and services
9,046
11,472
54,090
8,484
52,347
10,560
 - Sales of property, plant and 
equipment
–
–
1,621
–
1,003
–
 - Lease of assets
16,293
36,339
2,376
662
8,802
223
 - Interest income
1,169
–
10,651
1,169
11,810
–
TOTAL
26,508
47,811
68,738
10,315
73,962
10,783
Purchases of goods, PPE, and 
services:
 - Purchases of goods and services
79,833
77,403
268,058
6,600
304,079
6,187
 - Purchases of property, plant and 
equipment and construction services
29,517
87,395
13
392
2,272
–
 - Lease of assets
689
63
182
200
302
54
TOTAL
110,039
164,861
268,253
7,192
306,653
6,241
including gross expenses from 
transactions with subsidiaries 
recognised in net amount through 
profit or loss:
 - Sadales tīkls AS
–
–
265,853
–
283,032
–
–
–
265,853
–
283,032
–
* Transmission system operator– Augstsprieguma tīkls AS and other entities controlled by the management members of Latvenergo Group
EUR’000
 
Notes
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
b) Balances at the end of the year arising from sales/
purchases of goods, PPE and services:
Receivables from related parties:
 - subsidiaries
18 a, b
–
–
25,704
15,277
 - government related and other related parties*
2,387
39,924
1,653
1,213
 - loss allowances for expected credit loss from receivables 
of subsidiaries
18 a, b
–
–
(19)
(11)
 - loss allowances for expected credit loss from receivables 
of government related and other related parties*
(5)
(54)
(3)
(2)
 
2,382
39,870
27,335
16,477
Payables to related parties:
 - subsidiaries
–
–
24,956
26,182
 - government related and other related parties*
8,324
10,753
1,805
722
 
8,324
10,753
26,761
26,904
c) Accrued income raised from transactions with 
related parties:
 - for goods sold/services provided for subsidiaries
18 a, b
–
–
1,115
1,842
 - for interest received from subsidiaries
18 a, b
–
–
1,346
1,622
 
–
–
2,461
3,464
d) Accrued expenses raised from transactions with 
related parties:
 - for purchased goods/received services from subsidiaries
–
–
2,646
1,335
 - for purchased goods/received services from government 
related entities*
–
1,460
– 
–
–
1,460
2,646
1,335
* Related parties included transmission system operator– Augstsprieguma tīkls AS, Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS (since 10 June 2020) and Pirmais Slēgtais 
Pensiju Fonds AS
The Group and the Parent Company have not incurred write–offs of trade payables and receivables from 
transactions with related parties, as all debts are recoverable.
Receivables and payables with related parties are current balances for services and goods. None of the 
amounts at the end of the reporting year are secured.
Remuneration to the Latvenergo Group’s management includes remuneration to the members of 
the Management Boards the Group entities, the Supervisory Board and the Supervisory body (Audit 
Committee) of the Parent Company. Remuneration to the Parent Company’s management includes 
remuneration to the members of the Parent Company’s Management Board, the Supervisory Board and 
the Supervisory body (Audit Committee). Information disclosed in Note 9.
Dividend payments to Shareholder of the Parent Company and share capital contributions are disclosed 
in Note 20 and Note 21 b, respectively.
Dividends received from subsidiaries are disclosed in Note 16.
58

--- Page 143 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
e) Loans to related parties
Non-current and current loans to related parties
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
Non–current loans to subsidiaries
Sadales tīkls AS
– 
– 
477,507
427,351
Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS
– 
– 
–
161,460
Allowances for expected credit loss
– 
– 
(344)
(377)
Non-current loans to other related parties
Augstsprieguma tīkls AS
86,672
– 
86,672
–
Allowances for expected credit loss
(52)
– 
(52)
–
TOTAL non–current loans
86,620
– 
563,783
588,434
Current portion of non–current loans
Sadales tīkls AS
– 
– 
76,648
75,377
Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS
– 
– 
–
27,259
Allowances for expected credit loss
– 
– 
(55)
(66)
Current loans to subsidiaries
Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS
– 
– 
–
7,228
Sadales tīkls AS
– 
– 
10,000
15,182
Elektrum Eesti OÜ
– 
– 
7,937
7,052
Elektrum Lietuva, UAB
– 
– 
10,209
3,967
Enerģijas publiskais tirgotājs AS
– 
– 
73,781
69,889
Allowances for expected credit loss
– 
– 
(74)
(66)
TOTAL current loans 
– 
– 
178,446
205,822
TOTAL loans to related parties
86,620
– 
742,229
794,256
Counterparty model is used on individual contract basis for assessment of expected credit risk for non-
current and current loans to subsidiaries. The expected credit losses according to this model are based 
and impairment for expected credit loss is recognised on assessment of the individual counterparty’s risk 
of default and recovery rate assigned by Moody’s credit rating agency for 12 months expected losses 
(Note 4 b). Credit risk of subsidiaries is assessed at the same level as Latvenergo AS credit risk considering 
that they are 100% controlled by Latvenergo AS – ‘Baa2 level’ credit rating. Since the initial recognition of 
loans, credit risk has not increased significantly that matches Stage 1.
All current loans to related parties as of 31 December 2020 will be settled in 2021.
Movement in loans issued to related parties
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
2020
2019
2020
2019
At the beginning of the year
– 
– 
794,256
765,815
Change in current loans in cash (net)
– 
– 
286,688
272,103
Change in current loans by non-cash offsetting of operating 
receivables and payables (net)
– 
– 
(364,096)
(219,388)
Issued non–current loans
225,232
– 
225,232
–
Repayment of loan in cash
(138,560)
– 
(138,560)
–
Issued non–current loans by non-cash offset
– 
– 
20,000
33,743
Repaid non–current loans by non-cash offset
– 
– 
(81,275)
(58,029)
Impairment for expected credit loss
(52)
– 
(16)
12
At the end of the year
86,620
– 
742,229
794,256
incl. loan movement through bank account
Issued loans to subsidiaries
– 
– 
573,957
707,032
Repaid loans issued to subsidiaries
–
–
(287,269)
(434,929)
Repaid loans issued to other related parties
(138,560)
–
(138,560)
–
Issued loans, net
(138,560) 
– 
148,128
272,103
Interest received from related parties
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
2020
2019
2020
2019
Interest received
926
–
11,578
11,810
926
–
11,578 
11,810 
I) Non–current loans, including current portion
Concluded non–current loan agreements with Sadales tīkls AS
EUR’000
 
Agreement 
conclusion date
Principal amount 
of the loan
Outstanding loan amount
Interest rate
Maturity date
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
29 September 2011
316,271
29,300
38,316
6 months EURIBOR 
+ fixed rate
1 September 2025
6 February 2013
42,686
6,403
10,672
fixed rate
10 September 2022
18 September 2013
42,686
12,806
17,074
fixed rate
10 August 2023
29 October 2014
90,000
40,000
50,000
fixed rate
10 September 2024
20 October 2015
90,000
50,000
60,000
fixed rate
21 October 2025
22 August 2016
60,000
40,000
46,667
fixed rate
22 August 2026
22 August 2016
50,000
35,000
40,000
fixed rate
14 June 2027
14 December 2018
260,000
231,938
240,000
fixed rate
31 January 2030
3 March 2020
200,000
108,708
–
fixed rate
25 March 2030
TOTAL
1,151,643
554,155
502,729
59

--- Page 144 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
As of 31 December 2020, total outstanding amount of non–current loans with Sadales tīkls AS amounted 
to EUR 554,155 thousand (31/12/2019: EUR 502,729 thousand), including current portion of the loan 
repayable in 2021 – EUR 76,648 thousand (31/12/2019: EUR 75,377 thousand). As of 31 December 2020, 
5% of loans issued to Sadales tīkls AS (31/12/2019: 8%) was bearing floating interest rate, which was 
influenced by 6 months EURIBOR interbank rate fluctuations. During 2020 the effective average interest 
rate of non–current loans was 1.53% (2019: 1.65%). As of 31 December 2020, impairment for expected 
credit loss of non–current loans to Sadales tīkls AS in the amount of EUR 399 thousand EUR (31/12/2019: 
EUR 322 thousand) was recognised. Non–current loans are not secured with a pledge or otherwise.
Non–current loans to Sadales tīkls AS by maturity
EUR’000
Parent Company
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
Non–current loan:
 - < 1 year (current portion)
76,648
75,377
 - 1 – 5 years
311,665
278,198
 - > 5 years
165,842
149,154
554,155
502,729
Concluded non–current loan agreements with Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS 
and Augstsprieguma tīkls AS
EUR’000
 
Agreement 
conclusion date
Principal 
amount of 
the loan
Outstanding loan amount
Interest 
rate
Maturity date
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
a) Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS
1 April 2011
97,467
– 
10,164
6 months 
EURIBOR + 
fixed rate
1 April 2025
3 September 2013
44,109
– 
22,054
fixed rate
10 September 2023
10 June 2016
156,500
– 
156,500
fixed rate
10 June 2028
298,076
– 
188,718
 
 
b) Augstsprieguma tīkls AS
8 May 2020
225,232
86,672
–
fixed rate
15 March 2023
As of 31 December 2020, total outstanding amount of non–current loans to Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS 
amounted to nil (31/12/2019: EUR 188,718 thousand), including current portion of the loan repayable 
in 2021 – nil (31/12/2019: EUR 27,259 thousand). As of 31 December 2020 none (31/12/2019: 5%) 
of the loans issued to Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS was set floating interest rate, which was influenced 
by 6 months EURIBOR interbank rate fluctuations. During 2020 the effective average interest rate of 
non–current loans was 0.67% (2019: 1.72%).
Along with the distribution of transmission system assets and unbundling of Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS 
on 10 June 2020, all Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS liabilities were transferred to Augstsprieguma tīkls AS, 
including the Latvenergo AS loan to Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS in amount of EUR 225,232 thousand, of 
which EUR 138,560 thousand were repaid on 19 June 2020.
Non–current loans to Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS and Augstsprieguma tīkls AS by 
maturity
EUR’000
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
31/12/2020
31/12/2019
Non–current loan:
 - < 1 year (current portion)
–
–
–
27,259
 - 1 – 5 years
86,672 
–
86,672 
101,039
 - > 5 years
– 
–
– 
60,420
86,672 
–
86,672 
188,718
II) Current loans
To ensure efficiency and centralised management of Latvenergo Group companies’ financial resources 
and using the functionality of Group accounts and possibility for non-cash offsetting of mutual invoices 
between the parties, current loans are provided. In the reporting period Latvenergo AS issued loans 
to subsidiaries in accordance with mutually concluded agreement ‘On provision of mutual financial 
resources’, allowing the subsidiaries to borrow and to repay the loan according to daily operating needs 
and including non-cash offsetting of operating receivables and payables. In 2020 the effective average 
interest rate was 0.53% (2019: 0.48%).
On 31 March 2019 an agreement was concluded between Latvenergo AS and Enerģijas publiskais 
tirgotājs AS for issue of the current loan in amount of EUR 110,000 thousand to ensure Enerģijas publiskais 
tirgotājs AS financial resources for the fulfilment of public supplier duties and mandatory procurement 
process administration. Maturity date of the loan was 31 March 2020 with the possibility to extend the 
contract for one year if the condition is met that neither of parties propose a termination of the agreement 
one month before the expiration of the agreement. An agreement concluded on 29 March 2018 with 
amount of EUR 150,000 thousand and maturity date - 31 March 2019 is repaid. Loan annual interest rate 
is fixed at 1.115% (2019: 1.115%). As of 31 December 2020, net outstanding amount of current loan is 
EUR 73,709 thousand (31/12/2019: EUR 67,971 thousand).
As of 31 December 2020 impairment for expected credit loss of current loans to related parties is 
recognised in the amount of EUR 73 thousand (31/12/2019: EUR 66 thousand).
f) Interest paid to related parties
Financial transactions between related parties have been carried out by using current loans with a target 
to effectively and centrally manage Latvenergo Group companies’ financial resources, using Group 
accounts. In the reporting period Latvenergo AS has received borrowings from subsidiaries in accordance 
with mutually concluded agreement ‘On provision of mutual financial resources’. In 2020 the effective 
average interest rate was 0.53% (2019: 0.48%). At the end of the reporting year Latvenergo AS has no 
borrowings from related parties (31/12/2019: nil).
EUR’000
Group
Parent Company
2020
2019
2020
2019
Interest received
–
–
11
38
–
–
11 
38 
60

--- Page 145 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
30. Discontinued operation
Accounting policy
A discontinued operation is a component of the entity that has been disposed of or is classified as held for sale 
or distribution and that represents a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations, is part of 
a single co-ordinated plan to dispose of such a line of business or area of operations, or is a subsidiary acquired 
exclusively with a view to resale.
The Group classifies assets and liabilities held for distribution if the discontinued operation is available for immediate 
distribution in its present condition and distribution is highly probable, as well is measured at the lower of their 
carrying amount and fair value less costs to distribute.
Assets and liabilities classified as held for distribution are presented separately from the other assets and other 
liabilities in the Statement of Financial Position.
On 8 October 2019, the Cabinet of Ministers of the Republic of Latvia supported the implementation 
of the “full ownership unbundling” model for the electricity transmission system operator by its Protocol 
Decision No. 46 §38. On 10 June 2020, the Parent Company terminated its ownership in subsidiary 
Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS and transmission system assets in the amount of EUR 694.3 million were 
separated from the Latvenergo Group, transferring all the shares of Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS in the fair 
value of EUR 222.7 million to the Ministry of Economics.
In the 2019 and 2020 Financial Statements the subsidiary Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS was classified as a 
discontinued operation in accordance with IFRS 5, “Non–current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued 
Operations”. In the Statement of Financial Position the Group disclosed assets, reserves and liabilities held 
for distribution as of 31 December 2019 and in the Statement of Profit or Loss – profit from discontinued 
operation for 2020 and for 2019. In the Group’s operating segments results financial results of Latvijas 
elektriskie tīkli AS are disclosed in transmission system assets lease segment because until the termination 
of its ownership on 10 June 2020 the Management Board of the Parent Company continued to review 
financial results of this operating segment.
Financial information of discontinued operation disclosed in tables below includes financial results of 
transmission system assets lease business, amounts of net assets, reserves in equity, liabilities and cash 
flows results.
Statement of Profit or Loss
EUR’000
 
Group
2020
2019
Revenue
15,967
36,643
Other income
1,104
1,664
Raw materials and consumables used
(1)
(21)
Personnel expenses
(271)
(450)
Other operating expenses
(245)
(395)
EBITDA
16,554
37,441
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment of intangible assets, property, plant and equipment and 
right-of-use assets
(11,602)
(24,756)
Operating profit
4,952
12,685
Finance costs
(7)
(17)
Profit before tax
4,945
12,668
Income tax
(102)
(2,436)
Profit from distribution of discontinued operations
5,001
–
Profit for the year from discontinued operation
9,844
10,232
The major classes of assets, reserves and liabilities classified as held for distribution
EUR’000
 
Notes
Group
2020
2019
Assets
Property, plant and equipment
14 a
–
601,175
Right–of–use assets
15
–
1,099
Inventories
–
184
Receivables
–
37,635
Cash and cash equivalents
19
–
300
Assets held for distribution
–
640,393
Liabilities
Provisions
27
–
(39)
Lease liabilities
15
–
(1,107)
Deferred tax liability
–
(2,435)
Deferred income
28
–
(132,507)
Trade and other payables
–
(43,488)
Liabilities directly associated with assets held for distribution
–
(179,576)
Net assets directly associated with disposal group
–
460,817
Amounts included in accumulated other comprehensive income:
Non–current assets revaluation reserve
21
–
28,916
Post–employment benefit plan revaluation reserve
21
–
20
Reserves of disposal group classified as held for distribution
–
28,936
Net cash flows from discontinued operation
EUR’000
 
Group
2020
2019
Net cash flows from operating activities
27,449
85,853
Net cash flows used in investing activities
(27,573)
(85,825)
Net cash flows used in financing activities
(15)
(28)
Net changes in cash and cash equivalents
(139)
–
61

--- Page 146 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
31. Commitments and contingent liabilities
As of 31 December 2020, the Group had commitments amounting to EUR 66.6 million (31/12/2019: 
EUR 156.3 million) and the Parent Company had commitments amounting to EUR 28.9 million (31/12/2019: 
EUR 52.3 million) for capital expenditure contracted but not delivered at the end of the reporting period.
Latvenergo AS has issued support letters to its subsidiaries– on 15 February 2021 to Enerģijas publiskais 
tirgotājs AS, on 17 February 2021 to Sadales tīkls AS and on 25 February 2021 to Elektrum Lietuva, UAB 
acknowledging that its position as the shareholder is to ensure that subsidiaries are managed so that they 
have sufficient financial resources and are able to carry their operations and settle their obligations.
32. Events after the reporting year
Accounting policy
Events after the reporting period that provide significant additional information about the Group’s and the Parent 
Company’s position at the balance sheet date (adjusting events) are reflected in the financial statements. Events 
after the reporting period that are not adjusting events are disclosed in the notes when material.
On 11 February 2021 international credit rating agency Moody’s affirmed credit rating for Latvenergo AS 
at the Baa2 level with a stable future outlook.
On 10 March 2021 the Management Board of the Sadales tīkls AS decided to recognise the revaluation 
of Sadales tīkls AS electricity lines for financial reporting purposes as of 1 January 2021 and the result of 
the revaluation was recognised in the financial statements of 2020 as an adjusting event.
On 29 March 2021 a loan agreement was concluded between Latvenergo AS and Enerģijas publiskais 
tirgotājs AS in the amount till EUR 120 million with the maturity 31 March 2022.
On 17 December 2020, the Shareholders’ meeting of Enerģijas publiskais tirgotājs AS accepted decision 
on the reorganisation of the company through transforming it into a limited liability company Enerģijas 
publiskais tirgotājs SIA. On 31 March 2021 the reorganisation process was completed and Enerģijas 
publiskais tirgotājs AS was transformed into Enerģijas publiskais tirgotājs SIA by taking over of all rights 
and liabilities of Enerģijas publiskais tirgotājs AS and continuing to perform them in full.
There have been no other significant events after the end of the reporting year that might have a material 
effect on the Latvenergo Consolidated and Latvenergo AS Annual Financial Statements for the year 
ending 31 December 2020.
This document is signed with a secure digital signature and contains a time stamp
The Management Board of Latvenergo AS:
Guntars Baļčūns	
Kaspars Cikmačs	
Arnis Kurgs	
Uldis Mucinieks
Chairman of the Management Board	
Member of the Management Board	
Member of the Management Board	
Member of the Management Board
Liāna Ķeldere
Accounting director of Latvenergo AS
13 April 2021
62

--- Page 147 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
To the shareholder of Latvenergo AS
Report on the audit of the separate and consolidated financial statements
Our opinion
In our opinion, the separate and consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the separate and consolidated financial position of Latvenergo AS (the Company) and its subsidiaries (together the 
Group) as at 31 December 2020, and of the Company’s and Group’s separate and consolidated financial performance and the Company’s and Group’s separate and consolidated cash flows for the year then 
ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union.
Our opinion is consistent with our additional report to the Audit Committee dated 31 March 2021.
What we have audited
The financial statements presented on pages 12 to 62 which consist of the separate financial statements of the Company and the consolidated financial statements of the Group (together “the financial 
statements”) comprise:
 
y the separate and consolidated statement of profit or loss for the year ended 31 December 2020;
 
y the separate and consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year ended 31 December 2020;
 
y the separate and consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2020;
 
y the separate and consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;
 
y the separate and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and
 
y the notes to the financial statements, which include significant accounting policies and other explanatory information.
Independent Auditor’s Report
63

--- Page 148 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing adopted in the Republic of Latvia (ISAs). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s 
responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section of our report.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
Independence
We are independent of the Company and the Group in accordance with the International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) issued by the International 
Ethics Standards Board for Accountants (IESBA Code) and the ethical requirements of the Law on Audit Services that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in the Republic of Latvia. We have fulfilled 
our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the IESBA Code and the ethical requirements of the Law on Audit Services.
To the best of our knowledge and belief, we declare that non-audit services that we have provided to the Company and the Group are in accordance with the applicable law and regulations in the Republic of 
Latvia and that we have not provided non-audit services that are prohibited under Article 37.6 of Law on Audit Services of the Republic of Latvia.
The non-audit services that we have provided to the Company and the Group, in the period from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020, are disclosed in Note 10 to the financial statements.
Our audit approach
Overview
Materiality
 
y Overall Company and Group materiality: EUR 5,600 thousand.
Audit scope
 
y Full scope audit was conducted for all seven Group entities, five of them are in Latvia (including the Company), one in Estonia and one in Lithuania.
 
y The Group audit team performed the work on all five Latvian entities.
 
y Estonian and Lithuanian subsidiaries were audited by component audit teams located in the respective countries.
Key audit matters
 
y Revaluation of property, plant and equipment (Group)
 
y Discontinued operations/ distribution of Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS (LET) from the Group
As part of designing our audit, we determined materiality and assessed the risks of material misstatement in the financial statements. In particular, we considered where management made subjective judgements; 
for example, in respect of significant accounting estimates that involved making assumptions and considering future events that are inherently uncertain. As in all of our audits, we also addressed the risk of 
management override of internal controls, including among other matters, consideration of whether there was evidence of bias that represented a risk of material misstatement due to fraud.
Materiality
Group 
scoping
Key audit 
matters
64

--- Page 149 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
Materiality
The scope of our audit was influenced by our application of materiality. An audit is designed to obtain reasonable assurance whether the financial statements are free from material misstatement. Misstatements 
may arise due to fraud or error. They are considered material if individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial 
statements.
Based on our professional judgement, we determined certain quantitative thresholds for materiality, including the overall Company and Group materiality separately for the separate and consolidated financial 
statements as a whole as set out in the table below. These, together with qualitative considerations, helped us to determine the scope of our audit and the nature, timing and extent of our audit procedures and 
to evaluate the effect of misstatements, both individually and in aggregate on the financial statements as a whole.
Overall Company and Group materiality
Overall materiality applied to the Company and the Group was EUR 5,600 thousand.
How we determined it
5% of profit before tax from continuing operations for 2020.
Rationale for the materiality benchmark applied
We chose profit before tax as the base benchmark because, in our view, it is the benchmark against which the performance of the Company and the 
Group is most commonly measured by users of the financial statements, and it is a generally accepted benchmark. We chose 5%, which is within the 
range of acceptable quantitative materiality thresholds.
We agreed with the Audit Committee that we would report to them misstatements identified during our audit above EUR 560 thousand, both with respect to the Company and the Group, as well as the 
misstatements below that amount which, in our view, warranted reporting for qualitative reasons.
Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of 
our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
65

--- Page 150 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
Key audit matters	
How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Revaluation of property, plant and equipment
Refer to Note 14c “Property, plant and equipment revaluation”; pages 37 to 39 of the annual report.
The Group measures property, plant and equipment (PPE) at cost or revalued amount, less accumulated 
depreciation and accumulated impairment loss, if any. Revaluations are made with sufficient regularity 
to ensure that the carrying amount of PPE subject to valuation does not differ materially from fair value 
at the end of the reporting period.
In 2020 the Group revalued distribution system electrical equipment and electricity lines as reflected in 
the Note 14. The Group’s management engaged an independent external valuation expert to perform 
the valuation. A depreciated replacement cost method was used.
The key assumptions used to determine the depreciated replacement cost relate to cost of materials, 
cost of labour at the time of revaluation and the estimated useful life of assets being valued. The key 
assumptions were based on the data of the Central Statistical Bureau, the data from the Group’s similar 
recent purchases, the data from specialized databases of construction experts and the approved 
Group’s assets reconstruction plan.
As a result of revaluation, in 2020 the net amount of distribution system electrical equipment and 
electricity lines was increased by EUR 104,924 thousand from which gain of EUR 96,264 thousand 
was recognized in other comprehensive income, and net gain on reversal of previously recognised 
impairment loss of EUR 8,660 thousand was recognised in the statement of profit or loss.
Revaluation of property, plant and equipment requires significant time and resources to audit due to its 
magnitude and involved judgement, therefore we have determined it as a key audit matter.
We assessed whether the Group’s accounting policies in relation to measurement of PPE carried at 
revalued amounts are in compliance with IAS 16 Property, plant and equipment.
We involved PwC valuation experts. We evaluated the independence, professional qualifications and 
experience of the external valuation experts used by the Group, and evaluated the adequacy of the 
valuation methods used.
We evaluated the reasonableness of valuation model used and inputs into the valuation model used - 
cost of materials, cost of labour, estimated residual useful lives of assets being valued.
We performed our own search on year to year changes in material and labour costs for the period 
from 2016 (the year of the latest previous revaluation) to 2020 using available public sources. We then 
compared the data obtained from public sources to that used in the valuation. We also performed an 
analysis of the Group’s internal data used in the valuation.
We have tested mathematical accuracy of the revaluation results and we have tested the journal 
entries resulting from the revaluation results into the accounting system.
Finally, we have assessed the revaluation related disclosures.
Discontinued operations/ distribution of LET from the Group
Refer to Note 30 “Discontinued operations”; page 61 of the annual report.
On 10 June 2020, the Company transferred the ownership interest in its subsidiary Latvijas elektriskie 
tīkli AS (LET) to the Ministry of Economics. The transaction was a non-cash distribution to the 
Company’s owners, transferring all the shares of LET, stated in the separate financial statements 
at EUR 186,432 thousand, to the Ministry of Economics. As a result of the transaction transmission 
system total assets of EUR 694,290 thousand were disposed of by the Latvenergo Group.
We focused on this area because classification, measurement and presentation of discontinued 
operations and the profit from discontinued operations in the Group’s consolidated financial statements 
and profit from distribution of financial investment in LET in the Company’s financial statements have 
material impact on the Group’s and the Company’s financial statements as at 31 December 2020 and 
for the year then ended.
We assessed whether the Group’s and the Company’s accounting policies in relation to the discontinued 
operations are in compliance with IFRS 5.
We have reconciled the discontinued operations revenue and expenses to LET audited financial 
information for the period from 1 January 2020 to 10 June 2020 and examined the calculation of the 
profit from discontinued operations in the Group’s financial statements as at 31 December 2020 and 
for the year then ended and the calculation of profit from distribution of financial investment in LET in 
the Company’s financial statements as at 31 December 2020 and for the year then ended. We have 
also assessed the reasonableness of management’s approach to allocation of intragroup transactions 
and balances between continuing and discontinued operations.
Finally, we have assessed the disclosures related to discontinued operations.
66

--- Page 151 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
How we tailored our Group audit scope
We tailored the scope of our audit in order to perform sufficient work to enable us to provide an opinion on the consolidated financial statements as a whole, taking into account the structure of the Group, the 
accounting processes and controls, and the industry in which the Group operates.
Full scope statutory audit was performed for the Company and all its subsidiaries by us or by other PwC network firms. Where work was performed by component auditors, we determined the level of involvement we needed 
to have to be able to conclude whether sufficient appropriate audit evidence had been obtained as a basis for our opinion on the consolidated financial statements as a whole. We also audited the consolidation process.
Reporting on other information including the Management Report
Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises
 
y Latvenergo Group Key Figures, Latvenergo AS Key Figures and Management Report as set out on pages 3 to 11 of the accompanying Annual Report,
 
y Non-financial Report included in the Management Report as set out on page 9 of the accompanying Annual Report, and
 
y the Corporate Governance Report, set out in separate statement prepared by the Company’s management and available on the Company’s website http://www.latvenergo.lv section Investors as at the date 
of this audit report,
but does not include the financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.
Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information identified above.
In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with 
the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
With respect to the Management Report, we also performed the procedures required by Law on Audit Services. Those procedures include considering whether the Management Report is prepared in accordance 
with the requirements of the applicable legislation.
In addition, in accordance with the Law on Audit Services of the Republic of Latvia with respect to the Corporate Governance Report, our responsibility is to consider whether the Corporate Governance Report 
includes the information required by section (3) of Article 56.2 of the Financial Instruments Market Law.
Based on the work undertaken in the course of our audit, in our opinion, in all material respects:
 
y the information given in the other information identified above for the financial year for which the financial statements are prepared is consistent with the financial statements;
 
y the Management Report has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Law on Annual Reports and Consolidated Annual Reports of the Republic of Latvia; and
 
y the Statement of Corporate Governance, available on the Company’s website http://www.latvenergo.lv as at the date of this audit report, includes the information required by section (3) of Article 56.2 of the 
Financial Instruments Market Law.
In addition, in light of the knowledge and understanding of the Company and the Group and their environment obtained in the course of the audit, we are required to report if we have identified material 
misstatements in the Management Report and the other information listed above that we obtained prior to the date of this auditor’s report. We have nothing to report in this respect.
Furthermore, in accordance with the Law on Audit Services of the Republic of Latvia with respect to the Non-financial Report, our responsibility is to report whether the Company and the Group has prepared 
Non-financial Report and whether the Non-financial Report is included in the Management Report or prepared as a separate element of the Annual Report.
We hereby report that the Company and the Group has prepared a Non-financial Report, and it is included in the Management Report.
Responsibilities of management and those charged with governance for the financial statements
Management is responsible for the preparation of the financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union and for 
such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Company’s and the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern 
and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Company or the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Company’s and the Group’s financial reporting process.
67

--- Page 152 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditor’s 
Report
Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes 
our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can 
arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:
 
y Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence 
that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve 
collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
 
y Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the 
effectiveness of the Company’s and the Group’s internal control.
 
y Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management.
 
y Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or 
conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s and the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our 
auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of 
our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company or the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
 
y Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a 
manner that achieves fair presentation.
 
y Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are 
responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the Group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal 
control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other 
matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore the 
key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter 
should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
Report on other legal and regulatory requirements
Appointment
We were reappointed as auditors of the Company and the Group for the year ended 31 December 2020 by resolution of general meeting of shareholders dated 8 May 2020. This is our third year of uninterrupted 
appointment.
PricewaterhouseCoopers SIA 
Certified audit company 
Licence No. 5
Independent Practitioner’s Assurance Report is signed electronically with a secure electronic signature and contains a time stamp.
Ilandra Lejiņa
Certified auditor in charge
Certificate No.168
Member of the Board
Riga, Latvia
13 April 2021
68

--- Page 153 ---
Latvenergo Group Consolidated 
and Latvenergo AS Annual Report
2 0 2 1

--- Page 154 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
Latvenergo Group Consolidated and Latvenergo AS Annual Report
Financial statements are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (IFRS)
This is pdf format of the annual report further converted to the ESEF report to be considered as the official annual report prepared in accordance with the respective requirements
Contents
3	
Key Figures
5	
Management Report
12	 Financial Statements
12	
Statement of Profit or Loss
12	
Statement of Comprehensive Income
13	
Statement of Financial Position
14	
Statement of Changes in Equity
15	
Statement of Cash Flows
16	
Notes to the Financial Statements
65	 Independent Auditors’ Report
Notes to the Financial Statements
16	
No.	 1. Corporate information
16	
No.	 2. Summary of significant accounting policies
21	
No.	 3. Financial risk management
24	
No.	 4. Critical accounting estimates and judgements
28	
No.	 5. Operating segment information
31	
No.	 6. Revenue
34	
No.	 7. Other income
34	
No.	 8. Raw materials and consumables
34	
No.	 9. Personnel expenses
35	
No.	 10. Other operating expenses
35	
No.	 11. Finance income and costs
35	
No.	 12. Income tax
36	
No.	 13. Intangible assets
37	
No.	 14.Property, plant and equipment
42	
No.	 15. Leases
44	
No.	 16. Non–current financial investments
45	
No.	 17. Inventories
46	
No. 18.	
Receivables from contracts with customers and other receivables
48	
No. 19.	
Cash and cash equivalents
48	
No. 20.	
Share capital
49	
No. 21.	
Reserves, dividends and earnings per share
50	
No. 22.	
Other financial investments
50	
No. 23.	
Borrowings
51	
No. 24.	
Derivative financial instruments
53	
No. 25.	
Fair values and fair value measurement
56	
No. 26.	
Trade and other payables
56	
No. 27.	
Provisions
58	
No. 28.	
Deferred income
59	
No. 29.	
Related party transactions
62	
No. 30.	
Discontinued operation
63	
No. 31.	
Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities
63	
No. 32.	
Commitments and contingent liabilities
64	
No. 33.	
Events after the reporting year
FINANCIAL CALENDAR
Interim Condensed Financial Statements:
For the 3 months of 2022 (unaudited) – 31.05.2022
For the 6 months of 2022 (unaudited) – 31.08.2022
For the 9 months of 2022 (unaudited) – 30.11.2022
2

--- Page 155 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
Key figures
In order to ensure an objective and comparable presentation of the financial results, Latvenergo Group and Latvenergo AS uses various financial figures and ratios that are derived from the financial statements.
Latvenergo Group
Operational figures
2021
2020
2019
2018
2017
Total electricity supply, incl.:
GWh
9,260
8,854
9,259
9,984
10,371
 - Retail*
GWh
6,706
6,394
6,505
6,954
6,923
 - Wholesale**
GWh
2,554
2,460
2,754
3,030
3,448
Retail natural gas
GWh
1,026
516
303
147
33
Electricity generated
GWh
4,517
4,249
4,880
5,076
5,734
Thermal energy generated
GWh
2,072
1,702
1,842
2,274
2,612
Number of employees
3,153
3,295
3,423
3,508
3,908
Moody’s credit rating
Baa2 (stable)
Baa2 (stable)
Baa2 (stable)
Baa2 (stable)
Baa2 (stable)
EUR’000
Financial figures
2021
2020
2019
2018
2017
Revenue***
1,065,219
773,391
841,636
838,805
881,212
EBITDA***
198,813
277,894
243,526
281,947
497,731
Operating profit
81,890
121,350
100,365
81,983
214,462
Profit before tax
74,930
112,699
92,072
74,734
224,114
Profit for the year
71,623
116,309
94,359
75,955
322,021
Dividends paid to equity holder of the Parent Company
98,246
127,071
132,936
156,418
90,142
Assets
3,475,890
3,358,835
3,864,941
3,798,819
4,415,725
Non–current assets
2,894,502
2,976,192
2,798,712
3,364,534
3,343,404
Equity
2,123,448
2,118,242
2,265,487
2,320,065
2,846,891
Borrowings
795,029
743,199
882,671
814,343
826,757
Net debt***1)
697,950
555,876
563,959
505,419
496,730
Net cash flows generated from operating activities
131,749
291,194
315,433
302,869
338,209
Adjusted funds from operations (FFO)2)
219,534
269,479
271,593
209,732
364,632
Capital expenditure
126,728
168,855
229,427
220,607
243,811
Based on the most commonly used financial figures and ratios in the industry, the Latvenergo Group 
Strategy for 2017-2022 and 2022-2026 (see also the Management Report – section Further development, 
and Sustainability Report), as well as the binding financial covenants set in the Group’s loan agreements, 
Latvenergo Group has set here and therefore uses the following financial figures and ratios:
 
y profitability measures – EBITDA; EBITDA margin; operating profit margin; profit before tax margin; 
profit margin; return on assets (ROA); return on equity (ROE); adjusted ROE excluding distribution; 
return on capital employed (ROCE)
 
y capital structure measures – net debt1); adjusted FFO2)/net debt; equity–to–asset ratio; net 
debt / EBITDA; net debt / equity; current ratio
 
y a dividend policy measure – dividend pay–out ratio
Starting from this year report, the financial figures and ratios have supplemented by the following: adjusted 
FFO / net debt and adjusted ROE excluding distribution business. These ratios are included in the 
Latvenergo Group Strategy for 2022-2026.
* Including operating consumption 
** Including sale of energy purchased within the mandatory procurement on the Nord Pool
*** Figures and ratios for 2017 - 10 June 2020 are presented by excluding discontinuing operations (unbundling transmission system asset ownership), see 
Note 30 of the Financial Statements 
1) Net debt = borrowings at the end of the reporting year – cash and cash equivalents at the end of the reporting year
2) Adjusted funds from operations (FFO) = Net cash flows generated from operating activities – (changes in inventories + changes in receivables from contracts 
with customers and other receivables) – changes in trade and other liabilities –compensation from the state-on-state support for the installed capacity of 
CHPPs
Financial ratios
2021
2020
2019
2018
2017
Formulas
EBITDA margin
19%
36%
29%
34%
56%
EBITDA / revenue
Operating profit margin
7.7%
15.7%
11.9%
9.8%
24.3%
Operating profit / revenue
Profit before tax margin
7.0%
14.6%
10.9%
8.9%
25.4%
Profit before tax / revenue
Profit margin
6.7%
15.0%
11.2%
9.1%
36.5%
Profit for the year / revenue
Adjusted FFO / net debt
35%
48%
51%
42%
71%
Adjusted FFO / ((net debt at the beginning of the reporting year + net debt at the end of the reporting year) /2)
Equity–to–asset ratio
61%
63%
59%
61%
64%
Equity at the end of the reporting year / assets at the end of the reporting year
Net debt / EBITDA
3.2
2.0
2.2
1.8
1.0
(Net debt at the beginning of the reporting year + net debt at the end of the reporting year) / 2 / EBITDA
Net debt / equity
0.33
0.26
0.25
0.22
0.17
Net debt at the end of the reporting year / equity at the end of the reporting year
Current ratio
1.4
1.5
1.2
1.5
3.2
Current assets at the end of the reporting year / current liabilities at the end of the reporting year
Return on assets (ROA)
2.1%
3.2%
2.5%
1.8%
7.7%
Profit for the year / ((assets at the beginning of the reporting year + assets at the end of the reporting year) / 2)
Return on equity (ROE)
3.4%
5.3%
4.1%
2.9%
12.2%
Profit for the year / ((equity at the beginning of the reporting year + equity at the end of the reporting year) / 2)
Adjusted ROE excluding distribution
5.5%
7.7%
4.8%
2.6%
11.5%
(Group's profit for the year –  Sadales tīkls AS profit for the year) / ((Group's equity at the beginning of the reporting year – 
Sadales tīkls AS equity at the beginning of the reporting year + Group's equity at the end of the reporting year – Sadales tīkls AS equity 
at the end of the reporting year) / 2)
Return on capital employed (ROCE)***
2.9%
4.2%
3.4%
2.5%
6.4%
Operating profit / ((equity at the beginning of the reporting year + equity at the end of the reporting year) / 2) + (borrowings at the 
beginning of the reporting year + borrowings at the end of the reporting year) / 2)
Dividend pay–out ratio
63%
126%
62%
104%
66%
Dividends paid to equity holder of the Parent Company / profit of the Parent Company in the previous year
3

--- Page 156 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
* Including operating consumption
** Including sale of energy purchased within the mandatory procurement on the Nord Pool
*** Figures and ratios for 2017 - 10 June 2020 are presented by excluding discontinuing operations (unbundling transmission system asset ownership), see 
Note 30 of the Financial Statements
1) Net debt = borrowings at the end of the reporting year – cash and cash equivalents at the end of the reporting year
Latvenergo AS
Operational figures
2021
2020
2019
2018
2017
Total electricity supply, incl.:
GWh
5,304
5,318
5,502
5,826
6,265
 - Retail*
GWh
3,999
4,235
4,211
4,406
4,619
 - Wholesale**
GWh
1,305
1,083
1,290
1,419
1,645
Retail natural gas
GWh
804
453
294
145
33
Electricity generated
GWh
4,495
4,215
4,832
5,028
5,687
Thermal energy generated
GWh
1,800
1,475
1,603
2,007
2,354
Number of employees at the end of the 
reporting year
1,269
1,267
1,328
1,355
1,431
Moody’s credit rating
Baa2 (stable)
Baa2 (stable)
Baa2 (stable)
Baa2 (stable)
Baa2 (stable)
EUR’000
Financial figures
2021
2020
2019
2018
2017
Revenue***
592,785
385,612
437,529
435,199
498,580
EBITDA***
85,275
197,889
112,651
160,927
387,100
Operating profit
52,367
111,630
45,108
33,803
177,416
Profit before tax
79,520
154,848
101,227
212,760
185,906
Profit for the year
79,520
154,848
101,227
212,733
150,891
Dividends paid to equity holder of the Parent Company
98,246
127,071
132,936
156,418
90,142
Assets
2,915,587
2,760,155
3,136,958
3,141,109
3,649,200
Non–current assets
2,215,793
2,307,985
2,615,113
2,661,307
2,546,014
Equity
1,761,070
1,746,436
1,949,287
1,993,823
2,382,638
Borrowings
782,322
733,392
872,899
802,268
814,772
Net debt***1)
689,904
548,511
555,348
494,944
486,393
Net cash flows generated from operating activities
355,549
446,162
378,142
394,395
449,352
Capital expenditure
29,545
50,999
48,269
41,350
89,278
Financial ratios
2021
2020
2019
2018
2017
Formulas
EBITDA margin
14.4%
51.3%
25.7%
37.0%
77.6%
EBITDA / revenue
Operating profit margin
8.8%
28.9%
10.3%
7.8%
35.6%
Operating profit / revenue
Profit before tax margin
13.4%
40.2%
23.1%
48.9%
37.3%
Profit before tax / revenue
Profit margin
13.4%
40.2%
23.1%
48.9%
30.3%
Profit for the year / revenue
Equity–to–asset ratio
60%
63%
62%
63%
65%
Equity at the end of the reporting year / assets at the end of the reporting year
Net debt / equity
0.39
0.31
0.29
0.25
0.24
Net debt at the end of the reporting year / equity at the end of the reporting year
Current ratio
1.8
2.3
1.8
2.0
4.3
Current assets at the end of the reporting year / current liabilities at the end of the reporting year
Return on assets (ROA)
2.8%
5.3%
3.2%
6.3%
4.4%
Profit for the year / ((assets at the beginning of the reporting year + assets at the end of the reporting year) / 2)
Return on equity (ROE)
4.5%
8.4%
5.1%
9.7%
6.6%
Profit for the year / ((equity at the beginning of the reporting year + equity at the end of the reporting year) / 2)
Return on capital employed (ROCE)***
2.1%
4.4%
1.7%
1.2%
5.9%
Operating profit / ((equity at the beginning of the reporting year + equity at the end of the reporting year) / 2) + (borrowings at the 
beginning of the reporting year + borrowings at the end of the reporting year) / 2)
Dividend pay–out ratio
63%
126%
62%
104%
66%
Dividends paid to equity holder of the Parent Company / profit of the Parent Company in the previous year
4

--- Page 157 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
Management Report
Latvenergo Group (the Group) is one of the largest power suppliers and a leader in green energy generation 
in the Baltics, operating in electricity and thermal energy generation and trade, natural gas trade, supply of 
products and services related to electricity consumption and energy efficiency, and electricity distribution 
services.
Latvenergo Group – one of the largest power suppliers in the Baltics
The parent company of Latvenergo Group is Latvenergo AS which is a power supply utility operating in 
electricity and thermal energy generation and trade, natural gas trade, as well as supply of products and 
services related to electricity consumption and energy efficiency in Latvia.
Operating Environment
In Europe, 2021 will go down in the history of the electricity market with the largest price records. In 2021, 
the Nord Pool system price was almost six times higher than in 2020 (+472%), reaching 62.3 EUR/MWh. 
Electricity spot prices in the Baltics were more than two and a half times higher than in 2020.
Record-high electricity and energy resource prices
Average Nordpool electricity market price, EUR/MWh
2021
2020
Δ, %
Latvia
88.8
34.0
161%
Estonia
86.7
33.7
157%
Lithuania
90.5
34.0
166%
Poland
86.7
40.8
113%
Sweden
57.9
19.0
205%
Finland
72.3
28.0
158%
Denmark
88.0
26.7
230%
Norway
56.9
9.3
512%
Germany
96.9
30.5
218%
France
109.2
32.2
239%
Great Britain
137.1
39.6
246%
The rapid rise in electricity prices in the Nord Pool region was affected by various factors: multiple increases 
in gas prices and CO2 emission allowances, 5% higher demand for electricity, and lower generation of 
wind power plants in Europe. The price of natural gas at TTF (virtual trading point for natural gas), which 
often determines the price of electricity in the Baltics during the peak hours, reached 115.8 EUR/MWh 
in December 2021 (in December 2020 it was 16.2 EUR/MWh). Meanwhile, the price of CO2 emission 
allowances hit 80 EUR/t in December 2021, which is 2.6 times higher than in 2020. In 2021, the monthly 
increase in electricity prices in Latvia marked new historical records for the average monthly price, reaching 
207.4 EUR/MWh in December
In 2021, the price of natural gas in Europe was mainly impacted by higher consumption, lower supply 
volumes and higher prices of other energy products. At the end of the reporting year, the natural gas 
reserve fill rate in Europe’s gas storage facilities reached 54%, which is 20% lower than in the previous 
year, and 26% below the 10–year average. In the reporting year, the price of natural gas at the TTF (Front 
Month) reached 46.9 EUR/ MWh, which is almost five times higher than in 2020, when the average price 
was 9.6 EUR/ MWh.
The average price of CO2 emission allowances (EUA DEC.21) in 2021 was more than two times higher 
than in the previous year, reaching 53.3 EUR / t. The rise in allowance prices was impacted by rising raw 
material prices, a lower amount of emission allowances allocated to the market, and the reforms adopted 
by the European Commission to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 2030.
50
100
150
200
250
Jan 2020
Apr 2020
Jul 2020
Oct 2020
Jan 2021
Apr 2021
Jul 2021
Oct 2021
Energy resource prices
EUR/MWh, EUR/t
Electricity: Nord Pool Latvia
Natural gas: TTF
CO2 emmission allowances
5

--- Page 158 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
Significant Events
Unbundling transmission system asset ownership
According to the Cabinet of Ministers of the Republic of Latvia (CM) decision on 8 October 2019, 
transmission system assets in the amount of EUR 694.3 million were separated from Latvenergo Group 
on 10 June 2020. The separation of the transmission system assets was carried out by reducing the share 
capital of Latvenergo AS by EUR 222.7 million, which was the value of Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS (LET) 
shares. Along with the unbundling of LET, all LET liabilities were transferred to Augstsprieguma tīkls AS, 
including the Latvenergo AS loan to LET in the amount of EUR 225 million. For more details, please 
see the Group’s annual report for 2020. Along with the unbundling of transmission system assets, the 
investment financing required by the Group decreased.
Changes in the Management Board of Latvenergo AS
On 16 November 2021, the Supervisory Board of Latvenergo AS elected a new Chairman of the 
Management Board and members of the Management Board with a five–year term. Mārtiņš Čakste has 
been appointed as the Chairman of the Management Board of Latvenergo AS, while Dmitrijs Juskovecs 
and Harijs Teteris have been appointed as members of the Management Board. The new members of 
the Management Board took office on 3 January 2022. Current board members Guntars Baļčūns and 
Kaspars Cikmačs continue their work in the Management Board.
Impact of COVID–19 on Latvenergo Group operations
From 11 October 2021 to 28 February 2022, the Latvian government declared a state of emergency 
in order to limit the spread of COVID–19. Latvenergo Group continuously evaluates the impact of the 
spread of COVID–19, implements measures for customer and employee safety, and ensures appropriate 
shift arrangements in the facilities of strategic importance: the Daugava HPPs, the Latvenergo AS 
Combined Heat and Power Plants (CHPPs) and the facilities of Sadales tīkls AS.
In the reporting year, Latvenergo Group’s services were not significantly impacted by the spread of 
the virus. The Group continued to ensure generation of electricity and thermal energy, as well as 
uninterrupted and accessible trade and distribution of electricity and natural gas to all its customers.
State aid for the reduction of energy prices
Considering the extraordinary increase in energy prices in 2021, in accordance with CM Regulation 
No. 895 on 21 December 2021, all end users of electricity from 1 December to 31 December 2021 
were granted state aid for the reduction of the electricity distribution system service fee by 50%, 
which was compensated from the state budget. Meanwhile, after the end of the reporting year, 
in January  2022, the Saeima of the Republic of Latvia adopted a law on measures to reduce the 
extraordinary rise in energy prices. The aim of this law is to reduce the negative socioeconomic impact 
on the well–being of the population and economic growth, which is associated with an unprecedented 
sharp rise in energy prices. The law provides for various types of support measures to legal and natural 
persons to partially compensate the rising costs of energy resources for four months (from 1 January 
to 30 April 2022). In total, four support measures are included to reduce the costs of electricity, heat, 
and natural gas. The necessary financing for the implementation of the support measures specified by 
law is EUR 250 million, which will be provided from the state budget programme “Contingency Funds”. 
Various state support mechanisms for reducing energy prices have been established in Estonia and 
Lithuania, too.
The CM supports the intention to establish a joint venture for the 
development of wind farms in Latvia
After the reporting year, on 22 February 2022, the CM conceptually approved the proposal of the 
Ministry of Economics, which urgently addresses the targets of the National Energy and Climate Plan 
for 2021–2030 and strengthens the state’s energy independence. The state plans to build new wind 
farms of strategic importance on state–owned land by entrusting the implementation of this project to 
a joint venture established by Latvenergo AS and Latvijas valsts meži AS. For further progress of the 
project, the Ministry of Economics must prepare the necessary amendments to regulatory enactments, 
to promote the development of wind farms in Latvia, as well as obtain a permit from the CM for the 
establishment of a joint venture between Latvenergo AS and Latvijas valsts meži AS for the development 
of wind farm projects.
Russia’s invasion of Ukraine
On 24 February 2022, the Russian Federation has launched an invasion of the Republic of Ukraine. 
Shortly after the invasion, the EU and rest of the world, including global bodies, imposed wide–ranging 
set of restrictive measures against Russia, which is updated and expanded on a regular basis.
Until the date of authorisation of these financial statements, the restrictive measures imposed had no 
significant impact on the Group’s performance, no operations had been suspended and no significant 
direct losses related to the restrictive measures had been incurred at the date of the financial statements. 
Latvenergo Group has not entered into any significant direct agreements with companies in Russia, 
Belarus, or Ukraine, which could have a material negative impact on the Group’s operations in the 
current situation.
Assessing the possible risks related to the Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and in accordance with the task 
given by the government on 24 February 2022 to replenish gas reserves for national security purposes, 
Latvenergo AS has swiftly procured approximately 2 terawatt hours (TWh) of gas for the security 
of supply of production of the combined heat and power plants of Latvenergo AS. The concluded 
agreements envisage liquefied natural gas supply to Klaipeda Terminal and injection of gas into Inčukalns 
6

--- Page 159 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
underground gas storage in April and May 2022. Natural gas will be supplied from Norway, the USA and 
Qatar. The purchased amount of gas will ensure the production of electricity and heat at the planned 
production regime of the combined heat and power plants of Latvenergo AS in 2022, at the same time 
envisaging gas reserves in the event of a possible energy crisis.
Operating Results
Generation
Latvenergo Group is the largest green electricity producer in the Baltics. Latvenergo Group produced 29% 
of the total electricity generated in the Baltics. The total amount generated by Latvenergo Group’s power 
plants comprised 4,517 GWh of electricity and 2,072 GWh of thermal energy.
Latvenergo Group is a leader in green energy generation in the Baltics
In 2021, the amount of power generated at the Daugava HPPs increased by 4% compared to the 
previous year, reaching 2,636 GWh. The share of electricity generated from renewable energy sources at 
Latvenergo Group was 59% (2020: 60%). 
The amount generated at the Latvenergo AS CHPPs increased by 10%, reaching 1,854 GWh. The 
relatively larger amount of power generated at the CHPPs was impacted by lower output in 2020, when 
there were warm weather conditions and lower electricity prices. The operation of the CHPPs is adjusted 
to the conditions of the electricity market and heat demand. 
The total amount of thermal energy generated by Latvenergo Group increased by 22% due to colder 
weather conditions in the heating season. Data from the Central Statistical Bureau show that the average 
air temperature in Riga in the reporting year was +1.8 C°, whereas in 2020 it was +5.1 C°.
Trade
Latvenergo Group is one of the largest energy traders in the Baltics, offering its customers electricity and 
natural gas, as well as a wide range of related products and services, under the Elektrum brand.
Latvenergo – an energy company that operates in all segments of the market in Latvia, 
Lithuania, and Estonia
In 2021, total electricity consumption in the Baltics increased by 4% compared to the previous year, 
reaching 28.7 TWh. Electricity consumption increased by 3% in Latvia and Lithuania and by 6% in Estonia. 
The increase in consumption in the Baltic region was affected by colder weather at the beginning and the 
end of the reporting year, a hotter summer, and economic recovery after COVID–19 restrictions.
In 2021, the Group supplied 6.7 TWh of electricity to its customers in the Baltics, which is 5% more than in 
the previous year. The increase in electricity sales was impacted by the increased sales in markets outside 
Latvia, especially in the segments of large business customers and households in Lithuania as well as 
the purchase of the Estonian customer portfolio from the electricity company Imatra Elekter. The overall 
amount of retail electricity trade outside Latvia accounted for about 40% of the total. The electricity trade 
volume in Latvia was 4.0 TWh, while in Lithuania it was 1.6 TWh and in Estonia it was 1.1 TWh.
The total number of electricity customers comprised about 755 thousand, including more than 90 thousand 
foreign customers.
In August 2021, the Group’s company Elektrum Eesti acquired shares in three micro–network service 
companies in Estonia and took over almost 20,000 customers in Estonia from the Finnish company Imatra 
Elekter, thus significantly increasing Latvenergo Group’s competitiveness in the Estonian electricity and 
related products and services market.
Latvenergo Group’s natural gas sales to retail customers almost doubled, exceeding 1 TWh.
In the reporting year, we continued to develop retail activities of other products and services related to 
electricity consumption and energy efficiency. The number of contracts for the installation of solar panels 
and trade of solar park components in the Baltics increased more than two times compared to 2020, 
exceeding 1,300. The total installed solar panel capacity provided to Latvenergo Group’s retail customers 
in the Baltics reached almost 11 MW; thus, Latvenergo Group is one of the leading providers of this 
service in the Baltics. 3/4 of panels’ capacity are installed for customers outside Latvia.
Steady growth in the number of Elektrum Insured customers in the Baltics continued, reaching more than 
104 thousand. We expanded the e-shop assortment and functionalities. The total number of purchases 
reached more than 2,700 transactions in 2021. The most purchased products are Smart House Solutions, 
Security and Lighting.
At the end of 2021, the Elektrum electric car charging network reached 90 charging ports. The number 
of charges made at public charging stations by customers of the mobile application Elektrum increased 
by 50% compared to 2020, reaching more than 8,500 and comprising 160 MWh.
Distribution
Distribution segment provides electricity distribution services in Latvia. Sadales tīkls AS is the largest state 
distribution system operator, covering approximately 99% of the territory of Latvia. Distribution system 
tariffs are approved by the Public Utilities Commission (PUC).
Since 2017, Sadales tīkls AS has been implementing an efficiency programme, which comprises process 
reviews, decreasing the number of employees and transportation units, and optimizing the number of 
technical and support real estate bases. As of 31 December 2021, the number of employees at Sadales 
tīkls AS has been reduced by almost 870. The amount of smart electricity meters installed by the company 
comprised more than 970 thousand, which is about 90% of the total number of electricity meters of 
customers of Sadales tīkls AS.
In 2021, the amount of electricity distributed was 6,470 GWh, which is 3% more than in 2020. It was 
affected by economic recovery after Covid–19 restrictions.
7

--- Page 160 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
Investments in modernization of distribution assets have increased the quality of distribution services by 
lowering System Average Interruption Frequency Index (SAIFI) and System Average Interruption Duration 
Index (SAIDI) indicators. In 2021, SAIFI was 2.3 times, but SAIDI was 208 minutes. Over the last five years, 
excluding mass damage situations, SAIFI has decreased by 17% and SAIDI has decreased by 21%.
The operating strategy of Sadales tīkls AS for 2022-2027 has been approved
In October 2021, the Supervisory Board of Sadales tīkls AS approved the operating strategy of Sadales 
tīkls AS for 2022-2027. The strategy of the Company is integrated into the overall medium-term strategy 
of Latvenergo Group.
The general long–term target of Sadales tīkls AS is to ensure a sustainable and economically viable 
distribution service by managing the power grid efficiently and improving the security and quality of 
electricity supply, which are important for the competitiveness and growth of the economy, while 
contributing to the targets of climate neutrality. To achieve this, four targets have been set for the 
next strategic period, 2022-2027: improvement of the quality and security of electricity supply; digital 
transformation of the company; continuous improvement of the company and increase in its value; 
ensuring sustainable development and climate neutrality.
Financial Results
In 2021, Latvenergo Group’s revenue reached EUR 1,065.2 million, which was EUR 291.8 million or 
38% more than in the previous year. This was mainly impacted by:
 
y EUR 252.4 million higher energy sales revenues mainly due to higher electricity market prices and a 
5% increase in retail sales volume
 
y EUR 30.8 million higher heat sales with 22% greater output due to colder weather conditions during 
the heating season as well as the increase in the average sales price, which was impacted by the 
higher market price of natural gas.
Group’s revenue increased by 38%
Latvenergo Group’s EBITDA decreased by EUR 79.1 million or 28% compared to 2020, reaching 
EUR 198.8 million. This was negatively impacted mainly by significantly higher electricity purchase prices 
as well as higher natural gas and CO2 emission allowance prices. The Group produces less electricity at its 
plants than it is sold to the Group’s customers – the amount of electricity generated in the reporting year 
corresponds to 67% of the electricity sold to retail customers. The missing part was bought on the market 
at a higher price than fixed in our customer agreements, which had a negative impact on the EBITDA. 
In 2021, the electricity spot price in Latvia was more than two and a half times higher compared to the 
previous year. The price of natural gas was almost five times higher, and the average price of CO2 emission 
allowances was more than two times higher.
The Group’s profit for the reporting year reached EUR 71.6 million, which was EUR 44.7 million less than 
in the previous year.
Lower profit affected the Group’s ROE, which reaches 3.4% in 2021. For information on financial 
objectives, see the Sustainability Report section “Group Strategy”.
Investments
In 2021, the total amount of investment comprised EUR 126.7 million, which was EUR 42.1 million or 
25% less than in the previous year. The decrease in the amount of investment was impacted mainly by the 
unbundling of transmission system assets on 10 June 2020. In 2020, until the unbundling of transmission 
system assets, the investment made in transmission assets comprised EUR 28.9 million.
Investment in power distribution network assets – approximately 2/3 of the total
To ensure high–quality power network service, technical parameters and operational safety, a significant 
amount is invested in the modernisation of the power distribution network. In the reporting year, the 
amount invested in power distribution network assets represented 67% of total investment.
Daugava HPPs reconstruction
Contributing to environmentally friendly projects, in 2021, EUR 11.7 million was invested in the Daugava 
HPPs’ hydropower unit reconstruction and by the end of the reporting year, work completed within 
the scope of the contract reached EUR 196.2 million. The hydropower unit reconstruction programme 
for the Daugava HPPs provides for the reconstruction of 11 hydropower units in order to ensure 
environmentally safe, sustainable, and competitive operations and efficient water resource management. 
As of 31 December 2021, seven reconstructed hydropower units have been put into operation within the 
programme. Latvenergo Group is proceeding with a gradual overhaul of four Daugava HPPs’ hydropower 
units. The total reconstruction costs will exceed EUR 260 million. Reconstruction will ensure functionality 
of the hydropower units for more than 40 years.
Daugava HPP reconstruction
MEUR
0
50
100
150
200
250
300
196.2
64.6
Invested as of 31.12.2021
Investments remaining
8

--- Page 161 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
Funding
Latvenergo Group finances its investments from its own resources and external long–term borrowings, 
which are regularly sourced in financial and capital markets in a timely manner.
On 17 May 2021, Latvenergo AS issued seven–year green bonds with a total nominal value of 
EUR  50  million, a maturity date of 17 May 2028 and a fixed annual interest rate (coupon) of  0.5% 
(yield: 0.543%). The bonds were issued under the third Latvenergo AS EUR 200 million programme, 
and they are listed on Nasdaq Riga AS on 18 May 2021. The bonds were issued in the format of green 
bonds, according to the Green Bond Framework of Latvenergo AS. The independent research centre 
CICERO Shades of Green has rated the updated Latvenergo AS Green Bond Framework as Dark Green 
(the highest category), indicating the compliance of the planned projects with long–term environmental 
protection and climate change mitigation objectives, as well as good governance and transparency.
Moody’s reaffirmed the credit rating for Latvenergo AS: Baa2 (stable)
As of 31 December 2021, the Group’s borrowings amount to EUR 795.0 million (31 December 2020: 
EUR  743.2 million), including long–term borrowings from financial institutions as well as issued debt 
securities (green bonds) in the amount of EUR 150 million.
External funding sources are purposefully diversified in the long run, thus creating a balance between 
lender categories in the total loan portfolio.
On 6 December 2021, Moody’s published the ESG score of Latvenergo AS, which is considered when 
determining the credit rating of the company. The ESG score is neutral–to–low, or CIS–2, indicating that 
the environmental, social and governance aspects of the company do not have a material effect on the 
credit rating. The indicator reflects moderate environmental, social and governance risks.
After the reporting year, on 24 January 2022, Moody’s published an updated Credit Opinion of 
Latvenergo AS. The rating of Latvenergo AS remains unchanged: Baa2 with a stable outlook. The credit 
rating Baa2 for Latvenergo AS has been stable for seven years in a row, confirming the consistency of 
operations and financial soundness of Latvenergo Group.
Corporate Governance
Along with the financial results of Latvenergo Group, also the Corporate Governance Report of 
Latvenergo AS for 2021 is published. It is based on the Corporate Governance Code, which was published 
in 2020 by the Corporate Governance Advisory Board established by the Ministry of Justice. Evaluating 
both the governance system of the capital company and its compliance with the principles in 2021, the 
Management Board considers that Latvenergo AS complies in all material aspects with all the principles 
set out in the Code, except for the criterion of gender representation on the company’s Supervisory 
Board. For detailed information see the Sustainability Report 2021.
Non-financial Report
Latvenergo Group has prepared a non–financial report in accordance with the Law on the Financial 
Instruments Market (Article 564).
Non-financial report is prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards
For detailed information on CSR activities, description of the policies and procedures in relation to those 
matters, the outcome of the policies, risks and risk management, and non–financial key performance 
indicators, please see the Sustainability Report 2021 which is available on the Latvenergo website: 
http://www.latvenergo.lv. The report is prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards – Core option 
requirements.
The sustainability report addresses such topics as corporate social responsibility, economic performance, 
product responsibility, society, employees and the work environment, environmental protection, etc.
Latvenergo Group’s debt repayment schedule
Long-term borrowings as of 31 December 2021: 795.0 MEUR
MEUR
2025
2026
2027-2034
103.0
49.9
200.8
2021
2023
2022
2024
77.9
177.3
83.0
Loans
Repaid in reporting year
Green Bonds
180.9
9

--- Page 162 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
Further Development
In 2021, Latvenergo Group operated in accordance with the targets and objectives set in the medium-
term operational strategy for 2017-2022, which have been fulfilled. The fulfilment of the targets set in the 
strategy provided an opportunity to evaluate the achievements in time and to set precise targets and 
objectives for the new strategy period, also taking into consideration the dynamic changes in the external 
environment. Accordingly, in 2021, Latvenergo Group’s medium-term strategy for 2022-2026, with new 
strategic operational and financial targets, was developed, and approved by the Supervisory Board of 
Latvenergo in March 2022. New strategic objectives comprise:
 
y expand and diversify the generation portfolio with green technologies
 
y strengthen the position of Elektrum as the most valuable energy trader in the Baltics
 
y develop electrification of the transport sector
 
y ensure a sustainable and economically viable distribution service and improve the security and quality 
of electricity supply.
The new Group’s strategy takes into account current climate and energy policy settings
Along with the strategy approval, Latvenergo Group’s financial targets have been set. The targets are 
divided into four groups – profitability, capital structure, dividend policy and other.
The financial targets are set to ensure:
 
y ambitious, yet achievable profitability, which is consistent with the average ratios of benchmark 
companies in the European energy sector and provides for an adequate return on the business risk
 
y an optimal and industry–relevant capital structure that limits potential financial risks
 
y an adequate dividend policy that is consistent with the planned investment policy and capital structure 
targets
 
y an investment grade credit rating to secure funding for the strategy’s ambitious investment programme.
Target group
Ratio
Year 2026
Profitability
Return on equity (ROE) excluding Distribution (*)
> 7%
Capital structure
Adjusted FFO / Net Debt ratio
> 25%
Dividend policy
Dividend pay–out ratio
> 64%
Other
Moody's credit rating
Maintain an investment grade credit rating
* The profitability of the regulated services provided by the Group is determined by the Public Utilities Commission. The most significant share in the Group’s 
regulated services is the Distribution service. When evaluating the fulfilment of the ROE target, the Group’s return indicator will be assessed, excluding the 
regulated return on the distribution service – ROE excluding Distribution
More information on the 2021 targets and the new strategy can be found in the Sustainability Report 
2021.
Financial Risk Management
The activities of Latvenergo Group and Latvenergo AS are exposed to a variety of financial risks: market 
risks, credit risk, and liquidity and cash flow risk. Latvenergo Group’s Financial Risk Management Policy 
focuses on eliminating the potential adverse effects from such risks on financial performance. In the 
framework of financial risk management, Latvenergo Group and Latvenergo AS use various financial risk 
controls and hedging to reduce certain risk exposures.
a) Market risks
I) Price risk
Price risk might negatively affect the financial results of Latvenergo Group and Latvenergo AS due to 
falling revenue from generation and a mismatch between electricity purchases at floating market prices 
and retail sales at fixed prices. 
The main sources of Latvenergo Group’s and Latvenergo AS exposure to price risk are the floating market 
prices of electricity on the Nord Pool power exchange in Baltic bidding areas and the fuel price for CHPPs. 
The financial results of the Group and the Parent Company may be negatively affected by the volatility of 
the electricity market price, which depends on the weather conditions in the Nordic countries, global prices 
of resources, and the influence of local factors (water availability and ambient air temperature) on electricity 
generation opportunities. Movement in natural gas price due to changing demand–supply factors and 
seasonal fluctuations may have a negative effect on the difference between fixed retail electricity prices in 
contracts with customers and variable generation costs at CHPPs.
In order to hedge the price risk, the Latvenergo Group and Latvenergo AS enter into long–term fixed 
price customer contracts for hedging electricity generation price risk, uses electricity and natural gas 
financial derivatives, and enter into fixed price contracts for natural gas supply. The impact of price risk 
on generation is hedged gradually – price has been fixed for 55%–60% of projected electricity output 
prior to the upcoming year. Further hedging of risk is limited by the seasonal generation pattern of the 
Daugava HPPs.
II) Interest rate risk
Latvenergo Group’s and Latvenergo AS interest rate risk mainly arises from non–current borrowings at 
variable interest rates. They expose the Group and the Parent Company to the risk that finance costs 
might increase significantly when the reference rate surges. The borrowings from financial institutions 
have a variable interest rate, comprising 6–month EURIBOR and a margin. The Group’s Financial 
Risk Management Policy stipulates maintaining more than 35% of its borrowings as fixed interest rate 
borrowings (considering the effect of interest rate swaps and issued bonds) with a duration of 1–4 years. 
Considering the effect of interest rate swaps and bonds with a fixed interest rate, 37% of the Group’s 
and 38% of the Parent Company’s borrowings had a fixed interest rate with an average duration of 
1,5 years both for the Group and the parent Company as of 31 December 2021.
10
10

--- Page 163 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
III) Currency risk
Foreign currency exchange risk arises when future transactions or recognised assets or liabilities are 
denominated in a currency other than the functional currency, which is the EUR.
As of 31 December 2021, all borrowings of Latvenergo Group and Latvenergo AS are denominated in 
euros, and during the reporting year, there was no substantial exposure to foreign currency risk as regards 
the Group’s and the Parent Company’s investments in non–current or current assets.
To manage the foreign currency exchange risk, the Financial Risk Management Policy envisages use of 
foreign exchange forward contracts.
b) Credit risk
Credit risk is managed at the Latvenergo Group level. Credit risk arises from cash and cash equivalents, 
derivative financial instruments and deposits with banks, and receivables. Credit risk exposure of 
receivables is limited due to the large number of Group customers as there is no significant concentration 
of credit risk with any single counterparty or group of counterparties with similar characteristics.
Credit risk related to cash and deposits with banks is managed by balancing the placement of financial 
assets in order to simultaneously choose the best offers and reduce the probability of incurrence of loss. 
No credit limits were exceeded during the reporting year, and the management does not expect any 
losses due to the occurrence of credit risk.
c) Liquidity risk and cash flow risk
Latvenergo Group’s liquidity and cash flow risk management policy is to maintain a sufficient amount of 
cash and cash equivalents and the availability of long and short–term funding through an adequate amount 
of committed credit facilities in order to meet existing and expected commitments and compensate for 
fluctuations in cash flows due to the occurrence of a variety of financial risks. On 31 December 2021, 
Latvenergo Group’s liquid assets (cash and cash equivalents – short–term deposits up to 3 months) 
reached EUR 97.1 million (31 December 2020: EUR 100.7 million), while the Latvenergo AS liquid assets 
reached EUR 92.4 million (31 December 2020: EUR 98.3 million).
The Group and the Parent Company continuously monitor cash flow and liquidity forecasts, which 
comprise the undrawn borrowing facilities and cash and cash equivalents.
Events after the reporting period
After the reporting year, on 22 February 2022, the CM conceptually approved the proposal of the 
Ministry of Economics, which urgently addresses the targets of the National Energy and Climate Plan for 
2021-2030 and strengthens the state’s energy independence. The state plans to build new wind farms 
of strategic importance on state–owned land by entrusting the implementation of this project to a joint 
venture established by Latvenergo AS and Latvijas valsts meži AS.  For further progress of the project, the 
Ministry of Economics must prepare the necessary amendments to regulatory enactments, to promote 
the development of wind farms in Latvia, as well as obtain a permit from the CM for the establishment 
of a joint venture between Latvenergo AS and Latvijas valsts meži AS for the development of wind farm 
projects.
All other significant events that would materially affect the financial position of the Latvenergo Group and 
Latvenergo AS after the reporting year are disclosed in Note 33 of the Group’s and the Parent Company’s 
Financial Statements.
Statement of management responsibility
Based on the information available to the Management Board of Latvenergo AS, the Latvenergo Group 
Consolidated and Latvenergo AS Annual Report 2021, including the Management Report, have been 
prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU and in 
all material aspects present a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial position, profit and loss 
and its cash flows of Latvenergo Group and Latvenergo AS. Information provided in the Management 
Report is accurate.
Profit distribution
According to the Law “On the medium–term budgetary framework for 2022, 2023 and 2024” the expected 
amount of dividends to be paid by Latvenergo AS for the use of state capital in 2022 (for the reporting 
year 2021) amounts to 64% of profit for the reporting year and is not less than EUR 70,2 million. The 
distribution of net profit and amount of dividends payable is subject to a resolution of the Latvenergo AS 
Shareholders Meeting.
This document is signed with a secure digital signature and contains a time stamp
The Management Board of Latvenergo AS:
Mārtiņš Čakste	
Dmitrijs Juskovecs	
Guntars Baļčūns	
Kaspars Cikmačs	
Harijs Teteris
Chairman of the Management Board	
Member of the Management Board	
Member of the Management Board	
Member of the Management Board	
Member of the Management Board
12 April 2022
11
11

--- Page 164 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
EUR’000
 
Notes
Group
Parent Company
2021
2020
2021
2020
Revenue
6
1,065,219
773,391
592,785
385,612
Other income
7 
29,428
28,732
27,746
63,177
Raw materials and consumables
8
(740,127)
(369,261)
(458,470)
(173,884)
Personnel expenses
 9
(105,623)
(105,971)
(45,413)
(45,657)
Other operating expenses
 10
(50,084)
(48,997)
(31,373)
(31,359)
EBITDA*
 
198,813
277,894
85,275
197,889
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment of intangible 
assets, property, plant and equipment (PPE) and 
right-of-use assets
13 a,14 a, 
15
(116,923)
(156,544)
(32,908)
(86,259)
Operating profit
 
81,890
121,350
52,367
111,630
Finance income
11
2,110
2,125
11,391
12,768
Finance costs
11
(9,070)
(10,776)
(9,216)
(11,293)
Dividends from subsidiaries
16
–
–
24,978
41,743
Profit before tax
 
74,930
112,699
79,520
154,848
Income tax
 12
(3,307)
(6,234)
–
–
Profit for the year from continuing operations
 
71,623
106,465
79,520
154,848
Profit for the year from discontinued operations
30
–
9,844
–
–
Profit for the year
71,623
116,309
79,520
154,848
Profit attributable to:
 
 - Equity holder of the Parent Company
21 c
70,675
114,513
79,520
154,848
 - Non-controlling interests
21 c
948
1,796
–
–
Basic earnings per share (in euros)
21 c
0.089
0.144
0.101
0.195
Diluted earnings per share (in euros)
21 c
0.089
0.144
0.101
0.195
* EBITDA – operating profit before depreciation, amortisation and impairment of intangible assets, property, plant, and equipment and right-of-use assets 
(Earnings Before Interest, Tax, Depreciation and Amortisation)
The notes on pages 16 to 64 are an integral part of these Financial Statements
Statement of Comprehensive Income
EUR’000
Notes
Group
Parent Company
2021
2020
2021
2020
Profit for the year
71,623
116,309
79,520
154,848
Other comprehensive income / (loss) to be reclassified 
to profit or loss in subsequent periods:
 - gains / (losses) from change in hedge reserve
21 a, 24
33,219
(7,774)
33,219
(7,774)
Net other comprehensive income / (loss) to be 
reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods
33,219
(7,774)
33,219
(7,774)
Other comprehensive income / (loss) not to be 
reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods:
 - gains on revaluation of non–current assets
14 a, 21 a
–
96,264
–
–
 - gains/(losses) as a result of re–measurement on 
defined post–employment benefit plan
21 a, 27
1,098
(476)
121
(176)
Net other comprehensive income / (loss) not to be 
reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods
1,098
95,788
121
(176)
Other comprehensive income / (loss) for the year
34,317
88,014
33,340
(7,950)
TOTAL comprehensive income for the year
105,940
204,323
112,860
146,898
Attributable to:
 - Equity holder of the Parent Company
104,992
202,527
112,860
146,898
 - Non–controlling interests
948
1,796
–
–
The notes on pages 16 to 64 are an integral part of these Financial Statements
This document is signed with a secure digital signature and contains a time stamp
The Management Board of Latvenergo AS:
Mārtiņš Čakste	
Dmitrijs Juskovecs	
Guntars Baļčūns	
Kaspars Cikmačs	
Harijs Teteris
Chairman of the Management Board	
Member of the Management Board	
Member of the Management Board	
Member of the Management Board	
Member of the Management Board
Liāna Ķeldere
Accounting director of Latvenergo AS
12 April 2022
12
12

--- Page 165 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
Statement of Financial Position
EUR’000
 
Notes
Group
 
Parent Company
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
 31/12/2021
31/12/2020
ASSETS
 
 
 
 
 
Non-current assets
 
 
 
 
 
Intangible assets
13 a
53,557
50,028
17,406
16,193
Property, plant, and equipment
14 a
2,826,654
2,827,326
1,066,973
1,071,570
Right–of–use assets
15
8,312
8,253
5,143
4,486
Investment property
14 b
3,316
512
3,602
3,334
Non-current financial investments
16
40
40
645,218
645,218
Non–current loans to related parties
29 e
–
86,620
477,010
563,783
Other non-current receivables
18 c
2,544
429
441
417
Deferred income tax assets
79
–
–
–
Derivative financial instruments
24
–
291
–
291
Other financial investments
22
–
2,693
–
2,693
Total non-current assets
 
2,894,502
2,976,192
2,215,793
2,307,985
Current assets
 
Inventories
17
192,132
68,754
171,287
50,471
Current intangible assets
13 b
24,266
3,157
24,266
3,157
Receivables from contracts with customers
18 a
181,136
108,178
110,638
75,856
Other current receivables
18 b, c
59,740
85,316
45,402
29,610
Deferred expenses
 
1,235
1,083
949
960
Current loans to related parties
 29 e
–
–
229,368
178,446
Prepayment for income tax
65
43
–
–
Derivative financial instruments
24
25,735
1,266
25,466
1,266
Other financial investments
22
–
14,143
–
14,143
Cash and cash equivalents
19
97,079
100,703
92,418
98,261
Total current assets
581,388
382,643
699,794
452,170
TOTAL ASSETS
 
3,475,890
3,358,835
2,915,587
2,760,155
EUR’000
 
Notes
Group
 
Parent Company
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
 31/12/2021
31/12/2020
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
 
EQUITY
 
Share capital
20
790,368
790,348
790,368
790,348
Reserves
21 a
1,175,355
1,154,367
795,731
766,115
Retained earnings
 
151,430
165,672
174,971
189,973
Equity attributable to equity holder of the Parent Company
2,117,153
2,110,387
1,761,070
1,746,436
Non-controlling interests
 
6,295
7,855
–
–
Total equity
 
2,123,448
2,118,242
1,761,070
1,746,436
LIABILITIES
 
Non-current liabilities
 
Borrowings
23 
614,075
634,077
603,728
626,408
Lease liabilities
15
6,540
6,783
4,085
3,734
Deferred income tax liabilities
2,955
6,401
–
–
Provisions
27
15,421
17,317
7,407
8,402
Derivative financial instruments
24
2,332
9,672
2,332
9,672
Deferred income from contracts with customers
28 I) a
137,019
139,613
802
863
Other deferred income
28 I) b, c
146,115
170,413
139,958
163,480
Total non-current liabilities
 
924,457
984,276
758,312
812,559
Current liabilities
 
Borrowings
23 
180,954
109,122
178,594
106,984
Lease liabilities
15
1,888
1,561
1,141
806
Trade and other payables
26
189,018
100,912
176,061
63,704
Deferred income from contracts with customers
28 II) a
15,031
15,091
67
813
Other deferred income
28 II) b, c
24,906
24,799
24,154
24,021
Derivative financial instruments
24 
16,188
4,832
16,188
4,832
Total current liabilities
 
427,985
256,317
396,205
201,160
Total liabilities
1,352,442
1,240,593
1,154,517
1,013,719
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
 
3,475,890
3,358,835
2,915,587
2,760,155
The notes on pages 16 to 64 are an integral part of these Financial Statements
This document is signed with a secure digital signature and contains a time stamp
The Management Board of Latvenergo AS:
Mārtiņš Čakste	
Dmitrijs Juskovecs	
Guntars Baļčūns	
Kaspars Cikmačs	
Harijs Teteris
Chairman of the Management Board	
Member of the Management Board	
Member of the Management Board	
Member of the Management Board	
Member of the Management Board
Liāna Ķeldere
Accounting director of Latvenergo AS
12 April 2022
13
13

--- Page 166 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
Statement of Changes in Equity
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
Attributable to equity holder of the Parent Company
Notes
Share 
capital
Reserves
Retained 
earnings
Reserves 
classified 
as held for 
distribution
Total
Non-
controlling 
interests
TOTAL
Share 
capital
Reserves
Retained 
earnings
TOTAL
As of 31 December 2019
834,883
1,075,235
318,555
28,936
2,257,609
7,878
2,265,487
834,883
778,162
336,242
1,949,287
Decrease of share capital
20
(222,678)
–
–
–
(222,678)
–
(222,678)
(222,678)
–
–
(222,678)
Increase of share capital
20
178,143
–
(178,143)
–
–
–
–
178,143
–
(178,143)
–
Dividends for 2019
21 b
–
–
(127,071)
–
(127,071)
(1,819)
(128,890)
–
–
(127,071)
(127,071)
Disposal of non–current assets revaluation reserve
21 a
–
(8,882)
8,882
–
–
–
–
–
(4,097)
4,097
–
Discontinued operation
21 a, 30
–
–
28,936
(28,936)
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
Total transactions with owners and other changes in equity
(44,535)
(8,882)
(267,396)
(28,936)
(349,749)
(1,819)
(351,568)
(44,535)
(4,097)
(301,117)
(349,749)
Profit for the year
–
–
114,513
–
114,513
1,796
116,309
–
–
154,848
154,848
Other comprehensive income / (loss) for the year
21 a
–
88,014
–
–
88,014
–
88,014
–
(7,950)
–
(7,950)
Total comprehensive income / (loss) for the year
–
88,014
114,513
–
202,527
1,796
204,323
–
(7,950)
154,848
146,898
As of 31 December 2020
790,348
1,154,367
165,672
–
2,110,387
7,855
2,118,242
790,348
766,115
189,973
1,746,436
Increase of share capital
20
20
–
–
–
20
–
20
20
–
–
20
Dividends for 2020
21 b
–
–
(98,246)
–
(98,246)
(2,508)
(100,754)
–
–
(98,246)
(98,246)
Disposal of non–current assets revaluation reserve
21 a
–
(13,329)
13,329
–
–
–
–
–
(3,724)
3,724
–
Total transactions with owners and other changes in equity
20
(13,329)
(84,917)
–
(98,226)
(2,508)
(100,734)
20
(3,724)
(94,522)
(98,226)
Profit for the year
–
–
70,675
–
70,675
948
71,623
–
–
79,520
79,520
Other comprehensive income for the year
21 a
–
34,317
–
–
34,317
–
34,317
–
33,340
–
33,340
Total comprehensive income for the year
–
34,317
70,675
–
104,992
948
105,940
–
33,340
79,520
112,860
As of 31 December 2021
790,368
1,175,355
151,430
–
2,117,153
6,295
2,123,448
790,368
795,731
174,971
1,761,070
The notes on pages 16 to 64 are an integral part of these Financial Statements
This document is signed with a secure digital signature and contains a time stamp
The Management Board of Latvenergo AS:
Mārtiņš Čakste	
Dmitrijs Juskovecs	
Guntars Baļčūns	
Kaspars Cikmačs	
Harijs Teteris
Chairman of the Management Board	
Member of the Management Board	
Member of the Management Board	
Member of the Management Board	
Member of the Management Board
Liāna Ķeldere
Accounting director of Latvenergo AS
12 April 2022
14
14

--- Page 167 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
Statement of Cash Flows
EUR’000
 
Notes
Group
Parent Company
2021
2020
 
2021
2020
Cash flows from operating activities
 
 
Profit before tax
74,930
112,699
79,520
154,848
Profit before tax from discontinued operation
30
–
9,946
–
–
Profit before tax, total
74,930
122,645
79,520
154,848
Adjustments:
 - Depreciation, amortisation and impairment of intangible 
assets, property, plant, and equipment (PPE) and 
right-of-use assets
13 a, 14 
a, 15
116,923
168,146
32,908
86,259
 - Loss from disposal of non–current assets
47,637
22,284
42,650
17,007
 - Interest expense
11
8,877
10,355
9,033
10,963
 - Interest income
11
(1,558)
(2,137)
(10,840)
(12,780)
 - Fair value loss / (income) on derivative financial 
instruments
8
13,057
(1,242)
13,325
(1,242)
 - Dividends from subsidiaries
16
–
–
(24,978)
(41,743)
 - Decrease in provisions
27
(2,334)
(1,434)
(991)
(531)
 - Unrealised (income) / loss on currency translation 
differences
11
(30)
105
(31)
105
 - Gain from distribution of assets / non-current financial 
investment of Parent Company
–
(5,001)
–
(36,246)
Cash flows from operations before changes in working 
capital
257,502
313,721
140,596
176,640
(Increase) / decrease in inventories
(123,375)
36,205
(120,807)
39,061
(Increase) / decrease in receivables from contracts with 
customers and other receivables
(50,545)
(31,821)
(20,030)
69,643
Increase / (decrease) in trade and other liabilities
62,145
(6,659)
86,289
(28,311)
Impact of non-cash offsetting of operating receivables 
and liabilities from subsidiaries, net
29 e
–
–
276,415
200,140
Cash generated from operating activities
145,727
311,446
362,463
457,173
Interest paid
(9,462)
(11,517)
(9,331)
(12,195)
Interest paid on leases
15
(81)
(87)
(15)
(8)
Interest received
2,432
2,118
2,432
1,192
Paid corporate income tax
(6,867)
(10,766)
–
–
Net cash flows generated from operating activities
131,749
291,194
355,549
446,162
EUR’000
 
Notes
Group
Parent Company
2021
2020
 
2021
2020
Cash flows from investing activities
Loans issued to subsidiaries, net
29 e
–
–
(327,164)
(286,688)
Repayment of loans to related parties
29 e
86,672
138,560
86,672
138,560
Purchase of intangible assets and PPE
(189,749)
(184,748)
(92,055)
(68,937)
Dividends received from subsidiaries
16
–
–
2,927
12,426
Proceeds from redemption of other financial investments
16,836
50
16,836
50
Net cash flows used in investing activities
(86,241)
(46,138)
(312,784)
(204,589)
Cash flows from financing activities
Repayment of issued debt securities (bonds)
23
–
(35,000)
–
(35,000)
Proceeds on issued debt securities (bonds)
23
50,000
–
50,000
–
Proceeds on borrowings from financial institutions
23
79,997
39,500
75,000
35,000
Repayment of borrowings from financial institutions
23
(77,928)
(143,176)
(75,830)
(138,692)
Received financing from European Union
748
1,515
748
1,351
Lease payments
15
(1,195)
(1,024)
(280)
(161)
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests
21 b
(2,508)
(1,819)
–
–
Dividends paid to equity holder of the Parent Company
21 b
(98,246)
(127,071)
(98,246)
(127,071)
Net cash flows used in financing activities
(49,132)
(267,075)
(48,608)
(264,573)
 
Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents
(3,624)
(22,019)
(5,843)
(23,000)
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year
19
100,703
122,722
98,261
121,261
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year
19
97,079
100,703
92,418
98,261
The notes on pages 16 to 64 are an integral part of these Financial Statements
This document is signed with a secure digital signature and contains a time stamp
The Management Board of Latvenergo AS:
Mārtiņš Čakste	
Dmitrijs Juskovecs	
Guntars Baļčūns	
Kaspars Cikmačs	
Harijs Teteris
Chairman of the Management Board	
Member of the Management Board	
Member of the Management Board	
Member of the Management Board	
Member of the Management Board
Liāna Ķeldere
Accounting director of Latvenergo AS
12 April 2022
15
15

--- Page 168 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
Notes to the Financial Statements
1. Corporate information
All shares of public limited company Latvenergo, parent company of Latvenergo Group (hereinafter – 
Latvenergo AS or the Parent Company) are owned by the Republic of Latvia and are held by the 
Ministry of Economics of the Republic of Latvia. The registered address of the Parent Company is 
12 Pulkveža Brieža Street, Riga, Latvia, LV–1230. According to the Energy Law of the Republic of 
Latvia, Latvenergo AS is designated as a national economy object of State importance and, therefore, 
is not subject to privatisation.
Latvenergo AS is power supply utility engaged in electricity and thermal energy generation, as well as 
sales of electricity and natural gas. Latvenergo AS is one of the largest corporate entities in the Baltics.
Latvenergo AS heads the Latvenergo Group (hereinafter – the Group) that includes the following 
subsidiaries:
 
y Sadales tīkls AS (since 18 September 2006) with 100% interest held,
 
y Elektrum Eesti OÜ (since 27 June 2007) and its subsidiaries Elektrum Latvija SIA (since 
18  September  2012), Energiaturu Võrguehitus OÜ (since 25 August 2021), Baltic Energy 
System OÜ (since 25 August 2021) and SNL Energia 1 OÜ (since 25 August 2021) all with 100% 
interest held,
 
y Elektrum Lietuva, UAB (since 7 January 2008) with 100% interest held,
 
y Liepājas enerģija SIA (since 6 July 2005) with 51% interest held,
 
y Enerģijas publiskais tirgotājs AS (since 25 February 2014, on 31 March 2021 reorganised into a 
limited liability company (SIA)) with 100% interest held.
From 10 February 2011 till 10 June 2020 the Group included Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS with 
100% interest held in the company.
Latvenergo AS and its subsidiaries Sadales tīkls AS and Enerģijas publiskais tirgotājs SIA are also 
shareholders with 48.15% interest held in company Pirmais Slēgtais Pensiju Fonds AS (Latvenergo AS 
holds 46.30% of interest) that manages a defined–contribution corporate pension plan in Latvia.
Latvenergo AS shareholding in subsidiaries, associates and other non–current financial investments 
are disclosed in Note 16.
The Management Board of Latvenergo AS:
 
y Since 6 November 2020 the Management Board of Latvenergo AS was comprised of the following 
members: Guntars Baļčūns (Chairman of the Board), Kaspars Cikmačs and Arnis Kurgs,
 
y On 29 January 2021, Uldis Mucinieks was elected as Member of the Management Board and 
since 1 February 2021 the Management Board of Latvenergo AS was comprised of the following 
members: Guntars Baļčūns (Chairman of the Board), Kaspars Cikmačs, Arnis Kurgs and Uldis 
Mucinieks,
 
y Since 3 January 2022 the Management Board of Latvenergo AS was comprised of the following 
members: Mārtiņš Čakste (Chairman of the Board), Dmitrijs Juskovecs, Guntars Baļčūns, Kaspars 
Cikmačs, Harijs Teteris.
The Supervisory Board of Latvenergo AS:
 
y Since 11 June 2020 the Supervisory Board of Latvenergo AS was comprised of the following 
members: Ivars Golsts (Chairman), Kaspars Rokens (Deputy Chairman), Toms Siliņš, Aigars Laizāns 
and Gundars Ruža.
The Supervisory body – Audit Committee:
 
y Since 20 November 2020 Audit Committee was comprised of the following members: Torbens 
Pedersens (Torben Pedersen), Svens Dinsdorfs, Toms Siliņš and Gundars Ruža,
 
y Since 3 February 2021 Audit Committee was comprised of the following members: Torbens 
Pedersens (Torben Pedersen), Svens Dinsdorfs, Ilvija Grūba, Toms Siliņš and Gundars Ruža.
The Latvenergo Group’s and Latvenergo AS auditor is the certified audit company Ernst & Young Baltic SIA 
(40003593454) (licence No. 17) and certified auditor in charge is Diāna Krišjāne, certificate No. 124.
The Management Board of Latvenergo AS has approved the Latvenergo Group and Latvenergo  AS 
Financial statements 2021 on 12 April 2022. The Financial Statements are subject to Shareholder’s 
approval on the Shareholder’s Meeting.
2. Summary of significant accounting policies
The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these Financial Statements as a whole are 
set out below, while remaining accounting policies are described in the notes to which they relate. These 
policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.
The Financial Statements of the Latvenergo Group and Latvenergo AS are prepared in accordance with 
the International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted for use in the European Union (IFRS). Due to 
the European Union’s endorsement procedure, the standards and interpretations not approved for use in 
the European Union are also presented in this note as they may have impact on the Financial Statements 
in the following periods if endorsed.
The Financial Statements are prepared under the historical cost convention, except for some financial 
assets and liabilities (including derivative financial instruments and non-current financial investments) 
measured at fair value and certain property, plant and equipment carried at revalued amounts as disclosed 
in the accounting policies presented below.
The Financial Statements for 2021 include the financial information in respect of the Latvenergo Group and 
Latvenergo AS for the year ended 31 December 2021 and comparative information for 2020. Where it has 
been necessary, comparatives for 2020 are reclassified using the same principles applied for preparation 
of the Financial Statements for 2021.
The Latvenergo Group’s and Latvenergo AS Financial Statements have been prepared in euros (EUR) 
currency and all amounts shown in these Financial Statements except non-monetary items are presented 
in thousands of EUR (EUR’000).
All figures, unless stated otherwise are rounded to the nearest thousand. Certain monetary amounts, 
percentages and other figures included in this report are subject to rounding adjustments. On occasion, 
therefore, amounts shown in tables may not be the arithmetic accumulation of the figures that precede 
them, and figures expressed as percentages in the text and in tables may not total 100 percent.
16

--- Page 169 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
The preparation of the Financial Statements in conformity with IFRS requires the use of estimates and 
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets 
and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses 
during the reporting period. Although these estimates are based on the Management’s best knowledge 
of current events and actions, actual results ultimately may differ from those. The areas involving a higher 
degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the 
Financial Statements are disclosed in Note 4.
Adoption of new and/or changed IFRS, International Accounting Standards (IAS) and 
International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) interpretations
a) Standards issued and which became effective, and are relevant for the Company’s and the 
Group’s operations
 
y Interest Rate Benchmark Reform – Phase 2 – IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16 
(Amendments)
In August 2020, the IASB published Interest Rate Benchmark Reform – Phase 2, Amendments to IFRS 9, 
IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16, completing its work in response to IBOR reform. The amendments 
provide temporary reliefs which address the financial reporting effects when an interbank offered rate 
(IBOR) is replaced with an alternative nearly risk-free interest rate (RFR). In particular, the amendments 
provide for a practical expedient when accounting for changes in the basis for determining the contractual 
cash flows of financial assets and liabilities, to require the effective interest rate to be adjusted, equivalent 
to a movement in a market rate of interest. Also, the amendments introduce reliefs from discontinuing 
hedge relationships including a temporary relief from having to meet the separately identifiable requirement 
when an RFR instrument is designated as a hedge of a risk component. There are also amendments to 
IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures to enable users of financial statements to understand the effect 
of interest rate benchmark reform on an entity’s financial instruments and risk management strategy. While 
application is retrospective, an entity is not required to restate prior periods. The amendments had no 
impact on the financial statements of the Group and the Company.
 
y IFRS 16 Leases – Covid–19 Related Rent Concessions (Amendment)
The amendment applies, retrospectively, to annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 June 2020. 
Earlier application is permitted, including in financial statements not yet authorized for issue on 
28 May 2020. IASB amended the standard to provide relief to lessees from applying IFRS 16 guidance 
on lease modification accounting for rent concessions arising as a direct consequence of the covid-19 
pandemic. The amendment provides a practical expedient for the lessee to account for any change 
in lease payments resulting from the covid-19 related rent concession the same way it would account 
for the change under IFRS 16, if the change was not a lease modification, only if all of the following 
conditions are met:
 
y The change in lease payments results in revised consideration for the lease that is substantially the 
same as, or less than, the consideration for the lease immediately preceding the change.
 
y Any reduction in lease payments affects only payments originally due on or before 30 June 2021.
 
y There is no substantive change to other terms and conditions of the lease.
The Group and the Company as a lessee have not used such reliefs and amendments had no impact 
on the financial statements of the Group and the Company.
b) Standards and its amendments issued and not yet effective, but are relevant for the 
Company’s and the Group’s operations
 
y IFRS 17: Insurance Contracts
The standard is effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2021 with earlier application 
permitted if both IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers and IFRS 9 Financial Instruments 
have also been applied. In its March 2020 meeting the Board decided to defer the effective date to 2023. 
IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts establishes principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation, and 
disclosure of insurance contracts issued. It also requires similar principles to be applied to reinsurance 
contracts held and investment contracts with discretionary participation features issued. The objective 
is to ensure that entities provide relevant information in a way that faithfully represents those contracts. 
This information gives a basis for users of financial statements to assess the effect that contracts within 
the scope of IFRS 17 have on the financial position, financial performance, and cash flows of an entity. 
The Group and the Company will assess the impact of this standard on their financial statements to 
determine whether it may have a material effect on the Group’s and the Company’s financial statements 
and additional information disclosures.
 
y IFRS 17: Insurance Contracts (Amendments)
The amendments to IFRS 17 are effective, retrospectively, for annual periods beginning on or after 
1  January  2023, with earlier application permitted. The amendments aim at helping companies 
implement the Standard. In particular, the amendments are designed to reduce costs by simplifying 
some requirements in the Standard, make financial performance easier to explain and ease transition by 
deferring the effective date of the Standard to 2023 and by providing additional relief to reduce the effort 
required when applying IFRS 17 for the first time. The Group and the Company will assess the impact of 
these amendments on their financial statements to determine whether they may have a material effect 
on the Group’s and the Company’s financial statements and additional information disclosures.
 
y IFRS 17: Insurance contracts – Initial Application of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 – Comparative 
Information (Amendments)
The amendment is effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023, with 
early application permitted respectively with IFRS 17. For entities that first apply IFRS 17 and IFRS 
9 at the same time, the amendment adds a transition option for a “classification overlay”, relating to 
comparative information of financial assets. An entity applying the classification overlay to a financial 
asset shall present comparative information as if the classification and measurement requirements of 
IFRS 9 had been applied to that financial asset. Also, in applying the classification overlay to a financial 
asset, an entity is not required to apply the impairment requirements of IFRS 9. The amendment is aimed 
at helping entities to avoid temporary accounting mismatches between financial assets and insurance 
contract liabilities, and therefore improve the usefulness of comparative information for users of financial 
statements. These amendments have not yet been endorsed by the EU. The Group and the Company 
will assess the impact of these amendments on their financial statements to determine whether they may 
have a material effect on the Group’s and the Company’s financial statements and additional information 
disclosures.
17

--- Page 170 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
 
y Amendment in IFRS 10 Consolidated Financial Statements and IAS 28 Investments in 
Associates and Joint Ventures: Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its 
Associate or Joint Venture
The amendments address an acknowledged inconsistency between the requirements in IFRS 10 and 
those in IAS 28, in dealing with the sale or contribution of assets between an investor and its associate 
or joint venture. The main consequence of the amendments is that a full gain or loss is recognised 
when a transaction involves a business (whether it is housed in a subsidiary or not). A partial gain or 
loss is recognised when a transaction involves assets that do not constitute a business, even if these 
assets are housed in a subsidiary. In December 2015 the IASB postponed the effective date of this 
amendment indefinitely pending the outcome of its research project on the equity method of accounting. 
The amendments have not yet been endorsed by the EU. The Group and the Company will assess the 
impact of these amendments on their financial statements to determine whether they may have a material 
effect on the Group’s and the Company’s financial statements and additional information disclosures.
 
y IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements: Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non–
current (Amendments)
The amendments were initially effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022 
with earlier application permitted. However, in response to the Covid–19 pandemic, the Board has 
deferred the effective date by one year, i.e. 1 January 2023, to provide companies with more time to 
implement any classification changes resulting from the amendments. The amendments aim to promote 
consistency in applying the requirements by helping companies determine whether, in the statement 
of financial position, debt and other liabilities with an uncertain settlement date should be classified as 
current or non-current. The amendments affect the presentation of liabilities in the statement of financial 
position and do not change existing requirements around measurement or timing of recognition of any 
asset, liability, income, or expenses, nor the information that entities disclose about those items. Also, the 
amendments clarify the classification requirements for debt which may be settled by the company issuing 
own equity instruments.
In November 2021, the Board issued an exposure draft (ED), which clarifies how to treat liabilities that are 
subject to covenants to be complied with, at a date subsequent to the reporting period. In particular, the 
Board proposes narrow scope amendments to IAS 1 which effectively reverse the 2020 amendments 
requiring entities to classify as current, liabilities subject to covenants that must only be complied with 
within the next twelve months after the reporting period if those covenants are not met at the end of 
the reporting period. Instead, the proposals would require entities to present separately all non-current 
liabilities subject to covenants to be complied with only within twelve months after the reporting period. 
Furthermore, if entities do not comply with such future covenants at the end of the reporting period, 
additional disclosures will be required. The proposals will become effective for annual reporting periods 
beginning on or after 1 January 2024 and will need be applied retrospectively in accordance with IAS 8, 
while early adoption is permitted. The Board has also proposed to delay the effective date of the 2020 
amendments accordingly, such that entities will not be required to change current practice before the 
proposed amendments come into effect. These Amendments, including ED proposals, have not yet been 
endorsed by the EU. The Group and the Company will assess the impact of these amendments on their 
liabilities and financial statements to determine whether they may have a material effect on the Group’s 
and the Company’s financial position.
 
y IFRS 3 Business Combinations; IAS 16 Property, Plant and Equipment; IAS 37 Provisions, 
Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets as well as Annual Improvements 2018–2020 
(Amendments)
The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022 with earlier 
application permitted. The IASB has issued narrow-scope amendments to the IFRS Standards as follows:
 
y IFRS 3 Business Combinations (Amendments) update a reference in IFRS 3 to the Conceptual 
Framework for Financial Reporting without changing the accounting requirements for business 
combinations.
 
y IAS 16 Property, Plant and Equipment (Amendments) prohibit a company from deducting from 
the cost of property, plant and equipment amounts received from selling items produced while the 
company is preparing the asset for its intended use. Instead, a company will recognise such sales 
proceeds and related cost in profit or loss.
 
y IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets (Amendments) specify which costs a 
company includes in determining the cost of fulfilling a contract for the purpose of assessing whether 
a contract is onerous.
 
y Annual Improvements 2018–2020 make minor amendments to IFRS 1 First-time Adoption of 
International Financial Reporting Standards, IFRS 9 Financial Instruments, IAS 41 Agriculture and the 
Illustrative Examples accompanying IFRS 16 Leases
The Group and the Company will assess the impact of these amendments on their financial statements to 
determine whether they may have a material effect on the Group’s and the Company’s financial statements 
and information disclosures.
 
y IFRS 16 Leases – Covid–19 Related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June 2021 (Amendment)
The Amendment applies to annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 April 2021, with earlier 
application permitted, including in financial statements not yet authorized for issue at the date the 
amendment is issued. In March 2021, the Board amended the conditions of the practical expedient in 
IFRS 16 that provides relief to lessees from applying the IFRS 16 guidance on lease modifications to rent 
concessions arising as a direct consequence of the Covid–19 pandemic. Following the amendment, the 
practical expedient now applies to rent concessions for which any reduction in lease payments affects 
only payments originally due on or before 30 June 2022, provided the other conditions for applying the 
practical expedient are met. The Group and the Company, as a lessee, does not intend to use such 
concessions and the Company’s financial statements will not be impacted by this amendment.
 
y IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements and IFRS Practice Statement 2: Disclosure of 
Accounting policies (Amendments)
The Amendments are effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023 with earlier 
application permitted. The amendments provide guidance on the application of materiality judgements 
to accounting policy disclosures. In particular, the amendments to IAS 1 replace the requirement to 
disclose ‘significant’ accounting policies with a requirement to disclose ‘material’ accounting policies. 
Also, guidance and illustrative examples are added in the Practice Statement to assist in the application of 
the materiality concept when making judgements about accounting policy disclosures. The Group and the 
Company will assess the impact of these amendments on their financial statements to determine whether 
they may have a material effect on the Group’s and the Company’s financial statements and information 
disclosures.
18

--- Page 171 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
 
y IAS 8 Accounting policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors: Definition of 
Accounting Estimates (Amendments)
The amendments become effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023 
with earlier application permitted and apply to changes in accounting policies and changes in accounting 
estimates that occur on or after the start of that period. The amendments introduce a new definition 
of accounting estimates, defined as monetary amounts in financial statements that are subject to 
measurement uncertainty. Also, the amendments clarify what changes in accounting estimates are 
and how these differ from changes in accounting policies and corrections of errors. The Group and 
the Company will assess the impact of these amendments on their financial statements to determine 
whether they may have a material effect on the Group’s and the Company’s financial statements and 
information disclosures.
 
y IAS 12 Income taxes: Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single 
Transaction (Amendments)
The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023 with earlier 
application permitted. In May 2021, the Board issued amendments to IAS 12, which narrow the scope of 
the initial recognition exception under IAS 12 and specify how companies should account for deferred tax on 
transactions such as leases and decommissioning obligations. Under the amendments, the initial recognition 
exception does not apply to transactions that, on initial recognition, give rise to equal taxable and deductible 
temporary differences. It only applies if the recognition of a lease asset and lease liability (or decommissioning 
liability and decommissioning asset component) give rise to taxable and deductible temporary differences 
that are not equal. The Amendments have not yet been endorsed by the EU. The Group and the Company 
will assess the impact of these amendments on their financial statements to determine whether they may 
have a material effect on the Group’s and the Company’s financial statements and information disclosures.
Consolidation
a) Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries are all entities over which the Group has control. The Group controls an entity where the 
Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the 
ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the activities of the entity. 
Subsidiaries’ financial reports are consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Parent 
Company and are no longer consolidated from the date when control ceases. General information about 
entities included in consolidation and its primary business activities are disclosed in Note 16.
The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for the acquisition of subsidiaries. The cost of 
an acquisition is measured, as the fair value of the assets given, equity instruments issued, and liabilities 
incurred or assumed at the date of exchange. Costs directly attributable to the acquisition are expensed 
to the Statement of Profit or Loss as incurred. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent 
liabilities assumed in a business combination are measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date.
Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between the Group’s entities 
are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated but considered an impairment indicator of the 
asset transferred. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to ensure 
consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.
b) Transactions with non–controlling interests and owners
The Group treats transactions with non–controlling interests as transactions with equity owners of the 
economic entity. Changes in a Parent’s ownership interest in a subsidiary that do not result in the Parent 
losing control over the subsidiary are equity transactions (i.e. transactions with owners in their capacity 
as owners). For purchases from non–controlling interests, the difference between any consideration paid 
and the relevant share acquired of the carrying value of net assets of the subsidiary is recorded in the 
Group’s equity.
c) Distributions of non-cash assets to owners
The Parent Company recognises a liability for dividend payable to its owner when it declares a distribution 
and has an obligation to distribute the assets concerned to its owner. A liability to distribute non-cash 
assets as a dividend to its owner is measured at the fair value of the assets to be distributed. When 
dividend payable is settled, the difference, if any, between the carrying amount of the assets distributed 
and the carrying amount of the dividend payable is recognised in profit or loss.
Foreign currency translation
a) Functional and presentation currency
Items included in the Financial Statements are measured using the currency of the primary economic 
environment in which the Group’s entity operates (“the functional currency”). The Financial Statements 
have been prepared in euros (EUR), which is the Parent Company’s functional currency, and presented in 
thousands of EUR. All figures, unless stated otherwise are rounded to the nearest thousand.
b) Transactions and balances
All transactions denominated in foreign currencies are translated into functional currency at the exchange 
rates prevailing at the date of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign 
currencies are translated into functional currency using the exchange rate at the last day of the reporting 
year. The resulting gain or loss is charged to the Statement of Profit or Loss. Non-monetary items that are 
measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the 
dates of the initial transactions.
Financial assets and liabilities
Financial Assets
The Group and the Parent Company classify its financial assets under IFRS 9 in the following measurement 
categories: 
 
y those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through other comprehensive income or 
through profit or loss), and 
 
y those to be measured at amortised cost.
The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and the 
contractual terms of the cash flows. Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where 
those cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost.
For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses is either recorded in profit or loss or in other 
comprehensive income. For investments in equity instruments that are not held for trading, this depends 
19

--- Page 172 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
on whether the Group and the Parent Company have made an irrevocable election at the time of initial 
recognition to account for the equity investment at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI).
The Group and the Parent Company reclassify debt investments when and only when its business model 
for managing those assets changes.
All financial instruments are initially measured at fair value plus, in the case of a financial asset or financial 
liability not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs.
Purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within a time frame established by 
regulation or convention in the market place (regular way trades) are recognised on the trade date, i.e., 
the date when the Group and the Parent Company commits to purchase or sell the asset.
Debt instruments
Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s and the Parent Company’s 
business model for managing the asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. The Group and the 
Parent Company classify all of their debt instruments:
 
y at Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash 
flows represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost. Any gain or 
loss arising on de-recognition is recognised directly in profit or loss. Impairment losses are presented 
as separate item in the statement of profit or loss position ‘Other operating expenses’.
Equity instruments
The Group and the Parent Company subsequently measure all equity investments at fair value. Where 
the Group’s or the Parent Company’s management has elected to present fair value gains and losses on 
equity investments in other comprehensive income (OCI), there is no subsequent reclassification of fair 
value gains and losses to profit or loss following the de–recognition of the investment. Dividends from 
such investments continue to be recognised in profit or loss when the Group’s and the Parent Company’s 
right to receive payments is established.
Impairment losses (and reversal of impairment losses) on equity investments measured at FVOCI or 
financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss (FVPL) are not reported separately from other 
changes in fair value.
Financial Liabilities
Financial liabilities are classified as measured at amortised cost or FVPL. A financial liability is classified 
as at FVPL if it is classified as held-for-trading, it is a derivative or it is designated as such on initial 
recognition. Financial liabilities at FVPL are measured at fair value and net gains or losses, including any 
interest expense, are recognised in profit or loss. Other financial liabilities are subsequently measured at 
amortised cost using the effective interest method. Interest expense and foreign exchange gains and 
losses are recognised in profit or loss.
De-recognition
A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial 
assets) is derecognised when:
 
y the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired,
 
y the Group and the Parent Company have transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset 
or has assumed an obligation to pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third 
party under a ‘pass–through’ arrangement; and either (a) the Group and the Parent Company have 
transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) the Group and the Parent 
Company have neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, 
but has transferred control of the asset.
The Group and the Parent Company derecognise a financial liability when its contractual obligations are 
discharged or cancelled, or expire. The Group and the Parent Company also derecognise a financial liability 
when its terms are modified and the cash flows of the modified liability are substantially different, in which 
case a new financial liability based on the modified terms is recognised at fair value. On de-recognition of 
a financial liability, the difference between the carrying amount extinguished and the consideration paid 
(including any non-cash assets transferred or liabilities assumed) is recognised in profit or loss.
Impairment
The Group and the Parent Company assess on a forward-looking basis the expected credit loss associated 
with their debt instruments carried at amortised cost. The impairment methodology applied depends 
on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk. Rules for estimating and recognising 
impairment losses are described in Note 4 b. 
The Group and the Parent Company have applied two expected credit loss models: counterparty model 
and portfolio model.
Counterparty model is used on individual contract basis for deposits, investments in State Treasury bonds, 
loans to subsidiaries and cash and cash equivalents. The expected credit losses according to this model 
for those are based on assessment of the individual counterparty’s risk of default based on Moody’s 
12 months corporate default and recovery rates if no significant increase in credit risk is identified. The 
circumstances indicating a significant increase in credit risk is significant increase in Moody’s default and 
recovery rates (by 1 percentage point) and counterpart’s inability to meet payment terms (overdue 30 
days or more, insolvency or bankruptcy, or initiated similar legal proceedings and other indications on 
inability to pay). If significant increase in credit risk identified, calculated lifetime expected credit loss.
For estimation of expected credit loss for unsettled revenue on mandatory procurement public service 
obligation (PSO) fee, individually significant other receivables and other receivables of energy industry 
companies and related parties the Group and the Parent Company apply the simplified approach and 
record lifetime expected losses based on corporate default and recovery rates.
Portfolio model is used for trade receivables by grouping together receivables with similar risk 
characteristics and the days past due and defined for basic business activities. For trade receivables 
grouped by portfolio model the Group and the Parent Company apply the simplified approach and record 
lifetime expected losses on receivables based on historically observed default rates, adjusted for forward-
looking estimates, if any significant exists.
Derivative financial instruments
Derivative financial instruments are carried as financial assets when the fair value is positive and as 
financial liabilities when the fair value is negative. The Group and the Parent Company have decided to 
continue to apply hedge accounting requirements of IAS 39. Accounting principles for derivative financial 
instruments are disclosed in Note 24.
20

--- Page 173 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
3. Financial risk management
3.1. Financial risk factors
The Group’s and the Parent Company’s activities expose them to a variety of financial risks: market risk 
(including currency risk, interest rate risk and price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group’s and 
the Parent Company’s overall risk management programme focuses on the unpredictability of financial 
markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Group’s and the Parent Company’s 
financial performance. The Group and the Parent Company use derivative financial instruments to hedge 
certain risk exposures.
Risk management (except for price risk) is carried out by the Parent Company’s Treasury department (the 
Group Treasury) according to the Financial Risk Management Policy approved by the Parent Company’s 
Management Board. The Group Treasury identifies, evaluates and hedges financial risks in close co–
operation with the Group’s operating units / subsidiaries. The Parent Company’s Management Board by 
approving the Financial Risk Management Policy provides written principles for overall risk management, 
as well as written policies covering specific areas, such as interest rate risk, foreign exchange risk, liquidity 
risk, and credit risk, use of financial instruments and investment of excess liquidity. Price risk management 
is carried out by the Parent Company’s Electricity Trading department according to Electricity Wholesale 
Regulation approved by the Parent Company’s Management Board.
Financial assets and financial liabilities that are exposed to financial risks disclosed in the table below by measurement categories
EUR’000
Notes
Group
Parent Company
Financial assets 
at amortised cost
Derivatives used for hedging
Financial instruments at fair 
value through profit or loss
Financial assets 
at amortised cost
Derivatives used for hedging
Financial instruments at fair 
value through profit or loss
Financial assets as of 31 December 2021
 
Receivables from contracts with customers
18 a
181,136
–
–
110,638
–
–
Other current financial receivables
18 b
 
57,498
–
–
43,212
–
–
Loans to related parties
29 e
–
–
–
706,378
–
–
Derivative financial instruments
24 I
–
25,735
–
–
25,466
–
Other financial investments 
22
–
–
–
–
–
–
Cash and cash equivalents
19
97,079
–
–
92,418
–
–
335,713
25,735
–
952,646
25,466
–
Financial assets as of 31 December 2020
 
 
 
 
 
 
Receivables from contracts with customers
18 a
108,178
–
–
75,856
–
–
Other current financial receivables
18 b
84,864
–
–
29,328
–
–
Loans to related parties
29 e
86,620
–
–
742,229
–
–
Derivative financial instruments
24 I
–
503
1,054
–
503
1,054
Other financial investments 
22
16,836
–
–
16,836
–
–
Cash and cash equivalents
19
100,703
–
–
98,261
–
–
397,201
503
1,054
962,510
503
1,054
EUR’000
Notes
Group
Parent Company
Financial liabilities 
at amortised cost
Derivatives used for hedging
Financial instruments at fair 
value through profit or loss
Financial liabilities 
at amortised cost
Derivatives used for hedging
Financial instruments at fair 
value through profit or loss
Financial liabilities as of 31 December 2021
 
Borrowings
23
795,029 
–
–
782,322 
–
–
Derivative financial instruments
24 I
–
18,520
–
–
18,520
–
Lease liabilities
15
8,428
–
–
5,226
–
–
Trade and other financial current payables
26
163,950
–
–
166,517
–
–
 
 
967,407
18,520
–
954,065
18,520
–
Financial liabilities as of 31 December 2020
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Borrowings
23
743,199
–
–
733,392
–
–
Derivative financial instruments
24 I
–
14,504
–
–
14,504
–
Lease liabilities
15
8,344
–
–
4,540
–
–
Trade and other financial current payables
26
76,429
–
–
51,664
–
–
827,972
14,504
–
789,596
14,504
–
21

--- Page 174 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
a) Market risk
I) Foreign currencies exchange risk
As of 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 the Group and the Parent Company had borrowings 
denominated only in euros (Note 23). Their revenues and most of the financial assets and liabilities 
were denominated in euros. Accordingly, neither the Group nor the Parent Company were subject to a 
significant foreign currencies exchange risk.
Foreign currencies exchange risk arises when future transactions or recognised assets or liabilities are 
denominated in a currency that is not the Group’s and the Parent Company’s functional currency.
The Group’s Treasury Financial Risk Management Policy is to hedge all anticipated cash flows (capital 
expenditure and purchase of inventory) in each major foreign currency that might create significant 
currency risk. During 2021 and 2020 the Group and the Parent Company had no capital expenditure 
project where expected transactions would create significant currency risk.
II) Interest rate risk
As the Group and the Parent Company have significant floating interest–bearing assets and liabilities 
exposed to interest rate risk, the Group’s, and the Parent Company’s financial income and operating cash 
flows are substantially dependent on changes in market interest rates.
During 2021 if euro interest rates had been 50 basis points higher with all other variables held constant, 
the Group’s income from the cash reserves held at bank for the year would have been EUR 750 thousand 
higher (2020: EUR 488 thousand) and the Parent Company’s income from the cash reserves held at bank 
for the year would have been EUR 739 thousand higher (2020: EUR 476 thousand).
The Group’s and the Parent Company’s cash flow interest rate risk mainly arises from long–term borrowings 
at variable rates. They expose the Group and the Parent Company to a risk that finance costs might 
increase significantly when interest rates rise up. The Group’s policy is to maintain more than 35% of its 
borrowings as fixed interest rates borrowings (considering the effect of interest rate swaps) with duration 
between 1–4 years.
The Group and the Parent Company analyse their interest rate risk exposure on a dynamic basis. Various 
scenarios are simulated taking into consideration refinancing, renewal of existing positions and hedging. 
Based on these scenarios, the Group and the Parent Company calculate the impact on profit and loss as 
well as on cash flows of a defined interest rate shift.
Generally, the Group and the Parent Company raise long–term borrowings from financial institutions at 
floating rates and based on the various scenarios, the Group and the Parent Company manage their 
cash flow interest rate risk by using floating–to–fixed interest rate swaps. Such interest rate swaps have 
the economic effect of converting borrowings from floating rates to fixed rates. Thereby fixed rates are 
obtained that are lower than those available if the Group and the Parent Company borrowed at fixed rates 
directly. Under the interest rate swaps, the Group and the Parent Company agree with other parties to 
exchange, at specified intervals (primarily semi–annually), the difference between fixed contract rates and 
floating–rate interest amounts calculated by reference to the agreed notional amounts.
To hedge cash flow interest rate risk, the Group and the Parent Company have entered into interest rate 
swap agreements with total notional amount of EUR 169 million (2020: EUR 193.8 million) (Note 24 II). 
37% of the total Group’s and 38% the Parent Company’s borrowings as of 31 December 2021 (31/12/2020: 
38% and 39% respectively) had fixed interest rate (considering the effect of the interest rate swaps) and 
average fixed rate duration was 1.5 years for the Group and the Parent Company (2020: 1.6 years for the 
Group and the Parent Company).
If interest rates on euro denominated borrowings at floating base interest rate (after considering hedging 
effect) had been 50 basis points higher with all other variables held constant over the period until the 
next annual report, the Group’s profit for the year would have been EUR 633 thousand lower (over 
the next 12 months period after 31/12/2020: EUR 661 thousand), the Parent Company’s profit for the 
year would have been EUR 631 thousand lower (over the next 12 months period after 31/12/2020: 
EUR 654 thousand).
As of 31 December 2021, if short–term and long–term euro interest rates had been 50 basis points higher 
with all other variables held constant fair value of interest rate swaps would have been EUR 2,688 thousand 
higher (31/12/2020: EUR 3,698 thousand higher), which would have been attributable to the Statement 
of Comprehensive Income as hedge accounting item. However, if short–term and long–term euro interest 
rates had been 50 basis points lower with all other variables held constant fair value of interest rate swaps 
would have been EUR 2,778 thousand lower (31/12/2020: EUR 3,832 thousand lower), which would 
have been attributable to the Statement of Comprehensive Income as hedge accounting item and an 
ineffective portion recognised in the Statement of Profit or Loss.
III) Price risk
Price risk is the risk that the fair value and cash flows of financial instruments will fluctuate in the future due 
to reasons other than changes in the market prices resulting from interest rate risk or foreign exchange 
risk. The purchase and sale of goods produced, and the services provided by the Group and the Parent 
Company under the free market conditions, as well as the purchases of resources used in production is 
impacted by the price risk.
The most significant price risk is related to purchase of electricity and natural gas. To hedge the risk 
related to changes in the price of electricity and natural gas the Parent Company during 2021 and 2020 
has purchased electricity forward and future contracts and natural gas forward contracts (Note 24 III, IV).
b) Credit risk
Credit risk is managed at the Group level. Credit risk arises from cash and cash equivalents, derivative 
financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss (FVPL), other financial assets carried at amortised 
cost, including outstanding receivables. Credit risk concentration in connection with receivables is 
limited due to broad range of the Group’s and the Parent Company’s customers. The Group and the 
Parent Company have no significant concentration of credit risk with any single counterparty or group 
of counterparties having similar characteristics, except receivables from state for unsettled revenue 
on mandatory procurement PSO fee, loans to and receivables from subsidiaries and receivables from 
transmission system operator (Augstsprieguma tīkls AS). When assessing the credit risk for the loans to 
subsidiaries the Parent Company considers that Latvenergo AS has granted loans to subsidiaries in which 
it holds all the shares, and accordingly monitors the operations and financial situation of the subsidiaries 
(borrowers). Impairment loss has been deducted from gross amounts.
The maximum credit risk exposure related to financial assets (see table below) comprises of carrying 
amounts of cash and cash equivalents (Note 19), receivables from contracts with customers and other 
receivables (Note 18), derivative financial instruments (Note 24), other financial investments (Note 22) and 
loans to related parties (Note 29 e).
22

--- Page 175 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
Assessment of maximum possible exposure to credit risk
EUR’000
 
Notes
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
Receivables from contracts with customers
18 a
181,136
108,178
110,638
75,856
Other current financial receivables
18 b
57,498
84,864
43,212
29,328
Loans to related parties
29 e
–
86,620
706,378
742,229
Cash and cash equivalents
19
97,079
100,703
92,418
98,261
Derivative financial instruments
24
25,735
1,557
25,466
1,557
Other financial investments
22
–
16,836
–
16,836
 
 
361,448
398,758
978,112
964,067
Under IFRS 9 the Group and the Parent Company measure the probability of default upon initial recognition 
of a receivable and at each balance sheet date consider whether there has been a significant increase of 
credit risk since the initial recognition (see Notes 2 and 18) 
For banks and financial institutions, independently rated parties with own or parent bank’s minimum rating 
of investment grade are accepted. Otherwise, if there is no independent rating, management performs 
risk control to assess the credit quality of the financial counterparty, considering its financial position, 
past co–operation experience and other factors. After performed assessment individual credit limits are 
set based on internal ratings in accordance with principles set by the Financial Risk Management Policy. 
Depending on set credit limits, the cash held in one bank or financial institution cannot exceed fifty percent 
of total balance of cash. The basis for estimating the credit quality of individually significant financial 
assets not past due is credit ratings assigned by the rating agencies or, in their absence, the earlier credit 
behaviour of clients and other parties to the contract.
Credit risk related to cash and short–term deposits with banks is managed by balancing the placement 
of financial assets in order to maintain the possibility to choose the best offers and to reduce probability 
to incur losses. Credit risk assessment related to receivables from contracts with customers and other 
financial receivables is described in Notes 4 b and 18.
The table below shows the balance of cash and cash equivalents by financial counterparties at the end 
of the reporting period:
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
 31/12/2021
31/12/2020
Investment level credit rating*
97,079
100,703
92,418
98,261
 
97,079
100,703
92,418
98,261
* Investment level credit rating assigned to the parent companies of banks
The table represents exposure to banks and financial counterparties broken down per rating class 
according to Moody’s rating scale. The expected credit losses are not significant (below 1%) as the majority 
of cash and cash equivalents are held at banks and financial institutions belonging to financial groups with 
investment level credit rating and financial assets are considered to have good credit worthiness.
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
 31/12/2021
31/12/2020
Aa2
–
22,289
–
20,882
Aa3
47,149
33,836
44,111
33,049
Baa1
37,085
35,106
36,030
34,860
Baa2
12,361
373
12,277
373
Baa3
484
9,099
–
9,097
 
97,079
100,703
92,418
98,261
Set limits of credit exposure to the financial counterparties were not exceeded during the reporting period, 
and the Group’s and the Parent Company’s management do not expect any losses arising from a potential 
default of financial counterparty, as assessed that financial counterparties’ credit risk are in Stage 1.
The Group and the Parent Company invest only in listed debt instruments with very low probability of 
default (State Treasury bonds).
c) Liquidity risk
Latvenergo Group’s liquidity and cash flow risk management policy is to maintain sufficient amount 
of cash and cash equivalents (Note 19) and the availability of long and short-term funding through an 
adequate amount of committed credit facilities in order to meet existing and expected commitments and 
compensate for fluctuations in cash flows due to the occurrence of a variety of financial risks.
The table below analyses the Group’s and the Parent Company’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity 
groupings based on the settlement terms. The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual 
undiscounted cash flows. Contractual undiscounted cash flows originated by the borrowings are 
calculated considering the actual interest rates at the end of the reporting period.
23

--- Page 176 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
Liquidity analysis (contractual undiscounted gross cash flows) 
EUR’000
 
Notes
Group
Parent Company
Less than 
1 year
From 1 to 
2 years
From 3 to 
5 years
Over 5 years
TOTAL
 
Less than 
1 year
From 1 to 
2 years
From 3 to 
5 years
Over 5 years
TOTAL
As of 31 December 2021
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Borrowings from financial institutions
82,164
179,927
241,707
154,564
658,362
79,723
175,468
238,351
151,638
645,180
Issued debt securities (bonds)
102,205
250
750
50,366
153,571
102,205
250
750
50,366
153,571
Derivative financial instruments
17,604
1,451
1,681
421
21,157
17,604
1,451
1,681
421
21,157
Lease liabilities* 
2,085
1,635
3,765
1,237 
8,722
1,214
972
2,457
813
5,456
Trade and other current financial payables
26
163,950
–
–
–
163,950
166,517
–
–
–
166,517
 
368,008
183,263
247,903
206,588
1,005,762
367,263
178,141
243,239
203,238
991,881
As of 31 December 2020
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Borrowings from financial institutions
111,778
52,815
325,072
169,886
659,551
109,564
50,625
321,690
167,427
649,306
Issued debt securities (bonds)
1,900
102,079
–
–
103,979
1,900
102,079
–
–
103,979
Derivative financial instruments
7,248
4,926
3,424
1,237
16,835
7,248
4,926
3,424
1,237
16,835
Lease liabilities* 
1,755
1,675
3,522
2,137
9,089
871
871
2,111
930
4,783
Trade and other current financial payables
26
76,429
–
–
–
76,429
51,664
–
–
–
51,664
 
199,110
161,495
332,018
173,260
865,883
171,247
158,501
327,225
169,594
826,567
* The carrying amount of the lease (discounted) for the Group is EUR 8,428 thousand and for the Parent Company EUR 5,226 thousand (31 December 2020: Group – EUR 8,344 thousand, Parent Company – EUR 4,540 thousand) (Note 15))
3.2. Capital management
The Group’s and the Parent Company’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s 
and the Parent Company’s ability to continue as a going concern as well as to ensure necessary financing 
for investment program and to avoid breaches of covenants (no breaches in 2021 nor 2020), which are 
linked to capital structure and are stipulated in the majority of loan agreements.
In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group and the Parent Company may evaluate 
the amount and timing of raising new debt due to investment programs or initiate new investments in 
the share capital by shareholder. To comply with loan covenants, the Group and the Parent Company 
monitor capital on the basis of the capital ratio.
This ratio is calculated by dividing the equity by the sum of total assets. According to the Group’s 
strategy and defined loan covenants as per loan agreements the capital ratio shall be maintained at least 
at 30% level.
The capital ratio figures were as follows
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
 31/12/2021
31/12/2020
Total equity
2,123,448
2,118,242
1,761,070
1,746,436
Total assets
3,475,890
3,358,835
2,915,587
2,760,155
Capital Ratio
61%
63%
 
60%
63%
4. Critical accounting estimates and judgements
Estimates and judgments are regularly evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, 
including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. The 
Group and the Parent Company make estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting 
accounting estimates will, by definition, seldom equal the related actual results. 
The Management of the Group and the Parent Company has assessed the situation at the end of the 
reporting period and has determined that the spread of Covid–19 and related restrictions have not created 
a significant negative impact on the Group’s and the Parent Company’s financial results, considering the 
nature and continuity of services provided by the Group and the Parent Company. As disclosed in the 
Management Report, the Group and the Parent Company continued to ensure generation of electricity 
and thermal energy, as well as uninterrupted and accessible trade and distribution of electricity and natural 
gas to all its customers.
The Group’s and the Parent Company’s operations were not significantly disrupted during Covid–19 in 
2021, and the Management of the Group and the Parent Company does not expect significant disruptions 
in the future performance that could impact the Group’s and the Parent Company’s ability to continue as 
a going concern and the measurement of assets and liabilities.
The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying 
amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are discussed below:
a) Estimates concerning property, plant and equipment
I) Useful lives of property, plant and equipment
The Group and the Parent Company make estimates concerning the expected useful lives and residual 
values of property, plant and equipment. These are reviewed at the end of each reporting period and 
are based on the past experience as well as industry practice. For the assets that are planned to be 
24

--- Page 177 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
reconstructed, the remaining useful life is determined to be till the date of reconstruction. Previous 
experience has shown that the actual useful lives have sometimes been longer than the estimates. Values 
of fully depreciated property, plant and equipment are disclosed in Note 14 a. Quantifying an impact of 
potential changes in the useful lives is deemed impracticable therefore sensitivity analysis is not disclosed.
II) Recoverable amount of property, plant and equipment
The Group and the Parent Company perform impairment tests for items of property, plant and equipment 
when the events and circumstances indicate a potential impairment. For the items of PPE are defined 
separate cash–generating units. According to these tests’ assets are written down to their recoverable 
amounts, if necessary. When carrying out impairment tests management uses various estimates for the 
cash flows arising from the use of the assets, sales, maintenance and repairs of the assets, as well as 
in respect of the inflation and discount rates. The estimates are based on the forecasts of the general 
economic environment, consumption and the estimated sales price of electricity. If the situation changes 
in the future, either additional impairment could be recognised, or the previously recognised impairment 
could be partially or fully reversed. Such factors as high maintenance and reconstruction costs, low load 
of several auxiliaries, comparatively substantial maintenance expense, limited facilities to sell property, 
plant and equipment in the market and other essential factors have an impact of decreasing of the 
recoverable amounts. Impairment charges recognised during the current reporting year are disclosed 
in Note 14 d.
III) Revaluation
Revaluation for part of the Group’s and the Parent Company’s property, plant and equipment are 
performed by independent, external and certified valuation experts by applying the depreciated 
replacement cost model or income method. Valuation has been performed according to international 
standards on property valuation, based on current use of property, plant and equipment that is estimated 
as the most effective and best use of these assets. As a result of valuation, depreciated replacement 
cost was determined for each asset. Depreciated replacement cost is the difference between the cost 
of replacement or renewal of similar asset at the time of revaluation and the accumulated loss of an 
asset’s value that encompasses physical deterioration, functional (technological) obsolescence and 
economic (external) obsolescence. Physical depreciation was determined proportionally to the age of 
the property, plant and equipment item. In assessment of property, plant and equipment items for 
which a reconstruction is planned in the near future additional functional depreciation was determined. 
Remaining useful lives of property, plant and equipment items after revaluation were revised according 
to estimated total depreciation. Income method is based on the identification and analysis of generation 
capacity, forecasting of electricity trade prices, analysis of historical generation and operating expenses 
and forecast of future costs, capital expenditure, net cash flows, as well calculation of discount and 
capitalisation rates, based on market data.
PPE are revalued regularly but not less frequently than every five years. Revaluation may be performed 
more frequently if there is a significant and sustained increase in the civil engineering construction costs. 
The revaluation process is initiated if the increase in the civil engineering construction costs exceeds 
10% for two consecutive quarters since the previous revaluation, according to data of the Central 
Statistical Bureau, and is expected long lasting increase in the costs.
For detailed most recent revaluation results see Note 14 c.
b) Impairment of financial assets
The Group and the Parent Company have the following types of financial assets that are subject to the 
expected credit loss model:
 
y non–current and current loans to related parties
 
y other non–current receivables
 
y other financial investments
 
y receivables from contracts with customers
 
y other current receivables
 
y cash and cash equivalents.
The loss allowances for financial assets are based on assumptions about risk of default and expected 
loss rates. The Group and the Parent Company use judgement in making these assumptions and 
selecting the inputs to the calculation of expected credit losses, based on the Group’s and the Parent 
Company’s past history, existing market conditions as well as forward looking estimates at the end of 
each reporting period.
The Group and the Parent Company apply two expected credit loss models: portfolio model and 
counterparty model (Note 2 and 18).
Using the portfolio model the Group and the Parent Company apply the IFRS 9 simplified approach to 
measuring expected credit losses which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance for trade receivables 
of basic business activities (electricity, natural gas and heat and supporting services sales, IT and 
telecommunication services sales). To measure expected credit losses these receivables have been 
grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics and the days past due. The Group and the Parent 
Company therefore have concluded that the expected loss rates for these receivables are a reasonable 
approximation of the credit risk exposure. The expected loss rates are based on the payment profiles 
of sales and the corresponding historical credit losses experienced. There are no adjustments made to 
the historical loss rates that would reflect current and forward–looking information on macroeconomic 
factors affecting the ability of the customers to settle the receivables, as the Group and the Parent 
Company has assumed that macro–economic situation and its future projections do not have significant 
impact on expected credit loss.
Counterparty model is used on individual contract basis for non–current and current loans to related 
parties, other financial investments and cash and cash equivalents. If no significant increase in credit 
risk is identified, the expected credit losses according to this model are based on assessment of the 
individual counterparty’s or counterparty’s industry risk of default and recovery rate assigned by Moody’s 
credit rating agency for 12 months expected losses rates. The circumstances indicating a significant 
increase in credit risk is significant increase in Moody’s default and recovery rates (by 1 percentage 
point) and counterparty’s inability to meet payment terms (overdue 30 days or more, insolvency or 
bankruptcy, or initiated similar legal proceedings and other indications on inability to pay). If significant 
increase in credit risk is identified, lifetime expected credit loss is calculated.
Counterparty model is also used for other non–current and current financial receivables, individually 
significant receivables, receivables of energy industry companies and related parties by calculating 
lifetime expected losses based on corporate default and recovery rates.
None of the Group’s and the Parent Company’s other financial investments measured at amortised 
cost (investments in State Treasury bonds) have significant increase in credit risk and therefore are 
25

--- Page 178 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
considered to have low credit risk (Moody’s credit rating – A3) and are in Stage 1, the loss allowance 
therefore was immaterial and wasn’t recognised. 
While cash and cash equivalents are also subject to the expected credit loss requirements of IFRS 9, 
the identified expected credit loss was immaterial, also considering fact that almost all of cash and cash 
equivalents are held in financial institutions with the credit rating grade of the institution or its parent 
bank at investment grade credit rating (mostly ‘A level’ credit rating) (Stage 1).
c) Estimates concerning revenue recognition from contracts with customers
I) Recognition of mandatory procurement PSO fees
The Group and the Parent Company have applied significant judgement for use of agent principle for 
recognition of mandatory procurement PSO fee (see also Note 6).
Management has considered the following indicators that the Group and the Parent Company are acting 
as agents because:
 
y do not have control over the mandatory procurement PSO fee before transferring to the customer,
 
y have duty for including the mandatory procurement PSO fee in invoices issued to the end customers 
but are not entitled for revenues from mandatory procurement PSO fee. These fees are determined 
by state support mechanism and are covered by all electricity end-users in proportion to their 
electricity consumption,
 
y have no discretion in establishing mandatory procurement PSO fees price, either directly or indirectly.
II) Recognition of distribution system services and transmission system services (Parent 
Company)
Management has evaluated that it does not have influence and control over distribution system services 
and transmission system services, therefore the Parent Company acts as an agent. In particular, 
Management has considered the following indicators that the Parent Company is acting as an agent 
because:
 
y does not control provision of distribution system and transmission system services,
 
y includes the distribution system and transmission system services in invoices issued to the customers 
on behalf of distribution system operator or transmission system operator and receives payment, 
but is not entitled to the respective revenues,
 
y has no discretion in distribution system or transmission system services price, either directly or 
indirectly (see also Note 6).
III) Recognition of connection service fees to distribution system (Group)
Connection fees to distribution system are not considered as separate (distinct) performance obligations, 
as are not distinct individually or within the context of the contract. Sales of distribution services are 
provided after customers have paid for the network connection, therefore network connection fees and 
sales of distribution services are highly interdependent and interrelated.
Income from connection and other income for reconstruction of distribution system assets on demand 
of clients are deferred as an ongoing service is identified as part of agreement to provide distribution 
system services with customers and accounted as deferred income (contract liabilities) from contracts 
with customers under IFRS 15 (see Note 6 and 28). Connection fees are recognised as income over 
the estimated customer relationship period. Based on Management estimate, 20 years is the estimated 
customer relationship period, which is estimated as period after which requested power output for 
connection object could significantly change due to technological reasons.
Thus period over which revenue is recognised is based on Management estimate, as it is reasonably 
certain that assets, whose costs are partly reimbursed by connection service fees, will be used to 
provide distribution system services for a longer period than the term stated in agreement with the 
customer (Note 6).
d) Recognition and reassessment of provisions
As of 31 December 2021, the Group had set up provisions for post–employment benefits and 
termination benefits totalling EUR 15.7 million (31/12/2020: EUR 19.2 million) and the Parent Company 
in amount of EUR 7.5 million (31/12/2020: EUR 8.7 million) (Note 27). The amount and timing of the 
settlement of these obligations is uncertain. A number of assumptions and estimates have been used 
to determine the present value of provisions, including the amount of future expenditure, inflation 
rates, and the timing of settlement of the expenditure. The actual expenditure may also differ from the 
provisions recognised as a result of possible changes in legislative norms, technology available in the 
future to restore environmental damages, and expenditure covered by third parties. For revaluation of 
provisions for post–employment obligations probabilities of retirement in different employees’ aging 
groups as well as variable demographic factors and financial factors (including expected remuneration 
increase and determined changes in benefit amounts) have been estimated. The probabilities and 
other factors are determined on the basis of previous experience. According to defined development 
directions per Strategy of Latvenergo Group for the period 2017–2022, management of the Parent 
Company approved the Strategic Development and Efficiency Programme. Provisions for employees’ 
termination benefits are recognised on a basis of Strategic Development and Efficiency Programme of 
Latvenergo Group for the period in which it is planned to implement the efficiency program (including 
Latvenergo AS and Sadales tīkls AS efficiency activities), by which it is intended to reduce gradually 
the number of employees by the year 2022. The key assumptions made to determine the amount of 
provisions are provided in Note 27.
e) Evaluation of effectiveness of hedging instruments
The Group and the Parent Company have concluded significant number of forward and future contracts 
and swap agreements to hedge the risk of the changes in prices of electricity and natural gas as well as 
interest rate fluctuations to which cash flow risk hedge accounting is applied and the gains and losses 
from changes in the fair value of the effective hedging instruments and items secured against risk are 
included in respective equity reserve. The evaluation of the effectiveness of the hedging is based on 
Management’s estimates with regard to future purchase transactions of electricity and natural gas and 
signed variable interest loan agreements. When hedging instruments turn out to be ineffective, gains/
losses from the changes in the fair value are recognised in the Statement of Profit or Loss (Note 25).
f) Recognition of connection service fees to transmission system (IFRS 16) (discontinued 
operation)
Connection fees to transmission system are recognised as income over the estimated lease period. The 
estimated lease period is based on the Management estimate.
Income from connection to transmission system and other service fees is deferred as an ongoing 
service is identified as part of the agreement with the lessee. Operating lease agreement term is 5 years, 
the period over which revenue from connection fees is recognised is longer, as it is reasonably certain 
26

--- Page 179 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
that assets, whose costs are partly reimbursed by connection fees will be leased for a longer period 
than defined original lease term.
g) Recognition of one-off compensation in relation to cogeneration power plants
In October 2017, the Parent Company applied for a one-off compensation from the state, at the same 
time opting out of the receipt of 75% of the guaranteed annual payments for installed electrical capacity 
in combined heat and power plant CHPP–1 and CHPP–2. The one-off compensation was calculated 
as 75% of the discounted future guaranteed payments for installed electrical capacity. Conditional grant 
part recognised as deferred income in the Group’s and the Parent Company’s statement of financial 
position (Note 28) and to be allocated to income on a straight–line basis until fulfilling obligation till the 
end of the support period – 23 September 2028 (Note 7).
h) Deferred tax recognition
The untaxed profits of the subsidiaries are subject to deferred tax charge in the Consolidated Financial 
Statements to the extent that the Parent Company as a shareholder will decide in a foreseeable future 
on distribution of this profit through dividends which will be taxed on distribution with tax rate 20/80 of 
net expense  (Note 12). Management of the Parent Company has made judgement on the expected 
timing and extent of the distribution profits of subsidiaries and recognised in the Group’s Consolidated 
Financial Statements deferred tax liability related to profit of its subsidiaries to be distributed.  
i) Recognition of financial security for participating in commodities exchange
Management of the Parent Company had initially estimated the financial collateral for securing the 
operations in Nasdaq Commodities exchange as a liquid asset, but with a restriction (restricted cash 
and cash equivalents) that could be fully recoverable without penalties over a 3–months period after 
termination of participation in exchange.
As of 31 December 2021 the management of the Parent Company revised its judgements (estimates) 
and considering that the Parent Company has no intention to discontinue trade operations in Nasdaq 
Commodities exchange, considering that electricity and natural gas financial transactions are part of the 
Parent Company’s activities, and therefore these assets should not be estimated as liquid and should 
be recognised as non–current or current financial receivables (Note 18).
j) Fair values
The fair value of the financial assets and liabilities is the price that would be received to sell an asset or 
paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. 
Fair values are estimated based on market prices and discounted cash flow models as appropriate. 
The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets is based on quoted market prices at the 
end of reporting period. The quoted market prices used for financial assets held by the Group and the 
Parent Company are the actual closing prices. The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded 
in active market is determined by using valuation techniques. The Group and the Parent Company use 
a variety of methods and make assumptions that are based on market conditions existing at end of 
reporting period. Estimated discounted cash flows are used to determine fair value for the remaining 
financial instruments.
All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are 
categorised within fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is 
significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:
 
y Level 1: fair value of assets is based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical 
assets or liabilities
 
y Level 2: fair value of assets is based on other observable market data, directly or indirectly
 
y Level 3: fair value of assets is based on non–observable market data.
The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:
a) the fair values of revalued property, plant and equipment are equal to revalued amounts, that are 
based on periodic valuations by external independent valuers or by the Group’s or the Parent Company’s 
management, less subsequent accumulated depreciation, and subsequent accumulated impairment 
losses (Level 3),
b) The management of the Group and the Parent Company assessed that cash and short–term 
deposits, receivables, trade payables, bank overdrafts and other current liabilities approximate their 
carrying amounts largely due to the short–term maturities of these instruments (Level 3),
c) Non-current financial investments in Pirmais Slēgtais Pensiju Fonds AS are valued at acquisition 
cost not at fair value because the Group and the Parent Company are only a nominal shareholder in 
the Pension Fund that is a non–profit company, and all risks and benefits arising from Pension Fund 
activities and investments in the pension plan are taken and accrued by the members of the Pension 
Fund pension plan (Level 3),
d) The fair values of borrowings with floating interest rates approximate their carrying amount, as their 
actual floating interest rates approximate the market price of similar financial instruments available to 
the Group and the Parent Company, i.e., the floating part of the interest rate corresponds to the money 
market price while the added part of the interest rate corresponds to the risk premium the lenders in 
financial and capital markets require from companies of similar credit rating level (Level 2),
e) The fair value of loans to subsidiaries with fixed rates calculations are based on discounted cash 
flows using discount factor of respective maturity EUR swap rates increased by average market margin 
of short–term financing (Level 2),
f) The Group and the Parent Company enter into derivative financial instruments with various 
counterparties, financial institutions, and energy utility company, with investment grade credit ratings. 
The derivative financial instruments are determined by using various valuation methods and models 
with market observable inputs. The models incorporate the credit quality of counterparties, foreign 
exchange spot and forward rates. The fair values of interest rate swaps are obtained from corresponding 
bank’s revaluation reports and in financial statements fair values of financial instruments as specified 
by banks are disclosed. To make sure the fair values of interest rate swaps are accurate in any material 
aspect, the Group and the Parent Company makes its own interest rate swaps fair value calculations 
by discounting financial instruments future contractual cash flows using 6 months Euribor swap rate 
curve. The fair value of electricity forward and future contracts and natural gas swap contracts is 
calculated as discounted difference between actual market and settlement prices for the volume set in 
the agreements. If counterparty is a bank, calculated fair values of financial instruments are compared 
to bank’s revaluation reports and the bank’s calculated fair values of the financial instruments are used in 
the financial reports; In case of electricity forward and future contracts and natural gas swap contracts 
are concluded with counterparties, fair values as calculated by the Group and the Parent Company are 
disclosed in Financial Statements (Level 2),
27

--- Page 180 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
g) The fair value of the bonds issued are calculated by discounting their future cash flows using the market 
quoted yield to maturity rates of the respective bonds as of the end of the reporting year as discount factor 
(Level 2),
h) The fair value of investment properties is determined using the income method, by discounting 
expected future cash flows. In 2021, the nominal pre–tax discount rate used to determine the fair value 
of investments is 4,37% (2020: 4.40%) as included in the electricity distribution and transmission system 
service tariff calculation methodology (Level 3).
5. Operating segment information
For segment reporting purposes, the division into operating segments is based on internal management 
structure, which is the basis for the reporting system, performance assessment and the allocation of 
resources by the operating segment decision maker – management of the Group’s company operating 
in each of segments. The Management Board of the Parent Company reviews financial results of 
operating segments.
The profit measure monitored by the chief operating decision maker primarily is EBITDA, but it also 
monitors operating profit. In separate financial statements operating profit excludes the dividend 
income and interest income from subsidiaries. The subsidiaries operate independently from the Parent 
Company under the requirements of EU and Latvian legislation and their businesses are different from 
that of the Parent Company. Therefore, the Parent Company’s chief operating decision maker monitors 
the performance of the Parent Company and makes decisions regarding allocation of resources based 
on the operating results of the Parent Company. 
The Group divides its operations into three main operating segments – generation and trade, distribution, 
and lease of transmission system assets. The Parent Company divides its operations into one main 
operating segment – generation and trade.
In addition, corporate functions, that cover administration and other support services, are presented in 
the Group and the Parent Company as separate segment.
Corporate functions provide management services to subsidiaries as well as provides IT and 
telecommunication, rental services to external customers.
Generation and trade comprise the Group’s electricity and thermal energy generation operations, 
which are organised into the legal entities: Latvenergo AS and Liepājas enerģija SIA; electricity 
and natural gas trade (including electricity and natural gas wholesale) in the Baltics carried out by 
Latvenergo AS, Elektrum Eesti OÜ (including its subsidiaries – Energiaturu Võrguehitus OÜ, Baltic 
Energy System OÜ and SNL Energia 1 OÜ) and Elektrum Lietuva, UAB, as well as administration of the 
mandatory procurement process provided by Enerģijas publiskais tirgotājs SIA.
The operations of the distribution operating segment relate to the provision of electricity distribution 
services in Latvia and is managed by the subsidiary Sadales tīkls AS (the largest distribution system 
operator in Latvia).
The operations of the lease of transmission system (till 10 June 2020) assets operating 
segment are managed by Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS – the owner of transmission system assets 
(330 kV and 110 kV transmission lines, substations, and distribution points), which provides financing 
of investments in these assets. In the financial statements this operating segment is classified as 
discontinued operation (Note 30).
28

--- Page 181 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
EUR'000
Group
Parent Company
Generation 
and trade
Distribution
Lease of 
transmission 
system assets*
Corporate 
functions
TOTAL 
segments
Adjustments 
and 
eliminations
TOTAL 
Group
Generation 
and trade
Corporate 
functions
TOTAL 
segments
Adjustments 
and 
eliminations
TOTAL 
Parent 
Company
2021
Revenue
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
External customers
754,357
303,289
–
7,573
1,065,219
–
1,065,219
562,765
30,020
592,785
–
592,785
Inter-segment
1,068
1,175
–
46,422
48,665
(48,665)
–
1,044
25,226
26,270
(26,270)
–
TOTAL revenue
755,425
304,464
–
53,995
1,113,884
(48,665)
1,065,219
563,809
55,246
619,055
(26,270)
592,785
Results
EBITDA
80,386
105,732
–
12,695
198,813
–
198,813
70,968
14,307
85,275
–
85,275
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment 
of intangible assets, property, plant and 
equipment and right-of-use assets
(25,169)
(80,841)
–
(10,913)
(116,923)
–
(116,923)
(21,773)
(11,135)
(32,908)
–
(32,908)
Segment profit before tax
55,217
24,891
–
1,782
81,890
(6,960)
74,930
49,195
3,172
52,367
27,153
79,520
Segment assets at the end of the year
1,473,344
1,801,062
–
104,221
3,378,627
97,263
3,475,890
1,341,057
130,516
1,471,573
1,444,014
2,915,587
Segment liabilities at the end of the year
299,658
190,597
–
19,027
509,282
843,160
1,352,442
329,381
20,196
349,577
804,940
1,154,517
Capital expenditure
32,545
84,786
–
9,397
126,728
–
126,728
20,123
9,422
29,545
–
29,545
2020
Revenue
External customers
471,247
294,927
15,967
7,217
789,358
–
789,358
354,686
30,926
385,612
–
385,612
Inter-segment
984
1,380
1,594
45,856
 49,814
(49,814)
–
535
24,341
24,876
(24,876)
–
TOTAL revenue
472,231
296,307
17,561
 53,073
839,172
(49,814)
789,358
355,221
55,267
 410,488
(24,876)
385,612
Results
EBITDA
159,120
105,870
16,554
12,904
294,448
–
294,448
148,180
49,709
197,889
–
197,889
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment 
of intangible assets, property, plant and 
equipment and right-of-use assets
(77,751)
(67,623)
(11,602)
(11,170)
(168,146)
–
(168,146)
(74,681)
(11,578)
(86,259)
–
(86,259)
Segment profit before tax
81,369
38,247
4,952
1,734
126,302
(8,658)
117,644
73,499
38,131
111,630
43,218
154,848
Segment assets at the end of the year
1,263,651
1,795,034
–
95,907
3,154,592
204,243
3,358,835
1,131,977
125,634
1,257,611
1,502,544
2,760,155
Segment liabilities at the end of the year
231,837
190,086
–
15,567
437,490
803,103
1,240,593
232,318
16,765
249,083
764,636
1,013,719
Capital expenditure
40,560
87,431
28,796
12,144
168,931
(76)
168,855
38,851
12,148
50,999
–
50,999
* In the financial statements operating segment of lease of transmission system assets is classified as discontinued operation (Note 30)
The following table presents revenue, financial results and profit information and segment assets and 
liabilities of the Group’s and the Parent Company’s operating segments. Inter–segment revenue is eliminated 
on consolidation and reflected in the ‘adjustments and eliminations’ column. All transactions between 
segments are made based on the regulated tariffs, where applicable, or on an arm’s length principle.
29

--- Page 182 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
The Group’s and the Parent Company’s revenue from external customers (Note 6)
EUR'000
Group
Parent Company
Generation 
and trade
Distribution
Lease of 
transmission 
system assets*
Corporate 
functions
TOTAL 
segments
TOTAL 
Group
Generation 
and trade
Corporate 
functions
TOTAL 
segments
TOTAL 
Parent 
Company
2021
Revenue from contracts with customers recognised over time:
 
 
 
 
Trade of energy and related supply services
666,966
3,228
–
–
670,194
670,194
490,614
–
490,614
490,614
Distribution system services
1
282,949
–
–
282,950
282,950
–
–
–
–
Heat sales
84,123
91
–
10
84,224
84,224
71,215
10
71,225
71,225
Other revenue
3,267
16,949
–
5,636
25,852
25,852
936
26,600
27,536
27,536
Total revenue from contracts with customers
754,357
303,217
–
5,646
1,063,220
1,063,220
562,765
26,610
589,375
589,375
Other revenue:
Other revenue
–
72
–
1,927
1,999
1,999
–
3,410
3,410
3,410
Total other revenue
–
72
–
1,927
1,999
1,999
–
3,410
3,410
3,410
TOTAL revenue, including
754,357
303,289
–
7,573
1,065,219
1,065,219
562,765
30,020
592,785
592,785
Latvia
416,545
303,288
–
7,289
727,122
727,122
399,513
28,392
427,905
427,905
Outside Latvia
337,812
1
–
284
338,097
338,097
163,252
1,628
164,880
164,880
2020
Revenue from contracts with customers recognised over time:
Trade of energy and related supply services
414,617
3,150
–
14 
417,781
417,781
310,839
14
310,853
310,853
Distribution system services
1
275,586
–
–
275,587
275,587
–
–
–
–
Heat sales
53,349
67
–
12
53,428
53,428
42,623
12
42,635
42,635
Other revenue
3,280
16,029
–
5,647
24,956
24,956
1,414
26,789
28,203
28,203
Total revenue from contracts with customers
471,247
294,832
–
 5,673 
771,752
771,752
354,876
26,815
381,691
381,691
Other revenue:
Lease of transmission system assets
–
–
15,631
–
15,631
15,631
–
–
–
–
Lease of other assets
–
95
–
1,544
1,639
1,639
–
3,921
 3,921 
 3,921 
Other revenue
–
–
336
–
336
336
–
–
–
–
Total other revenue
–
 95 
 15,967 
 1,544 
17,606
17,606
–
 3,921 
 3,921 
 3,921 
TOTAL revenue, including 
 471,247
294,927
15,967
7,217
789,358
789,358
354,876
30,736
385,612
385,612
Latvia
319,542
294,926
15,967
6,917
637,352
637,352
303,461
29,330
332,791
332,791
Outside Latvia
151,705
1
–
300
152,006
152,006
51,415
1,406
52,821
52,821
* In the financial statements operating segment of lease of transmission system assets is classified as discontinued operation (Note 30)
30

--- Page 183 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
Adjustments and eliminations
Finance income and expenses, fair value gains and losses on financial assets, interest rate swaps 
(derivative financial instruments) and deferred taxes are not allocated to individual segments as the 
underlying instruments are managed on a group basis. Taxes and certain financial assets and liabilities, 
including loans and borrowings are not allocated to those segments as they are also managed on a group 
basis.
Capital expenditure consists of additions of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and 
investment properties including assets from the acquisition of subsidiaries.
Reconciliation of profit before tax
EUR’000
 
Notes
Group
Parent Company
2021
2020
2021
2020
EBITDA
198,813
294,448
85,275
197,889
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment of intangible 
assets, PPE and right-of-use assets
(116,923)
(168,146)
(32,908)
(86,259)
Segment profit before tax
81,890
126,302
52,367
111,630
Finance income
11
2,110
2,125
11,391
12,768
Finance costs
11
(9,070)
(10,783)
(9,216)
(11,293)
Dividends received from subsidiaries 
16 
–
–
24,978
41,743
Profit before tax
74,930
117,644
79,520
154,848
Reconciliation of assets
EUR’000
 
Notes
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
Segment operating assets
3,378,627
3,154,592
1,471,573
1,257,611
Non-current financial investments
16
40
40
645,218
645,218
Loans to related parties
29 e
–
86,620
706,378
742,229
Other financial investments
22
–
16,836
–
16,836
Prepayment for income and other taxes
 
144
44
–
–
Cash and cash equivalents
19
97,079
100,703
92,418
98,261
Total assets
3,475,890
3,358,835
2,915,587
2,760,155
Reconciliation of liabilities
EUR’000
 
Notes
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
Segment operating liabilities
 
509,282
437,490
349,577
249,083
Deferred income tax liabilities
2,955
6,401
–
     – 
Borrowings
23
795,029
743,199
782,322
733,392
Derivative financial instruments
24
4,312
9,504
4,312
9,504
Provisions and other payables
 
40,864
43,999
18,306
21,740
Total liabilities
 
1,352,442
1,240,593
1,154,517
1,013,719
Non–current assets that consist of intangible assets, property, plant and equipment and investment 
properties are located in the Group’s country of domicile – Latvia.
Revenue from major customer in 2021 for the Group amounted to EUR 71,406 thousand and for the 
Parent Company EUR 71,388 thousand (2020: EUR 51,089 thousand and EUR 50,857 thousand) arising 
from sales by the generation and trade segment.
6. Revenue
Accounting policy
Revenue from contracts with customers (IFRS 15)
Revenue from contracts with customers in scope for IFRS 15 encompasses sold goods or services provided 
as output of the entity’s ordinary activities. The Group and Parent Company use the following criteria to identify 
contracts with customers:
 
y the parties to the contract have approved the contract (in writing, orally or in accordance with other customary 
business practices) and are committed to perform their respective obligations,
 
y each party’s rights regarding the goods or services to be transferred can be identified,
 
y the payment terms for the goods or services to be transferred can be identified,
 
y the contract has commercial substance (i.e. the risk, timing or amount of the entity’s future cash flows is 
expected to change as a result of the contract),
 
y it is probable that the company will collect the consideration to which it will be entitled in exchange for the goods 
or services that will be transferred to the customer.
In evaluating whether collectability of an amount of consideration is probable, the Group and the Parent Company 
use portfolio approach practical expedient for all energy and related supply services, distribution system services and 
heat sales customers. Group and the Parent Company reasonably expect that the effects on the financial statements 
from applying these requirements to the portfolio would not differ materially from applying the requirements to the 
individual contracts within the portfolio. Collectability is assessed individually for other customers.
The Group and the Parent Company consider only the customer’s ability and intention to pay that amount of 
consideration when it is due.
Performance obligations are promises in the contracts (either explicitly stated or implied) with Group’s and the 
Parent Company’s customers to transfer to the customers either distinct goods or services, or series of distinct 
goods or services that are substantially the same and that have the same pattern of transfer to the customer.
Promised goods or services represent separate performance obligations if the goods or services are distinct. A 
promised good or service is considered distinct if the customer can benefit from the good or service on its own or 
with other readily available resources (i.e. distinct individually) and the good or service is separately identifiable from 
other promises in the contract (distinct within the context of the contract). Both of these criteria must be met to 
conclude that the good or service is distinct.
Major distinct performance obligations identified in the contracts with customers by the Group and the Parent 
Company include sale of energy and related supply services, provision of distribution system services and sale of 
heat. The Group has assessed that connecting a customer to the distribution network as a separate performance 
obligation is not distinct within the context of the contract due to being highly interrelated to sales of distribution 
services (Note 4 c III).
Where contracts with customers include variable consideration, the Group and the Parent Company estimate at 
contract inception the variable consideration expected over the life of the respective contracts and update that 
estimate each reporting period. A constrained variable consideration is identified in relation to sales of distribution 
system services.
The Group and the Parent Company recognise revenue when (or as) it satisfies a performance obligation to transfer 
a promised good or service to a customer. Revenue is recognised when customer obtains control of the respective 
good or service.
31

--- Page 184 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
The Group and the Parent Company use output method to measure progress towards complete satisfaction of 
a performance obligations. Revenue from sale of energy and related supply services, provision of distribution 
system services and sale of heat are recognised over time as a continuous delivery of these goods and services 
is made over the term of the respective contracts.
Revenue from satisfied performance obligations under such contracts is recognised over time, if one of the 
following criteria is met:
 
y customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits,
 
y customer controls the asset as it is created or enhanced,
 
y the Group’s and Parent Company’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use and the 
Group and Parent Company has a right to payment for performance completed.
Revenue from satisfaction of performance obligations is recognised based on identified transaction price. 
Transaction price reflects the amount to which the Group and the Parent Company expect to be entitled to in 
exchange for goods and services. It is allocated to the distinct performance obligations based on standalone 
selling prices of the goods or services promised in the contract. The Group and the Parent Company allocate 
transaction price to the distinct performance obligations in proportion to their observable stand-alone selling 
prices and recognises revenue as those performance obligations are satisfied.
Payment terms for goods or services transferred to customers according to contract terms are within 20 to 
45 days from the provision of services or sale of goods. Invoices are mostly issued monthly.
Trade of energy and related supply services
Revenue from electricity and natural gas sales are recognised on the basis of meter readings. Revenue from 
other energy and related supply services are recognised on the basis of goods delivered or provided services and 
prices included in contracts with customers. Revenues from trade of electricity in Nord Pool power exchange are 
based on the calculated market prices in accordance with contract terms, therefore ‘right to invoice’ practical 
expedient is used to recognise revenue from such contracts as the amount corresponds directly with the value 
of the performance completed to date.
Sales of distribution system services (the Group)
Revenues from electricity distribution services are based on regulated tariffs that are subject to approval by the 
Public Utilities Commission and regulations by Cabinet of Ministers of the Republic of Latvia ‘Regulations on 
electricity trade and usage’. The Group recognises revenue from sales of distribution system services at the end 
of each month based on the automatically made meter readings or customers’ reported meter readings, on the 
period in which the services are rendered. Revenue is recognised in the amount for which the Group has right to 
invoice.
From 1 December till 31 December 2021, in accordance with Regulations of the Cabinet of Ministers of the 
Republic of Latvia No. 50 ‘Regulations regarding the trade and use of electricity’, the government granted support 
for electricity distribution fee to all end-users in the amount of 50%, which is reimbursed from the state budget. The 
compensation mechanism for electricity end-users provides for a reduction of the electricity distribution system 
service fee by 50% of the service fee to the end-user, while not changing the distribution system tariffs.
Regulations of Cabinet of Ministers of the Republic of Latvia No. 50 ‘Regulations regarding the trade and use 
of electricity’ do not change agreement on the scope of provided services and do not change the approved 
distribution system tariffs, respectively does not change the Company’s revenue recognition principles, but the 
reception of the transaction fee and the payer for the services. The Company has the right to invoice for the full fee 
for the provided services: from customer at a reduced price within the specified period of time and the payment 
for the reduction in price has been received from the state.
Heat sales
Revenue from sales of thermal energy is recognised at the end of each month based on the meter readings and 
corresponds to the invoiced amount.
Sales of IT & telecommunication services
Other revenue mainly includes revenues derived from information technology services (internet connection services, 
data communication services), open electronic communication network and telecommunication services to 
customers. Revenues are recognised upon usage of services listed in telecommunications billing system. Revenue 
is recognised in the amount for which the Group and the Parent Company have right to invoice.
EUR’000
 
IFRS 
applied
Group
Parent Company
2021
2020
2021
2020
Revenue from contracts with customers 
recognised over time:
Trade of energy and related supply services
IFRS 15
670,194
417,781
490,614
310,853
Distribution system services
IFRS 15
282,950
275,587
–
–
Heat sales
IFRS 15
84,224
53,428
71,225
42,635
Other revenue
IFRS 15
25,852
24,956
27,536
28,203
TOTAL revenue from contracts with customers
1,063,220
771,752
589,375
381,691
Other revenue:
Lease of other assets 
IFRS 16
1,999
1,639
3,410
3,921
TOTAL other revenue
1,999
1,639
3.410
3,921
TOTAL revenue 
1,065,219
773,391
592,785
385,612
From 1 December till 31 December 2021, in accordance with Regulations of the Cabinet of Ministers of the 
Republic of Latvia No. 50 ‘Regulations regarding the trade and use of electricity’, the government granted 
support for electricity distribution fee to all end-users in the amount of 50% or EUR 13,008 thousand, 
which is reimbursed from the state budget and recognised as revenue from distribution system services 
(Note 2.9.). The compensation mechanism for electricity end-users provides for a reduction of the 
electricity distribution system service fee by 50% of the service fee to the end-user, while not changing 
the distribution system tariffs.
The Group and the Parent Company derive revenue from contracts with customers from Latvia and 
outside Latvia – Estonia, Lithuania, Nordic countries.
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
2021
2020
2021
2020
Latvia
725,123
619,746
424,553
328,870
Outside Latvia
338,097
152,006
164,822
52,821
TOTAL revenue from contracts with customers
1,063,220
771,752
589,375
381,691
Accounting policy
The Group and the Parent Company have assessed that in providing Mandatory procurement PSO fees it is acting 
as an agent due to lack of control over PSO fee (Note 4 c I). The Parent Company has also concluded that it is acting 
as an agent in the provision of distribution system services and transmission system services because the Parent 
Company has no control over these services (Note 4 c II).
Mandatory procurement PSO fees
Revenue from mandatory procurement PSO fees in the Group is recognised on net (agent) basis. PSO fee is 
managed within the context of mandatory procurement process by subsidiary Enerģijas publiskais tirgotājs SIA 
(hereinafter – EPT) and is the difference (residual) between the revenue from the sale of electricity in Nord Pool 
32

--- Page 185 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
power exchange by market price, received mandatory procurement PSO fee, received government grant for 
compensating the increase of mandatory procurement costs and the related costs – costs of purchased electricity 
under the mandatory procurement from electricity producers, as well as guaranteed fees for installed electrical 
capacity in cogeneration plants. EPT is acting as an agent in administration of the mandatory procurement process 
and receives revenue from mandatory procurement administration services (agent fee), which is recognised over 
time in the Group’s Statement of Profit or Loss as other revenue from contracts with customers.
PSO fees are included in invoices issued by trader (Parent Company – Latvenergo AS) and by distribution system 
operator (Sadales tīkls AS) and are paid by customers together with unite invoice for electricity and distribution or 
transmission system services. System operators have the obligation to collect revenues of PSO fees from customers 
or traders and further to transfer these revenues to EPT. PSO fees are based on regulated tariffs that are subject to 
approval by the Public Utilities Commission. Due to lack of influence and control over PSO fees, the Group and the 
Parent Company consider themselves an agent in these transactions. Therefore, PSO fees received from electricity 
end-users and transferred to EPT are recognised in the Statement of Profit or Loss in net amount by applying the 
agent accounting principles.
Distribution system and transmission system services (Parent Company)
The Parent Company on behalf of distribution system operator (DSO) and transmission system operator (TSO) 
issues unite invoice including the fees for the distribution system or transmission system services and transfers 
these fees to DSO or TSO accordingly.
Distribution system services and transmission system services are based on regulated tariffs that are subject to 
approval by the Public Utilities Commission. The Parent Company considers itself an agent in these transactions, 
therefore, the fees for distribution system and transmission system services received from customers and transferred 
to DSO and TSO are recognised in the Statement of Profit or Loss in net amount by applying the agent accounting 
principles.
Gross amounts invoiced to customers by applying agent accounting principle, 
recognised on net basis under trade of energy and related supply services
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
2021
2020
2021
2020
Mandatory procurement PSO fees 
62,603
84,665
64,537
88,177
Distribution system services
23,478
12,641
171,200
184,915
Transmission system services
1,744
1,654
1,758
1,686
Insurance intermediation
579
–
578
–
TOTAL revenue recognised applying agent accounting principle
88,404
98,960
238,073
274,778
Net effect in revenue from applying agent accounting principle is 0.
Accounting policy
Revenue from contracts with customers
Connection fees to distribution system (the Group)
Connection fees to distribution system are non-refundable upfront fees paid by customers to secure connection to 
the distribution network, such fees are not distinct performance obligations as are highly interrelated with distribution 
system services. Connection fees partly reimburse for the cost of infrastructure to be built needed to connect the 
respective customer to the network. Connection fees to distribution system fee is calculated in accordance with 
Latvian regulatory authority (Public Utilities Commission) stated methodology.
Revenue from connection fees to distribution system are initially recognised as deferred income (contract liabilities) 
and recognised over the estimated customer relationship period of 20 years (Note 4 c III).
Revenue from other sources
Lease of transmission system assets until 10 June 2020 (IFRS 16) (Group, discontinued 
operation (Note 30))
Revenues from lease of transmission system assets are recognised on the basis of lease payment amount which 
are calculated for transmission system operator accordingly to determined fee per lease agreement and recognised 
on a straight–line basis over term of the lease. Concluded agreements on the lease of transmission system assets 
meet IFRS 16 ‘Leases’ criteria that is used for revenue recognition from lease.
Connection fees to transmission system until 10 June 2020 (IFRS 16) (Group, discontinued 
operation (Note 30))
Revenue from connection fees to transmission system are received as upfront payments from lessee under lease 
agreement and are carried in the Statement of Financial Position as deferred income and amortised to Statement of 
Profit or Loss on a straight–line over basis estimated lease period (Note 4 f).
Electricity connection fees to transmission system are recognised by the Group based on the necessity for a 
connection to the transmission network based on the request of lessee, which acts on behalf of users. For 
each connection fee a separate arrangement within the base lease agreement is concluded. Connection fee 
to transmission system partly reimburses the cost of infrastructure to be built and is needed for connection of 
transmission system user to the network. Connection service fee to transmission system is calculated in accordance 
with Latvian regulatory authority (Public Utilities Commission) stated methodology.
Deferred income from contracts with customers
EUR’000
 
Notes
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
Non–current deferred income from connection fees
28 I, a
136,217
138,750
–
– 
Current deferred income from connection fees
28 II, a
14,794
14,167
–
– 
Non-current other deferred income
28 I, a
802
863
802
863
Current other deferred income
28 II, a
237
924
67
813
TOTAL liabilities
152,050
154,704
869
1,676
Movement in deferred connection fees – from contracts with customers for the 
Group (non–current and current part)
EUR’000
 
Notes
Group
Parent Company
2021
2020
2021
2020
At the beginning of the year 
154,704
157,094
1,676
940
Received connection fees for connection to distribution system
28
12,556
10,749
–
– 
Received advance payments for contracts with customers
28
–
808
–
808 
Credited to the Statement of Profit or Loss
(15,210)
(13,947)
(807)
(72)
At the end of the year
152,050
154,704
869
1,676
33

--- Page 186 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
7. Other income
EUR’000
 
Notes
Group
Parent Company
2021
2020
 
2021
2020
Compensation from the state on state support for the 
installed capacity of CHPPs
4 g
23,990
23,990
23,990
23,990
Profit from distribution of non–current financial investments
16
 – 
–
–
36,246
Fines and penalties
2,536
2,060
1,803
1,483
Net gain on sale of assets held for sale and property, plant 
and equipment
1,167
1,123
1,321
1,026
Compensations and insurance claims
779
535
503
238
Other operating income
956
1,024
129
194
TOTAL other income
29,428
28,732
27,746
63,177
8. Raw materials and consumables
EUR’000
 
Notes
Group
Parent Company
2021
2020
 
2021
2020
Energy costs:
Electricity and costs of related supply services
369,388
154,667
180,864
50,433
Electricity transmission services costs
29 a
73,747
71,054
3,053
957
Natural gas and other energy resources costs
259,160
117,185
248,699
111,151
Losses / (gains) on fair value changes on energy futures, 
forwards, and swaps
24 I
13,373
(1,242)
13,642
(1,242)
715,668
341,664
446,258
161,299
Raw materials, spare parts and maintenance costs
24,459
27,597
12,212
12,585
TOTAL raw materials and consumables used
740,127
369,261
458,470
173,884
Significant increase impacted mainly by significantly higher electricity purchase prices as well as higher 
natural gas and CO2 emission allowance prices. The Group and the Parent Company produce less 
electricity at its plants than it is sold to the Group’s and the Parent Company’s customers. The missing 
part was bought on the market at a higher price than fixed in our customer agreements, which had a 
negative impact on the energy costs. In 2021, the electricity spot price in Latvia was more than two and 
a half times higher compared to the previous year. The price of natural gas was almost five times higher, 
and the average price of CO2 emission allowances was more than two times higher.
9. Personnel expenses
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
2021
2020
 
2021
2020
Wages and salaries
78,564
79,457
34,359
34,603
State social insurance contributions
17,918
18,733
7,952
8,182
Expenditure of employment termination
3,719
1,783
392
275
Pension costs – defined contribution plan
4,739
3,612
2,014
1,571
Other benefits defined in the Collective Agreement
1,121
1,040
462
370
Life insurance costs
553
1,613
234
656
Capitalised personnel expenses
(991)
(267)
 – 
–
TOTAL personnel expenses, including remuneration to the 
management of continuing operations
105,623
105,971
45,413
45,657
Remuneration to the management including discontinued 
operation:
Wages and salaries
2,347
2,153
855
861
State social insurance contributions
547
516
201
208
Expenditure of employment termination
 5 
90
 – 
90
Pension costs– defined contribution plan
18
25
10
13
Life insurance costs
14
17
 – 
1
TOTAL remuneration to the management*
2,931
2,801
1,066
1,173
* Remuneration to the Group’s management includes remuneration to the members of the Management Boards of the Group entities, the Supervisory Board, 
and the Supervisory body (Audit Committee) of the Parent Company (including remuneration to management of discontinued operation in 2020 in the amount 
of EUR 160 thousand). Remuneration to the Parent Company’s management includes remuneration to the members of the Parent Company’s Management 
Board, the Supervisory Board, and the Supervisory body (Audit Committee).
The Group and the Parent Company make monthly contributions to a closed defined contribution pension 
plan on behalf of their employees. The plan is managed by the non–profit public limited company Pirmais 
Slēgtais Pensiju Fonds, with the participation of the Group companies amounting for 48.15% (Parent 
Company – 46.30%) of its share capital. A defined contribution plan is a pension plan under which the 
Group and the Parent Company pay contributions into the plan. The Group and the Parent Company have 
no legal or constructive obligations to pay further contributions if the plan does not hold sufficient assets to 
pay all employees benefits relating to employee service in the current and prior periods. The contributions 
amount to 5% of each pension plan member’s salary. The Group and the Parent Company recognise the 
contributions to the defined contribution plan as an expense when an employee has rendered services in 
exchange for those contributions.
Number of employees
 
Group
Parent Company
2021
2020
 
2021
2020
Number of employees at the end of the year
3,153
3,295
1,269
1,267
Average number of employees during the year
3,233
3,362
1,273
1,281
34

--- Page 187 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
10. Other operating expenses
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
2021
2020
 
2021
2020
Selling expenses and customer services
35,649
7,526
31,267
5,444
Information technology maintenance
5,693
5,667
5,359
5,338
Transportation expenses
5,308
5,022
1,710
1,643
Environment protection and work safety
8,424
9,394
7,284
8,223
Real estate maintenance and utilities expenses
5,368
4,967
3,887
4,143
Lease of real estate and fixed assets
84
201
54
137
Telecommunications services
2,592
2,289
2,221
2,284
Real estate tax
980
979
699
964
Public utilities regulation fee
1,714
1,710
781
761
Audit fee
93
93
46
45
Changes in impairment losses on financial assets
(27,382)
(2,796)
(27,129)
(2,502)
Net losses from sale of assets held for sale and PPE
2,951
4,503
(349)
379
Other expenses
8,610
9,442
5,543
4,500
TOTAL other operating expenses
50,084
48,997
31,373
31,359
In addition to audit services, in 2021 auditors did not provide any other services (2020: for the Group in 
the amount of EUR 3 thousand, Parent Company EUR 2 thousand, the costs of which are included in the 
position ‘Other expenses’).
11. Finance income and costs
a) Finance income
EUR’000
 
Notes
Group
Parent Company
2021
2020
2021
2020
Interest income 
564
2,032
564
1,097
Interest income on loans to related parties
994
–
10,276
11,578
Gains on fair value changes on interest rate swaps
24
316
–
316
–
Net gain on issued debt securities (bonds)
111
93
111
93
Net gain on redemption of other financial investments
94
–
94
–
Net gain on currency exchange rate fluctuations
31
–
30
–
TOTAL finance income
2,110
2,125
11,391
12,768
b) Finance costs
EUR’000
 
Notes
Group
Parent Company
2021
2020
2021
2020
Interest expense on borrowings from financial institutions
7,029
8,421
7,247
9,031
Interest expense on issued debt securities (bonds)
2,041
2,273
2,041
2,273
Interest expense on assets lease
138
131
83
69
Capitalised borrowing costs
14 a
(331)
(479)
(331)
(479)
Net losses on redemption of other financial investments
–
50
–
50
Net losses on currency exchange rate fluctuations
–
105
–
105
Other finance costs
193
275
176
244
TOTAL finance costs
9,070
10,776
9,216
11,293
12. Income tax
Accounting policy
Corporate income tax
Latvia
Corporate income tax is paid on distributed profits which has been generated as of 1 January 2018 and not 
previously taxed (less dividends received from subsidiaries) and deemed profit distributions. Both distributed profits 
and deemed profit distributions are subject to the tax rate of 20% of their gross amount, or 20/80 of net expense. 
Corporate income tax on dividends is recognised in the statement of profit or loss as expense in the reporting period 
when respective dividends are declared, while as regards other deemed profit distribution items, at the time when 
expense is incurred in the reporting year.
Lithuania
Current corporate income tax is applied at the rate of 15% on taxable income generated by a company during the 
taxation period. Income tax expense for the period comprises current income tax and deferred income tax. Current 
income tax charges are calculated on current profit before tax using the tax rate 15% in accordance with applicable 
tax regulations as adjusted for certain non–deductible expenses/non–taxable income and are based on the taxable 
income reported for the taxation period.
Estonia
Under the Income Tax Act, the annual profit earned by entities is not taxed in Estonia. Corporate income tax is 
paid on dividends, fringe benefits, gifts, donations, representation costs, non–business related disbursements 
and transfer pricing adjustments. The tax rate on the net dividends paid out of retained earnings is 20/80. Since 
2019, it is possible to apply a tax rate of 14/86 to dividend payments. This more favourable tax rate can be used 
for dividend payments up to the average dividend pay–out of the previous three financial years, taxed 20/80 rate. 
In calculating the average dividend payment for the three preceding financial years, 2018 was the first year to be 
considered. The corporate income tax arising from the payment of dividends is accounted for as a liability and 
expense in the period in which dividends are declared, regardless of the actual payment date or the period for 
which the dividends are paid.
Deferred income tax
Latvia and Estonia
Deferred tax liabilities are recognised in the consolidated financial statements on undistributed profits of the 
subsidiaries, which will be subject to taxation upon distribution in foreseeable future. No other deferred tax assets 
and liabilities are recognised.
Lithuania
Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method on temporary differences arising between the 
tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the financial statements. Deferred income tax is 
determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted by the end of reporting period and are expected to 
apply when the related deferred income tax asset is realised, or the deferred income tax liability settled. Deferred 
income tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit of the respective Group 
entity will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised.
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
2021
2020
 
2021
2020
Current income tax for the year
6,832
8,160
–
–
Deferred income tax on foreseeable profit distributions of subsidiaries
(3,446)
(1,926)
–
–
Deferred income tax relating to temporary differences
(79)
–
–
–
TOTAL income tax
3,307
6,234
–
–
35

--- Page 188 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
13. Intangible assets
a) Intangible assets
Accounting policy
Intangible assets are measured on initial recognition at historical cost. Following initial recognition, intangible assets 
are carried at cost less any accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses.
Assets under development are recognised in Statement of Financial Position within intangible assets and measured 
at cost until the intangible assets are completed and received.
Usage rights, licenses and software are shown at historical cost less accumulated amortisation and accumulated 
impairment losses.  Amortisation is calculated using the straight–line method to allocate the cost of usage rights, 
licenses and software over their estimated useful lives. Computer software development costs recognised as assets 
are amortised over their estimated useful lives, not exceeding a period of use defined in agreement or five years.
Connection usage rights are the payments for the rights to use the transmission or distribution system’s power grid. 
Connection usage rights are measured at cost net of amortisation and accumulated impairment that is calculated 
on straight–line basis to allocate the cost of connection usage rights to the residual value over the estimated period 
of relationship with a supplier (connection installer).
Goodwill is initially measured at cost. If the fair value of the net assets acquired is in excess of the aggregate 
consideration transferred, the Group and the Parent Company re–assesses whether it has correctly identified all 
of the assets acquired and all of the liabilities assumed and reviews the procedures used to measure the amounts 
to be recognised at the acquisition date. If the reassessment still results in an excess of the fair value of net assets 
acquired over the aggregate consideration transferred, then the gain is recognised in profit or loss.
After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. For the purpose of 
impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from the acquisition date, allocated to each 
of the Group’s and the Company’s cash–generating units that are expected to benefit from the combination, 
irrespective of whether other assets or liabilities of the acquiree are assigned to those units.
EUR'000
Group
Parent Company
Goodwill
Usage rights 
and licences
Greenhouse 
gas emission 
allowances
Software
Assets under 
development
TOTAL
Usage rights 
and licences
Greenhouse 
gas emission 
allowances
Software
Assets under 
development
TOTAL
As of 31 December 2019
Cost
–
2,507
11,024
50,487
148
64,166
10,797
11,024
47,467
148
69,436
Accumulated amortisation
–
(2,375)
–
(39,204)
–
(41,579)
(5,474)
–
(37,851)
–
(43,325)
Net book amount
–
132
11,024
11,283
148
22,587
5,323
11,024
9,616
148
26,111
 
Year ended 31 December 2020
Additions
–
–
9,547
–
4,805
14,352
–
9,547
–
4,269
13,816
Transfers
–
641
–
4,219
(4,860)
–
3
–
4,216
(4,219)
–
Disposals
–
–
(17,414)
–
–
(17,414)
–
(17,414)
–
–
(17,414)
Reclassified to current intangible assets
–
–
(3,157)
–
–
(3,157)
–
(3,157)
–
–
(3,157)
Impairment charge
–
–
–
(81)
–
(81)
–
–
(81)
–
(81)
Amortisation charge
–
(1,683)
–
(2,898)
–
(4,581)
(460)
–
(2,622)
–
(3,082)
Recognised usage rights after distribution of discontinued 
operation*
–
38,100
–
–
222
38,322
–
–
–
–
–
Closing net book amount as of 31 December 2021
–
37,190
–
12,523
315
50,028
4,866
–
11,129
198
16,193
 
As of 31 December 2020
Cost
–
58,173
–
52,617
315
111,105
10,800
–
49,593
198
60,591
Accumulated amortisation
–
(20,983)
–
(40,094)
–
(61,077)
(5,934)
–
(38,464)
–
(44,398)
Net book amount
–
37,190
–
12,523
315
50,028
4,866
–
11,129
198
16,193
 
Year ended 31 December 2021
Additions
2,546
–
–
–
6,907
9,453
–
–
–
4,321
4,321
Transfers
–
2,444
–
4,095
(6,539)
–
17
–
4,002
(4,019)
–
Disposals
–
–
–
(81)
–
(81)
–
–
(81)
–
(81)
Impairment charge
–
–
–
81
–
81
–
–
81
–
81
Amortisation charge
–
(3,000)
–
(2,924)
–
(5,924)
(459)
–
(2,649)
–
(3,108)
Closing net book amount as of 31 December 2021
2,546
36,634
–
13,694
683
53,557
4,424
–
12,482
500
17,406
 
As of 31 December 2021
Cost
2,546
60,617
–
56,449
683
120,295
10,817
–
53,370
500
64,687
Accumulated amortisation
–
(23,983)
–
(42,755)
–
(66,738)
(6,393)
–
(40,888)
–
(47,281)
Net book amount
2,546
36,634
–
13,694
683
53,557
4,424
–
12,482
500
17,406
* Until 10 June 2020, Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS was a Latvenergo Group’s company, that ensured the construction of connections to the transmission network and recognised usage rights for connection to transmission system network within the Group was excluded in consolidation process
36

--- Page 189 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
b) Current intangible assets (Greenhouse gas emission allowances)
Accounting policy
Emission rights for greenhouse gases (or allowances) are recognised and subsequently measured at purchase 
cost when the Group or the Parent Company is able to exercise the control. Allowances received from the 
Government free of charge are recognised at zero cost. In those cases, when the quantity of emitted greenhouse 
gases exceeds the quantity of allowances allocated by the state free of charge, the Group and the Parent 
Company purchase additional allowances.
 
Group
Parent Company
2021
2020
 
2021
2020
Number of 
allowances
Number of 
allowances
Number of 
allowances
Number of 
allowances
At the beginning of the year
977,325
1,784,364
958,122
1,688,912
Allowances allocated free of charge*
8,664
125,103
–
112,769
Purchased allowances
1,105,000
375,000
1,105,000
375,000
Written off verified allowances
(837,120)
(1,227,142)
(831,270)
(1,218,559)
Sold allowances
(5,000)
(80,000)
–
–
At the end of the year
1,248,869
977,325
1,231,852
958,122
including estimated allowances used during the 
reporting year (unverified)
(834,267)
(812,710)
(834,267)
(812,710)
Allowances available at the end of the year
414,602
164,615
397,585
145,412
* The number of allowances received by the Group and the Parent Company from the Government free of charge, in accordance with the law “On Pollution” 
and Directives of the Ministry of Environmental Protection and Regional Development of the Republic of Latvia. Therefore, their carrying amount as of 
31 December 2021 was nil (31/12/2020: nil).
Current intangible assets
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
2021
2020
 
2021
2020
Net book amount at the beginning of the year
3,157 
–  
 3,157 
– 
Additions
64,500
–
 
64,500
–
Disposals
(43,391)
–
 
(43,391)
–
Reclassified from non-current intangible assets
–
3,157
 
–
3,157
Closing net book amount at the end of the year
24,266
3,157
 
24,266
3,157
14. Property, plant and equipment
a) Property, plant and equipment
Accounting policy
Property, plant and equipment (PPE) are measured on initial recognition at cost. Following initial recognition PPE are 
stated at historical cost or revalued amount less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment loss, if any.
The acquisition cost comprises the purchase price, transportation costs, installation, and other direct expenses 
related to the acquisition or implementation. The cost of the self–constructed item of PPE includes the cost of 
materials, services and workforce. Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised 
as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the 
item will flow to the Group or the Parent Company and the cost of an item can be measured reliably. All other 
repair and maintenance expenses are charged directly to the Statement of Profit or Loss when the expenditure 
is incurred.
If an item of PPE consists of components with different useful lives and acquisition costs of such components are 
significant concerning the PPE value, these components are accounted as separate items.
Land is not depreciated. Depreciation on the other assets is calculated using the straight–line method to allocate 
their cost over their estimated useful lives, as follows:
The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each 
reporting period. An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s 
carrying amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount.
Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing proceeds with carrying amount. Those are included 
in the Statement of Profit or Loss. If revalued property, plant and equipment have been sold, appropriate 
amounts are reclassified from revaluation reserve to retained earnings.
All fixed assets under construction are stated at historical cost and comprise of costs of construction of assets. 
The initial cost includes construction and installation costs and other direct costs related to construction of fixed 
assets. General and specific borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition or construction of qualifying 
assets are added to the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their 
intended use. Borrowing costs consist of interest and other costs that the Group or the Parent Company incur 
in connection with the borrowing of funds. Borrowing costs are capitalised to fixed assets proportionally to the 
part of the cost of PPE under construction over the period of construction. Assets under construction are not 
depreciated until the relevant assets are completed and ready for intended use, impairment test is performed 
when there is indication for impairment, either individually or at the cash-generating unit level. The amount 
of any impairment loss identified is measured as the difference between the asset’s carrying amount and the 
recoverable amount that is higher of the asset’s the fair value less costs to sell and value in use. 
The Group and the Parent Company classifies non–current assets as held for sale if their carrying amount will 
be recovered principally through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use, and sale is considered 
highly probable. Non–current assets held for sale are measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair 
value less costs to sell.
Transfers are made from (or to) property, plant, and equipment to (or from) investment property only when there 
is a change in use. For a transfer from investment property to owner-occupied property, the deemed cost for 
subsequent accounting is the fair value at the date of change in use. If owner-occupied property becomes an 
investment property, the Group and the Parent Company accounts for such property in accordance with the 
policy stated under property, plant and equipment up to the date of change in use.
Type of property, plant and equipment (PPE)
Estimated useful life, years
Buildings and facilities
15 – 100
Assets of Hydropower plants:
 - hydropower plants' buildings and facilities,
25 – 100
 - hydropower plants' technology equipment and machinery
10 – 40
Transmission system electricity lines and electrical equipment (until 10 June 2020):
 - electricity lines
20 – 50
 - electrical equipment of transformer substations
12 – 40
Distribution system electricity lines and electrical equipment:
 - electricity lines
30 – 50
 - electrical equipment of transformer substations
30 – 35
Technology equipment and machinery
3 – 40
Other property, plant and equipment
2 – 25
37

--- Page 190 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
Net book amounts and movements of property, plant and equipment by groups, including groups of revalued categories are as follows
EUR’000
Group
Parent Company
Land, 
buildings 
and 
facilities
Assets 
of Hydro 
Power Plant
Distribution 
system 
electricity 
lines and 
electrical 
equipment
Transmission 
system 
electricity 
lines and 
electrical 
equipment
Technology 
equipment 
and 
machinery
Other PPE
Assets 
under 
construction 
Property, 
plant and 
equipment 
TOTAL
Land, 
buildings 
and 
facilities
Assets 
of Hydro 
Power Plant
Technology 
equipment 
and 
machinery
Other PPE
Assets 
under 
construction 
Property, 
plant and 
equipment 
TOTAL
As of 31 December 2019
Cost or revalued amount
456,257
2,050,409
2,921,846
–
637,869
157,052
99,802
6,323,235
341,761
2,050,409
612,341
105,335
76,199
3,186,045
Accumulated depreciation and impairment
(254,582)
(1,267,432)
(1,410,073)
–
(528,854)
(103,992)
(5,357)
(3,570,290)
(202,471)
(1,267,433)
(516,306)
(85,779)
(5,055)
(2,077,044)
Net book amount
201,675
782,977
1,511,773
–
109,015
53,060
94,445
2,752,945
139,290
782,976
96,035
19,556
71,144
1,109,001
 
Year ended 31 December 2020
Additions
(866)
–
–
–
–
(80)
164,997
164,051
–
–
–
–
46,730
46,730
Transfers
5,480
21,119
78,177
2,923
26,262
15,046
(149,007)
–
2,585
21,120
26,097
6,198
(56,000)
–
Reclassified (to) / from investment property, net
(477)
–
–
–
–
–
–
(477)
2,427
–
–
–
–
2,427
Reclassified to non-current assets for sale
–
–
–
–
(21)
(22)
–
(43)
–
–
–
(1)
–
(1)
Disposals
(364)
(4)
(5,340)
(33)
(201)
(42)
(417)
(6,401)
(299)
(4)
(195)
(236)
(741)
(1,475)
Investment in share capital of other company 
(Note 16)
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
(2,449)
–
(15)
(503)
–
(2,967)
Increase of assets as a result of revaluation
–
–
96,264
–
–
–
–
96,264
–
–
–
–
–
–
Reversed impairment charge as a result of 
revaluation
–
–
8,660
–
–
–
–
8,660
–
–
–
–
–
–
Impairment charge (Note 14 d I)
(3,037)
–
–
–
(4,465)
–
373
(7,129)
(3,037)
–
(4,465)
–
386
(7,116)
Depreciation
(14,051)
(25,612)
(65,945)
(10,958)
(34,552)
(12,439)
–
(163,557)
(9,667)
(25,612)
(33,161)
(6,589)
–
(75,029)
Changes in value of assets attributable to the 
discontinued operation*
2,722
–
–
8,068
9
(1,929)
(25,857)
(16,987)
–
–
–
–
–
–
Closing net book amount as of 
31 December 2020
191,082
778,480
1,623,589
–
96,047
53,594
84,534
2,827,326
128,850
778,480
84,296
18,425
61,519
1,071,570
 
As of 31 December 2020
Cost or revalued amount
426,279
2,045,830
3,006,885
–
649,011
156,217
89,518
6,373,740
341,001
2,045,830
623,104
101,718
66,188
3,177,841
Accumulated depreciation and impairment
(235,197)
(1,267,350)
(1,383,296)
–
(552,964)
(102,623)
(4,984)
(3,546,414)
(212,151)
(1,267,350)
(538,808)
(83,293)
(4,669)
(2,106,271)
Net book amount
191,082
778,480
1,623,589
–
96,047
53,594
84,534
2,827,326
128,850
778,480
84,296
18,425
61,519
1,071,570
Year ended 31 December 2021
Additions
–
–
–
–
4,969
–
112,286
117,255
–
–
–
–
25,203
25,203
Invested in share capital
20
–
–
–
–
–
–
20
20
–
–
–
–
20
Transfers
10,457
23,096
83,272
–
7,285
14,320
(138,430)
–
7,442
23,096
7,205
5,553
(43,296)
–
Reclassified (to) / from investment property, net
(3,182)
–
–
–
–
–
–
(3,182)
(692)
–
–
–
–
(692)
Reclassified to non–current assets for sale
(27)
–
–
–
–
(78)
–
(105)
(20)
–
–
–
–
(20)
Disposals
(34)
(69)
(5,197)
–
(43)
(74)
(39)
(5,456)
(84)
(69)
(42)
(136)
(20)
(351)
Reversed impairment charge (Note 14 d I)
9,187
–
–
–
27,537
–
4,699
41,423
9,187
–
27,537
–
4,669
41,393
Depreciation
(13,120)
(25,157)
(70,241)
–
(30,913)
(11,196)
–
(150,627)
(9,587)
(25,157)
(29,655)
(5,751)
–
(70,150)
Closing net book amount as of 
31 December 2021
194,383
776,350
1,631,423
–
104,882
56,566
63,050
2,826,654
135,116
776,350
89,341
18,091
48,075
1,066,973
 
As of 31 December 2021
Cost or revalued amount
427,180
2,044,719
3,031,424
–
661,828
168,431
63,334
6,396,916
346,175
2,044,719
630,116
101,775
48,075
3,170,860
Accumulated depreciation and impairment
(232,797)
(1,268,369)
(1,400,001)
–
(556,946)
(111,865)
(284)
(3,570,262)
(211,059)
(1,268,369)
(540,775)
(83,684)
–
(2,103,887)
Net book amount
194,383
776,350
1,631,423
–
104,882
56,566
63,050
2,826,654
135,116
776,350
89,341
18,091
48,075
1,066,973
* Until 10 June 2020, Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS was a Latvenergo Group’s company, that was the owner of the transmission system assets and ensured the construction of the transmission network. Changes in value of assets include additions, disposals and depreciation of property, plant and equipment.
38

--- Page 191 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
Impairment charge or reversed charge is included in the Statement of Profit or Loss under ‘Depreciation, 
amortisation and impairment of intangible assets, PPE and right-of-use assets’.
As of 31 December 2021, cost of fully depreciated PPE which are still in use for the Group amounted to 
EUR 305,295 thousand (31/12/2020: EUR 354,967 thousand) and for the Parent Company amounted to 
EUR 277,392 thousand (31/12/2020: EUR 270,456 thousand).
In 2021 the Group and the Parent Company have capitalised borrowing costs in the amount of 
EUR 331 thousand (2020: EUR 479 thousand) (see Note 11). Rate of capitalised borrowing costs was of 
1.45% (2020: 1.58%).
Information about the pledged property, plant and equipment is disclosed in Note 23 I.
b) Investment property
Accounting policy
Investment properties are land, or a building or part of a building held by the Group or the Parent Company as the 
owner to earn rentals or for capital appreciation, rather than for use in the production of goods or supply of services 
or for administrative purposes, or sale in the ordinary course of business. Investment property generates cash flows 
independently of the other assets held. The investment properties are initially recognised at cost and subsequently 
measured at acquisition cost net of accumulated depreciation and impairment losses. The applied depreciation 
rates are based on estimated useful life set for respective fixed asset categories – from 15 to 80 years.
EUR'000
Group
Parent Company
Investment property held for 
capital appreciation
Investment properties for 
lease*
Investment property held for 
capital appreciation
TOTAL Investment property
2021
2020
 
2021
2020
2021
2020
2021
2020
Cost at the beginning of the year
1,455
910
4,005
64,377
1,427
876
5,432
65,253
Accumulated depreciation and impairment at the beginning of the year
(943)
(609)
(1,155)
(25,209)
(943)
(609)
(2,098)
(25,818)
Net book amount at the beginning of the year
512
301
2,850
39,168
484
267
3,334
39,435
Reclassified to investment property held for capital appreciation
3,182
477
(766)
(2,904)
1,458
477
692
(2,427)
Disposal
(18)
(6)
–
(24)
(18)
(6)
(18)
(30)
Investment in the share capital of other company
–
–
–
(32,333)
–
–
–
(32,333)
Sold
(348)
(260)
–
(840)
(348)
(254)
(348)
(1,094)
Depreciation
(12)
–
(58)
(217)
–
–
(58)
(217)
Cost at the end of the year
3,807
1,455
2,700
4,005
1,861
1,427
4,561
5,432
Accumulated depreciation and impairment at the end of the year
(491)
(943)
(674)
(1,155)
(285)
(943)
(959)
(2,098)
Net book amount at the end of the year
3,316
512
2,026
2,850
1,576
484
3,602
3,334
* Leased property, plant and equipment and real estate related to distribution and transmission system assets
The Group and the Parent Company apply the cost model in valuation of investment properties. Land 
or building or part of a building held by the Group or the Parent Company as the owner to earn rentals 
or for capital appreciation, rather than for use in the production of goods or supply of services or for 
administrative purposes, or sale in the ordinary course of business, after decision of the Group’s or the 
Parent Company’s management are initially recognised as investment properties at cost and subsequently 
measured at acquisition cost net of accumulated depreciation and impairment losses.
c) Property, plant and equipment revaluation
Accounting policy
Revaluations have been made with sufficient regularity to ensure that the carrying amount of property, plant and 
equipment items subject to valuation does not differ materially from that which would be determined using fair value 
at the end of reporting period.
The following hydropower plants, transmission system and distribution system assets (property, plant and 
equipment) are revalued regularly but not less frequently than every five years:
a) Assets of Hydropower plants:
 
y hydropower plants’ buildings and facilities,
 
y hydropower plants’ technology equipment and machinery;
b) Transmission system electricity lines and electrical equipment (until 10 June 2020):
 
y electricity lines,
 
y electrical equipment of transformer substations;
c) Distribution system electricity lines and electrical equipment:
 
y electricity lines,
 
y electrical equipment of transformer substations.
Increase in the carrying amount arising on revaluation is recognised in the Statement of Comprehensive income 
as “Non–current assets revaluation reserve” in shareholders’ equity. Decrease in the carrying amount arising on 
revaluation primarily offset previous increases recognised in ‘Comprehensive income’ and if decrease exceeds 
revaluation reserve, it is recognised in the Statement of Profit or Loss.
At the date of revaluation, initial carrying amounts and accumulated depreciation are increased or decreased 
proportionately with the change in the carrying amount of the asset so that the carrying amount of the asset after 
the revaluation equals its revalued amount.
Non–current assets revaluation reserve is decreased and transferred to retained earnings at the moment, when 
revalued asset has been written off or disposed.
Revaluation reserve cannot be distributed in dividends, invested in share capital, used for indemnity, reinvested in 
other reserves, or used for other purposes.
39

--- Page 192 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
The carrying amounts of revalued categories of property, plant and equipment groups at revalued amounts 
and their cost basis are as follows:
EUR’000
Group
Revalued property, plant and equipment groups
Assets of 
Hydropower 
plants (the 
Parent 
Company) 
Distribution 
system 
electricity lines 
and electrical 
equipment
TOTAL 
revalued PPE
At revalued amounts
As of 31 December 2021
Revalued
2,044,719
3,031,424
5,076,143
Accumulated depreciation
(1,268,369)
(1,400,001)
(2,668,370)
Revalued net book amount
776,350
1,631,423
2,407,773
 
As of 31 December 2020
 
 
Revalued
2,045,830
 3,006,885
5,052,715
Accumulated depreciation
(1,267,350)
(1,383,296)
(2,650,646)
Revalued net book amount
778,480
1,623,589
2,402,069
At amounts stated on historical cost basis
As of 31 December 2021
Cost
453,213
1,531,323
1,984,536
Accumulated depreciation
(191,691)
(518,820)
(710,511)
Net book amount
261,522
1,012,503
1,274,025
 
As of 31 December 2020
Cost
432,117
1,518,927
1,951,044
Accumulated depreciation
(182,739)
(512,629)
(695,368)
Net book amount
249,378
1,006,298
1,255,676
Assets of Hydropower plants were revalued in 2017. The revaluation was performed by an independent, 
external and certified valuation expert by applying the income method or the replacement cost model. 
Income method is based on average perennial water inflow in each HPP, power exchange (Nord Pool 
Spot) forecasts of electricity prices, analysis of historical generation and operating expenses, forecast 
of expenses based on publicly available state statistics, forecast of capital expenditure, forecast of net 
cash flows, as well as discount and capitalisation rate calculation using the weighted average cost of 
capital (WACC) formula based on market data.
Considering that the estimated replacement cost of the assets exceeded the value determined by using 
income method, the value of each of the hydropower plant assets item was reduced to recognise the 
economic depreciation. The replacement cost was determined according to technical characteristics of 
property, plant and equipment, current technical requirements and the cost of replacement of functional 
analogue less physical, functional and economic depreciation.
The nominal pre–tax discount rate used in valuation was 7.5%. If the pre-tax rate would have been 
increased by 0.1% then the value of the revalued assets of hydropower plants would have been 
decreased by EUR 17,686 thousand (2020: by EUR 45,938 thousand). If the pre–tax rate would have 
been decreased by 0.1%, the value of the revalued assets of hydropower plants would have been 
increased by EUR 18,279 thousand (2020: by EUR 48,308 thousand). If electricity price would have 
been increased by 1%, the value of assets would have been increased by EUR 22,406 (2020: by 
EUR 27,665), if the prices would have been by 1% less, the value of assets would have been decrease 
by EUR 22,406 (2020: by EUR 27,665).
Considering the situation at the end of the year when the increase in civil engineering construction costs 
exceeded the 10% for at least 2 consecutive quarters since the previous revaluation, and anticipating 
that the increase in the civil engineering construction costs is likely to remain significant and sustainable, 
which could result in significantly higher value for hydropower plants, and accordingly in 2022 has 
passed a cycle of 5 years, in February 2022 has been started the valuation process for hydropower 
plants. Given that the revaluation process is complex and complicated, independent, external, certified 
valuation experts has been involved in revaluation.
Distribution system electrical equipment was revalued as of 1 April 2020, as a result the carrying value 
increased by EUR 30,739 thousand of which EUR 30,870 thousand was recognised as increase in 
property, plant and equipment revaluation reserve in equity (see Note 21), while impairment in amount 
of EUR 131 thousand was recognised in profit or loss. 
External valuation expert used cost approach and assessed how components of the replacement 
or renewal costs of the same property, plant and equipment items have changed since the 
previous revaluation. The values of sub-categories of property, plant and equipment were indexed 
by cost components. Material costs were indexed according to the data of the Central Statistical 
Bureau on price changes, or the available information provided by Sadales tīkls AS on changes in 
construction / establishment costs from purchases made during the last 12 months. At the same time 
component of labour costs was indexed according to the data of the Central Statistical Bureau on 
wage growth in the respective period. According to the data of Central Statistical Bureau, the increase 
in labour costs since the period of previous revaluation (compared to the previous period) ranged from 
1.47% to 9.51% per year and changes in prices of materials ranged from -4.28% to 2.7% per year. For 
materials, the value of which has been determined using the information provided by Sadales tīkls AS, 
price changes since the previous revaluation have ranged from -12.65% to 11.2%. After determining 
the estimated replacement or renewal value, the valuation expert estimated the physical and functional 
depreciation for each item of property, plant and equipment.
Distribution system electricity lines were revalued as of 1 January 2021 and the revaluation result has 
been recognised in the Financial statements of 2020 as an adjusting event. As a result, the carrying 
amount of assets was increased by EUR 74,185 thousand, of which EUR 65,394 thousand was 
recognised in non–current assets revaluation reserve in equity (see Note 21), while reversal of previously 
recognised impairment in the amount of EUR 8,791 thousand was recognised in the Statement of Profit 
or Loss, position ‘Depreciation, amortisation and impairment of intangible assets, property, plant and 
equipment and right-of-use assets’.
External valuation expert used cost approach in valuation of electricity lines, by assessing the control 
estimate values of cost items of the electricity lines construction used for the construction of Sadales tīkls 
AS electricity network. The control estimate is an estimate of the median object for the construction or 
reconstruction of electricity lines, which corresponds to the median value of the price for each group of 
electricity lines (property, plant and equipment), not taking into account the extreme costs of construction. 
40

--- Page 193 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
In the calculation of replacement costs, cost items of construction control estimates are priced according 
to market prices as of 1 January 2021. Initial replacement value for 1 km of electricity lines by each of 
electricity lines group, by regions, and by population levels of the territory was determined. Specialised 
databases of construction specialists, construction estimates of other customers for construction works 
and construction companies in Latvia, which were attributable to the valuation date, were used as source 
for market prices. After determining the estimated replacement or renewal value, the valuation expert 
estimated the physical and functional depreciation for each item of property, plant and equipment. During 
the reporting year, the management has changed the estimates of the remaining useful life for those 
distribution system electricity lines that are planned to be reconstructed, based on more recent and 
objective information on the dates and volumes of reconstruction. As a result of change in estimates, 
depreciation expense for year 2021 decreased by EUR 7,107 thousand. Management believes that change 
in estimates has no significant effect on the revalued value of the distribution system electricity lines.
A quantitative sensitivity analysis of significant assumptions used in calculation of revalued amounts as 
of the date of revaluation is indicated below:
EUR'000
Date of 
revaluation
Labour costs
Material costs
Useful lives
1% 
increase
1% 
decrease
1% 
increase
1% 
decrease
1% 
increase
1% 
decrease
Revaluation of electrical equipment
01/04/2020
742
(743)
2,963
(2,476)
2,130
(2,140)
Revaluation of electricity lines
31/12/2020
5,484
(5,499)
5,387
(5,438)
6,772
(6,592)
Summary of quantitative information about the significant unobservable inputs
Date of 
revaluation
Proportion of labour 
costs (%) 
Proportion of material 
costs (%)
Useful lives (years)
Range
Average
Range
Average
Range
Revaluation of electrical equipment
01/04/2020
0-30
23
70-100
77
30-35
Revaluation of electricity lines
31/12/2020
25-49
38
51-75
62
30-50
d) Impairment
Accounting policy
Assets that are subject to depreciation or amortisation, land and investments in subsidiaries are reviewed 
for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be 
recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its 
recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of the asset’s fair value less costs of disposal and value 
in use. In assessing the value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using 
a pre–tax discount rate that reflects the current market expectations regarding the time value of money and the 
risks specific to the asset. For an asset that does not generate largely independent cash inflows, the recoverable 
amount is determined for the cash–generating unit to which the asset belongs. Impairment losses are recognised 
in the Comprehensive Income within PPE revaluation reserve for the assets accounted at revalued amount and in 
the Statement of Profit or Loss within amortisation, depreciation and impairment charge expenses for the assets 
that are accounted at cost, less depreciation and impairment, and for the assets accounted at revalued amount 
in case if impairment charge exceeds revaluation surplus previously recognised on individual asset.
The key assumptions used in determining recoverable amount of the asset are based on the Group entities’ or 
the Parent Company’s management best estimation of the range of economic conditions that will exist over the 
remaining useful life of the asset, on the basis of the most recent financial budgets and forecasts approved by 
the management for a maximum period of 10 years. Assets are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment 
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that impairment must be reviewed. The reversal of 
impairment for the assets that are accounted at cost, less depreciation and impairment, is recognised in the 
Statement of Profit or Loss. Reversal of impairment loss for revalued assets is recognised in the Statement of 
Profit or Loss to the extent that an impairment loss on the same revalued asset was previously recognised in the 
Statement of Profit or Loss; the remaining reversals of impairment losses of revalued assets are recognised in 
Comprehensive Income.
I) Latvenergo AS combined heat and power plants (Latvenergo AS CHPPs)
Impairment review performed for Latvenergo AS CHPPs is based on value in use calculations. The cash–
generating unit is defined as the assets of Latvenergo AS CHPPs.
In October 2017, the Parent Company applied for a one-off compensation from the state, at the same 
time opting out of the receipt of 75% of the guaranteed annual payments for installed electrical capacity 
in combined heat and power plant CHPP–1 and CHPP–2 (Note 4 g). The one-off compensation was 
calculated as 75% of the discounted future guaranteed payments for installed electrical capacity. On 
21 November 2017, the Cabinet of Ministers of the Republic of Latvia accepted an order on one–off 
compensation to Latvenergo AS on guaranteed support for the installed capacity of cogeneration power 
plants. Conditional grant part recognised as deferred income in the Group’s and the Parent Company’s 
statement of financial position (Note 28) and to be allocated to income on a straight-line basis until 
fulfilling obligation till the end of the support period – 23 September 2028. EUR 23,990 thousand were 
recognised as ‘Other income’ in the Group’s and Parent Company’s statement of profit or loss in 2021 
(2020: EUR 23,990 thousand) (Note 7). Consequently, EUR 161,440 thousand remained recognised 
as deferred income as of 31 December 2021 (31 December 2020: EUR 185,340 thousand) and to be 
allocated to income on a straight-line basis until fulfilling obligation till the end of the support period – 
23 September 2028.
As of 31 December 2021, the future discounted cash flows generated by the operation of Latvenergo AS 
CHPPs are evaluated in the amount of EUR 26 527 thousand (31 December 2020: nil). More detailed 
information is given below. Consequently, the value of Latvenergo CHPPs assets is estimated 
equal to the sum of deferred income and future discounted cash flows as of 31 December 2021– 
EUR 187,967 thousand (31 December 2020: EUR 185,430 thousand).
As a result of the above transactions, in 2021 reversal of impairment in the amount of EUR 36,724 thousand 
for Latvenergo AS CHPPs (2020: additional impairment EUR 7,502 thousand). The recognised reversal 
of impairment is included in the Statement of Profit or Loss position ‘Depreciation, amortisation and 
impairment of intangible assets, PPE and right-of-use assets. The accumulated impairment as of 
31 December 2021 amounted to EUR 205 411 thousand (31/12/2020: EUR 242,136 thousand).
To ensure the carrying value is in line with recognised impairment, the future cash flows expected to be 
derived from the operation of Latvenergo AS CHPPs were evaluated. Forecasted period is 2022-2028 
and the terminal value appraisal as of end of 2028, evaluated as a sum of land value, backup fuel reserves 
of diesel, and the future value of heat water boilers, is included. Revenue stream forecast includes the 
income from electricity and heat generation, as well as the remaining intensity of electrical capacity 
payments and the support period for CHPP-2 till September 23, 2028, as it is set out in regulations by 
Cabinet of Ministers of the Republic of Latvia No. 561, dated 2 September 2020. The market prices of 
electricity, natural gas and emission allowances were forecasted by relying on the most recent third-
party expert’s estimates. The forecast of expenses is based on historical data, the budget approved 
by the management for 2022, the service maintenance agreements and assumed long-term inflation 
41

--- Page 194 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
forecasted at 2%. Nominal pre–tax discount rate used to determine value in use of cash–generating unit 
by discounting cash flows is 7.5% (2020: 7.5%). As a result of calculation, the future discounted cash 
flows generated by Latvenergo AS CHPPs are evaluated as EUR 26 527 thousand (2020: nil). The rise 
in the assets of Latvenergo AS CHPPs is mainly attributable to including the profit from the electricity 
generation in the future cash flows. The operation of Latvenergo AS CHPPs plants can be flexibly adjusted 
to the electricity market conditions and guarantees a significant baseload electricity capacity for Latvia. 
CHPPs can cover Latvian electricity consumption almost completely in circumstances where, due to 
certain factors, electricity imports from foreign countries are limited.
As of 31 December 2021, the Group and the Parent Company has performed a sensitivity analysis of the 
fair value test of Latvenergo AS CHPPs to changes in inputs:
EUR'000
Discount rate
Electricity price*
Natural gas price*
Inflation rate 
1% 
increase
1% 
decrease
10% 
increase
10% 
decrease
10% 
increase
10% 
decrease
1% 
increase
1% 
decrease
Possible changes of 
CHPPs assets value
(1,800)
2,000
37,200
(38,800)
(23,700)
23,200
(4,900)
4,800
*Natural gas and electricity commodity costs are historically closely correlated
II) Sadales tīkls AS distribution system assets
Impairment review performed for electricity distribution system assets in accordance with IFRS and based 
on value in use calculations and there is no additional impairment loss recognised in 2021 (2020: no 
impairment loss recognised). The cash–generating unit is defined as the distribution system assets. 
Nominal pre–tax discount rate used to determine value in use of cash–generating units by discounting 
pre-tax cash flows is 4.37% (2020: 4.40%) as included in the electricity distribution system service tariff 
calculation methodology. Performance of impairment review also considered pricing forecast for major 
revenue streams, which are contingent on regulatory pre–approvals, and assumptions related to capital 
investment plans. The model applies an average revenue growth rate 1.8% per year (2020: 1.6%).
15. Leases
a) Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities
Accounting policy
At the time of conclusion of the contract, the Group and the Parent Company assess whether the contract is a 
lease or contains a lease. A contract is a lease, or contains a lease, when the contract gives the right to control 
the use of an identified asset throughout the period of time in exchange for consideration.
Lessee
To assess whether the contract is a lease or contains a lease, the Group and the Parent Company assess whether:
 
y the contract provides for the use of an identified asset: the asset may be designated, directly or indirectly, and 
must be physically separable or represent the total capacity of the asset from the physically separable asset. If 
the supplier has a significant right to replace the asset, the asset is not identifiable;
 
y the Group and the Parent Company have the right to obtain all economic benefits from the use of the identifiable 
asset over its useful life;
 
y the Group and the Parent Company have the right to determine the use of the identifiable asset. The Group and 
the Parent Company have the right to determine the manner in which the asset will be used, when it can decide 
how and for what purpose the asset will be used. Where the relevant decisions about how and for what purpose 
an asset is used are predetermined, the Group and the Parent Company should assess whether it has the right 
to dispose of the asset or designate the asset in a particular manner, or the Group and the Parent Company 
have developed an asset in a manner that predetermines how and for what purpose the asset will be used.
At initial measurement or in the case of reassessment of a lease that contains a lease component or several 
lease components, the Group and the Parent Company attribute each of the lease components to their relative 
individual price.
Leases and right–of–use assets are recognised for all long–term leases that meet the criteria of IFRS 16 (the 
remaining lease term exceeds 12–months at the date of implementation of the standard).
Low value leases are fully accounted without additional exemption.
Leases are recognised as right–of–use assets and the corresponding lease liabilities at the date when leased 
assets are available for use of the Group and the Parent Company. The cost of the right–of–use an asset 
consists of:
 
y the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;
 
y any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received;
 
y any initial direct costs.
The right–of¬–use the asset is recognised as a separate item in the composition of non–current assets and is 
classified according to groups of property, plant and equipment.
The Group and the Parent Company account for the right–of–use assets of land, buildings and facilities.
The right–of¬–use asset is amortised on a straight–line basis from the commencement date to the end of the 
useful life of the underlying asset. Depreciation is calculated on a straight–line basis from the commencement 
date of the lease to the end of the lease term, unless an asset is scheduled to be redeemed. The right–of–use 
asset is periodically reduced for impairment losses, if any, and adjusted for any revaluation of the lease liabilities.
Assets and liabilities arising from leases at commencement date are measured at the amount equal to the 
present value of the remaining lease payments, discounted by the interest rate implicit in the lease, if that rate can 
be readily determined. If that rate cannot be readily determined, the lessee shall use the incremental interest rate. 
Lease liabilities include the present value of the following lease payments:
 
y fixed lease payments (including in–substance fixed lease payments), less any lease incentives receivable;
 
y variable leases payments that are based on an index or a rate;
 
y amounts expected to be payable by the lessee under residual value guarantees;
 
y the exercise price of a purchase option if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that option;
 
y payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects lessee exercising that option.
Lease liabilities are subsequently measured when there is a change in future lease payments due to changes of 
an index or a rate used to determine these payments, when the Group’s and the Parent Company’s estimate 
of expected payments changes, or when the Group and the Parent Company change their estimates of the 
purchase option, lease term modification due to extension or termination. When a lease liability is subsequently 
remeasured, the corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the right–of–use asset or 
recognised in the statement of profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right–of–use asset decreases to zero.
Each lease payment is divided between the lease liability and the interest expense on the lease. Interest expense 
on lease is recognised in the statement of profit or loss over the lease term to form a constant periodic interest 
rate for the remaining lease liability for each period.
Lease payments related to short–term leases are recognised as an expense in the statement of profit or loss on a 
straight–line basis. Short–term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or less at the commencement date.
The Group and the Parent Company have recognised the right-of-use assets for land, buildings and 
facilities, and on a lease of the fiber of the combined optical cable (OPGW - optical ground wire with 
dual function).
42

--- Page 195 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
Right–of–use assets
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
As of 31 December 2019
Cost
6,745
3,873
Accumulated amortisation
(1,223)
(397)
Net book amount
5,522
3,476
 
Year ended 31 December 2020
Recognised changes in lease agreements
4,178
1,746
Depreciation
(1,447)
(736)
Closing net book amount as of 31 December 2020
8,253
4,486
 
As of 31 December 2020
Cost
10,970
5,619
Accumulated amortisation
(2,717)
(1,133)
Net book amount
8,253
4,486
 
Year ended 31 December 2021
Recognised changes in lease agreements
1,925
1,723
Depreciation
(1,866)
(1,066)
Closing net book amount as of 31 December 2021
8,312
5,143
 
As of 31 December 2021
Cost
12,871
7,342
Accumulated amortisation
(4,559)
(2,199)
Net book amount
8,312
5,143
Lease liabilities
EUR’000
 
Notes
Group
Parent Company
As of 31 December 2019
5,565
3,502
Of which are:
 - Non–current 
4,349
3,126
 - Current 
1,216
376
Year ended 31 December 2020
Recognised changes in lease agreements
4,178
1,746
Decrease of lease liabilities
(1,530)
(777)
Recognised interest liabilities
131
69
As of 31 December 2020
8,344
4,540
Of which are
 - Non–current
6,783
3,734
 - Current
1,561
806
Year ended 31 December 2021
Recognised changes in lease agreements
1,906
1,725
Decrease of lease liabilities
(1,960)
(1,122)
Recognised interest liabilities
138
83
As of 31 December 2021
8,428
5,226
Of which are
 
 - Non–current 
6,540
4,085
 - Current 
1,888
1,141
Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit or 
loss over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance 
of the liability for each period.
b) Expenses from leases (IFRS 16)
The following amounts are recognised in profit or loss:
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
2021 
2020 
2021
2020 
Depreciation for the right-of-use assets (land buildings and facilities)
1,866
1,447
1,066
736
Interest expense on lease liabilities (included in finance costs)
138
131
83
69
Short–term lease expenses
84
201
54
137
TOTAL expenses from leases
2,088
1,779
1,203
942
In the Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended 31 December 2021, lease payments of the Group in 
amount of EUR 400 thousand (the Parent Company: EUR 525 thousand) have been made by non–cash 
offsetting and included in cash flows from operating activities in working capital adjustments (2020: the 
Group in amount of EUR 400 thousand and the Parent Company in amount of EUR 632 thousand). Other 
lease payments of the Group in amount of EUR 1,276 thousand (the Parent Company: EUR 295 thousand) 
are included in the cash flows from financing activities (payments of principal on leases) and in cash flows 
from operating activities (payments of interest on leases) (2020: the Group EUR 1,111 thousand and the 
Parent Company EUR 169 thousand).
c) Income from leases
EUR’000
 
Notes
Group
Parent Company
2021 
2020 
2021
2020 
Income from leases 
(the Group and the Parent Company is the lessor)
6
1,999
1,639
3,410
3,921
Future minimum lease payments receivable under operating lease contracts by 
due dates (the Group and the Parent Company are the lessor)
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
2021 
2020 
2021
2020 
< 1 year
1,973
1,271
3,410
3,921
1–5 years
2,203
3,920
2,402
4,379
> 5 years
1,602
1,602
1,602
1,602
TOTAL rental income
5,778
6,793
7,414
9,902
43

--- Page 196 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
16. Non–current financial investments
The Parent Company’s participating interest in subsidiaries and other non–current financial 
investments
Name of the company
Country of 
incorporation
Business activity held
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
Interest 
held, %
EUR’000
Interest 
held, %
EUR’000
Investments in subsidiaries:
Sadales tīkls AS
Latvia
Electricity distribution
100%
641,450
100%
641,150
Enerģijas publiskais tirgotājs AS
Latvia
Administration of mandatory 
electricity procurement process
100%
40
100%
40
Elektrum Eesti OÜ
Estonia
Electricity and natural gas trade
100%
35
100%
35
Elektrum Lietuva, UAB
Lithuania
Electricity and natural gas trade
100%
98
100%
98
Liepājas enerģija SIA
Latvia
Thermal energy generation and 
trade, electricity generation
51%
3,556
51%
3,556
TOTAL
645,179
645,179
Other non–current financial investments:
Pirmais Slēgtais Pensiju 
Fonds AS
Latvia
Management of pension plans
46.30%
36
46.30%
36
Rīgas siltums AS
Latvia
Thermal energy generation and 
trade, electricity generation
0.0051%
3
0.0051%
3
TOTAL
39
39
The Group’s non–current financial investments
Name of the company
Country of 
incorporation
Business activity held
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
Interest 
held, %
EUR’000
Interest 
held, %
EUR’000
Other non–current financial investments
Pirmais Slēgtais Pensiju 
Fonds AS
Latvia
Management of pension plans
48.15%
37
48.15%
37
Rīgas siltums AS
Latvia
Thermal energy generation and 
trade, electricity generation
0.0051%
3
0.0051%
3
TOTAL
40
40
The Group owns 48.15% of the shares of the closed pension fund Pirmais Slēgtais Pensiju Fonds 
AS (Latvenergo AS – 46.30%). However, the Group and the Parent Company are only a nominal 
shareholder as the Pension Fund is a non-profit company, and all risks and benefits arising from 
associate’s activities and investments in the pension plan are taken and accrued by the members of 
the Pension Fund pension plan. For this reason, the investment in Pirmais Slēgtais Pensiju Fonds AS 
is valued at acquisition cost. On 26 May 2020 Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS sold 1/6 of presumed capital 
shares of Pirmais Slēgtais Pensiju Fonds AS to Sadales tīkls AS and Enerģijas publiskais tirgotājs AS.
Since 31 December 2020 Enerģijas publiskais tirgotājs SIA and Sadales tīkls AS jointly own one share 
of Pirmais Slēgtais Pensiju Fonds AS with nominal value in the amount of EUR 1,422 (1.85% interest 
held in share capital) and consequently, each entity owns 1/2 of the notional shares in the amount of 
EUR 711 per share.
In 2020, the Parent Company invested EUR 300 thousand in the share capital of Sadales tīkls AS, by 
investing the Parent Company’s real estate and property, plant and equipment related to distribution 
system in the amount of EUR 35,300 thousand and its related liabilities (borrowings) in the amount of 
EUR 35,000 thousand.
On 10 June 2020, transmission system assets in the amount of EUR 694.3 million were separated 
from Latvenergo Group, transferring all the shares of Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS in the amount of 
EUR 222.7 million to the Ministry of Economics. The separation of Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS was carried 
out by reducing the share capital of Latvenergo AS, it was reduced to EUR 612.2 million (Note 20).
Profit from distribution of non–current financial investments in Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS for the Parent 
Company is disclosed in Note 7 and for the Group in Note 30.
Accounting policy on investments in subsidiaries and non-current investments disclosed in Note 2.
Movement in non-current investments
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
2021
2020
2021
2020
At the beginning of the year
40
39
645,218
831,350
Invested in share capital
–
– 
–
300
Disposal of investment in Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS
–
– 
–
(186,432)
Discontinued operation
–
1 
–
–
At the end of the year
40
40
645,218
645,218
44

--- Page 197 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
Summarised financial information for subsidiaries
EUR'000
Subsidiaries
Equity
Net profit / (loss) for the year
Dividends from subsidiaries*
Carrying amount of interest 
from investment
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
2021
2020
2021
2020
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS
–
–
–
2,249
                    – 
9,742
–
–
Sadales tīkls AS
1,001,041
1,011,688
10,429
22,050
22,050
29,317
641,450
641,450
Enerģijas publiskais tirgotājs AS
40
40
–
–
                 – 
–
40
40
Elektrum Eesti OÜ
828
911
156
239
239
288
35
35
Elektrum Lietuva, UAB
(202)
455
(580)
77
77
504
98
98
Liepājas enerģija SIA
13,193
16,918
1,393
3,555
2,612
1,892
3,556
3,556
 
1,014,900
1,030,012
11,398
28,170
24,978
41,743
645,179
645,179
* in 2021 dividends from subsidiaries received in cash in the amount of EUR 2,928 thousand and with non–cash offset in the amount of EUR 22,050 thousand (2020: EUR 12,426 thousand received in cash and with non–cash offset in the amount of EUR 29,317 thousand)
Summarised financial information for non-controlling interests
EUR'000
Non-controlling interest of subsidiaries
Non-current assets
Current assets
Non-current liabilities
Current liabilities
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
Liepājas enerģija SIA (49%)
14,904
15,568
2,963
2,084
8,061
7,118
3,342
2,244
The Parent Company’s subsidiary’s Elektrum Eesti OÜ participating interest in subsidiaries
As of 31 December 2021, subsidiary Elektrum Eesti OÜ had investments with the 100% interest held in 
the subsidiaries Energiaturu Võrguehitus OÜ, SNL Energia 1 OÜ, Baltic Energy System OÜ and Elektrum 
Latvija SIA in the amount of EUR 4,754 thousand (31/12/2020: EUR 3 thousand).
Business combinations and acquisition of ownership interests
On 26 August 2021 the Parent Company’s subsidiary Elektrum Eesti OÜ acquired 90% of ownership 
interest in Energiaturu Võrguehitus OÜ (10% shares of Energiaturu Võrguehitus OÜ are held by SNL 
Energia 1 OÜ, therefore total participation interest by the Group is 100%), 100% in SNL Energia 1 OÜ 
and 100% in Baltic Energy System OÜ. All of acquired companies specialised in provision of microgrid 
electricity services in Estonia, thus significantly increased Latvenergo Group’s competitiveness in the 
Estonian electricity and related products and services market. Business combinations are accounted for 
by applying the acquisition method.
Summarised financial information for Elektrum Eesti OÜ interests
EUR’000
Assets
Equity
Net profit (Consolidated result 
after acquisition)
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
2021
2020
Total Elektrum 
Eesti OÜ interests
7,510
2
2,408
2
188
–
17. Inventories
Accounting policy
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Net realisable value is the estimated selling 
price in the ordinary course of business, less applicable variable selling expenses. Cost is determined using the 
weighted average method, except of natural gas inventory held per Inčukalns underground gas storage where cost 
is determined using FIFO method. Goods for sale are determined using FIFO or weighted average cost method, or 
specific identification method.
Purchase cost of inventories consists of the purchase price, import charges and other fees and charges, freight–in 
and related costs as well as other costs directly incurred in bringing the materials and goods to their present location 
and condition. The value of inventories is assigned by charging trade discounts, reductions, and similar allowances.
Existence of inventories as of the end of reporting period is verified during stock–taking.
At the end of each reporting year the inventories are reviewed for any indications of obsolescence. When obsolete or 
damaged inventories are identified, allowances are recognised to their recoverable amount. Additionally, during the 
reporting year at least each month inspection of idle inventories is performed with the purpose to identify obsolete 
and damaged inventories. Allowances for an impairment loss are recognised for those inventories.
The following basic principles are used in determining impairment losses for idle inventories:
a) Maintenance inventories for machinery and equipment of hydropower plants and thermal power plants that 
haven’t turned over during last 12 months are impaired in amount of 90%, while inventories haven’t turned over 
during last 6 months are impaired in amount of 45%
b) All other inventories that haven’t turned over during last 12 months are fully impaired, while inventories that 
haven’t turned over during last 6 months are impaired in amount of 50%,
c) Allowances are not calculated for the fuel necessary to ensure uninterrupted operations of hydropower and 
combined heat and power plants, for natural gas and scraps.
45

--- Page 198 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
 31/12/2021
31/12/2020
Raw materials and materials
17,978
17,224
847
824
Natural gas
115,462
41,621
115,461
41,620
Goods for sale
3,896
2,508
754
549
Other inventories
8,121
8,203
8,059
8,060
Prepayments for natural gas and other inventories
47,786
189
46,901
25
Allowance for raw materials and other inventories
(1,110)
(991)
(735)
(607)
TOTAL inventories
192,132
68,754
171,287
50,471
Changes in the allowance for raw materials and materials at warehouses are included in the Statement of 
Profit or Loss position ‘Raw materials and consumables used’.
Movement on the allowance for inventories
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
2021
2020
 
2021
2020
At the beginning of the year
991
1,287
607
674
Charged / (credited) to the Statement of Profit or Loss
119
(296)
128
(67)
At the end of the year
1,110
991
735
607
18. Receivables from contracts with customers and other receivables
Accounting policy
Receivables from contracts with customers and other receivables are classified in groups:
a) Energy (electricity and natural gas) and related services sales, including distribution system services,
b) Heating sales,
c) Other sales (IT & telecommunication services, connection service fees and other services),
d) Receivables from subsidiaries,
e) Other financial receivables
Receivables from contracts with customers are recognised initially when they originated. Receivables without a 
significant financing component are initially measured at the transaction price and subsequently are measured at 
amortised cost.
The Group and the Parent Company consider the evidence of impairment for the receivables from contracts with 
customers and other receivables at both an individual and a collective level. All individually significant receivables and 
receivables of energy industry companies and related parties are individually assessed for impairment. Those found 
not to be impaired are then collectively assessed for any impairment that has been incurred but not yet individually 
identified. Receivables that are not individually significant are collectively assessed for impairment using the portfolio 
model. Collective assessment is carried out by grouping together receivables with similar risk characteristics and the 
days past due. The Group and the Parent Company have applied two expected credit loss models: portfolio model 
and counterparty model.
The expected loss rates used for portfolio model are based on the payment profiles of sales over a period of 3 years 
and the corresponding historical credit losses experienced within this period and are adjusted to reflect current and 
forward-looking information. The Group and the Parent Company apply the IFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring 
expected credit losses of the collectively assessed receivables (portfolio model) using lifetime expected loss allowance.
For individually significant other receivables and other receivables of energy industry companies and related parties’ 
receivables the Group and the Parent Company apply the IFRS 9 general approach to measuring expected credit 
losses (counterparty model) using expected credit loss allowance on assessment of significant increase of credit risk. 
The expected credit losses according to this model are based on assessment of the individual counterparty’s risk of 
default based on Moody’s corporate default and recovery rates for the Latvenergo group’s and the relevant industry’s 
entities (Note 4 b).
Receivables from contracts with customers grouped by the expected credit loss 
(ECL) assessment model, net
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
Individually assessed receivables with lifetime ECL assessment 
(counterparty model)
37,995
2,775
16,837
6,257
Receivables with lifetime ECL assessment by simplified approach 
(portfolio model)
143,141
105,403
93,801
69,599
TOTAL receivables from contracts with customers
181,136
108,178
110,638
75,856
a) Receivables from contracts with customers, net
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
Receivables from contracts with customers:
 - Electricity, natural gas trade and related services customers 
(portfolio model)
133,497
136,647
87,828
102,120
 - Electricity and related services customers (counterparty model)
22,493
–
–
–
 - Heating customers (portfolio model)
21,233
9,463
18,807
7,386
 - Other receivables from contracts with customers (portfolio model)
5,384
3,557
1,150
1,093
 - Other receivables from contracts with customers (counterparty 
model)
15,557
2,780
12,792
1,480
 - Subsidiaries (counterparty model)
–
–
4,070
4,782
 
198,164
152,447
124,647
116,861
Allowances for expected credit loss from contracts with 
customers:
 - Electricity, natural gas trade and related services customers 
(portfolio model)
(14,748)
(41,761)
(13,621)
(40,672)
 - Electricity and related services customers (counterparty model)
(28)
–
–
–
 - Heating customers (portfolio model)
(361)
(328)
(343)
(315)
 - Other receivables from contracts with customers (portfolio model)
(1,864)
(2,175)
(20)
(13)
 - Other receivables from contracts with customers (counterparty 
model)
(27)
(5)
(22)
(2)
 - Subsidiaries (counterparty model)
–
–
(3)
(3)
 
(17,028)
(44,269)
(14,009)
(41,005)
Receivables from contracts with customers, net:
 - Electricity, natural gas trade and related services customers 
(portfolio model)
118,749
94,886
74,207
61,448
 - Electricity and related services customers (counterparty model)
22,465
–
–
–
 - Heating customers (portfolio model)
20,872
9,135
18,464
7,071
 - Other receivables from contracts with customers (portfolio model)
3,520
1,382
1,130
1,080
 - Other receivables from contracts with customers (counterparty 
model)
15,530
2,775
12,770
1,478
 - Subsidiaries (counterparty model)
–
–
4,067
4,779
181,136
108,178
110,638
75,856
46

--- Page 199 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
Receivables from contracts with customers with lifetime expected credit losses (ECL) assessed on the portfolio model basis and grouped by past due days
EUR'000
Late payment delay in days 
ECL rate 
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
Receivables
Allowances 
for ECL
Net
Receivables
Allowances 
for ECL
Net
Receivables
Allowances 
for ECL
Net
Receivables
Allowances 
for ECL
Net
On time
0.20%
139,516
(301)
139,215
102,220
(220)
102,000
91,096
(209)
90,887
67,146
(148)
66,998
Less than 30 days
3%
2,530
(76)
2,454
1,923
(58)
1,865
1,759
(53)
1,706
1,251
(38)
1,213
Past due 30 - 59 days
20%
901
(179)
722
1,070
(214)
856
711
(142)
569
990
(198)
792
Past due 60 - 89 days
50%
281
(138)
143
422
(211)
211
240
(120)
120
391
(195)
196
Past due 90 - 179 days
60%
428
(252)
176
572
(343)
229
296
(177)
119
508
(305)
203
Past due 180 - 359 days
75%
721
(541)
180
970
(728)
242
597
(448)
149
789
(592)
197
Past due more than 360 days
100%
11,758
(11,758)
–
15,997
(15,997)
–
9,530
(9,530)
–
13,480
(13,480)
–
Individually assessed
90%
2,508
(2,257)
251
–
–
–
2,508
(2,257)
251
–
–
–
Insolvent debtors*
100%
1,471
(1,471)
–
26,493
(26,493)
–
1,048
(1,048)
–
26,044
(26,044)
–
TOTAL
 
160,114
(16,973)
143,141
149,667
(44,264)
105,403
107,785
(13,984)
93,801
110,599
(41,000)
69,599
* receivables under insolvency process and with an established payment schedule
The expected loss rates used for portfolio model are based on the payment profiles of sales over a period 
of 3 years and the corresponding historical credit losses experienced within this period. Adjusting by 
forward–looking information is disclosed in Note 4 b.
Receivables from contracts with customers with lifetime expected credit losses 
(ECL) assessed on the counterparty model basis
EUR’000
 
Notes
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
Receivables of electricity and related services customers
22,493
–
–
–
Allowances for expected credit loss on receivables of 
electricity and related services customers
(28)
–
–
–
Other receivables from contracts with customers
15,557
2,780
12,792
1,480
Allowances for expected credit loss on other receivables 
from contracts with customers
(27)
(5)
(22)
(2)
Receivables from subsidiaries
29 b
–
–
3,787
4,170
Accrued income from subsidiaries
29 c
–
–
283
612
Allowances for expected credit loss on subsidiaries 
receivables
29 b
–
–
(3)
(3)
TOTAL
37,995
2,775
16,837
6,257
Allowances for impairment loss are calculated based on Moody’s credit rating agency corporate default 
and debt recovery rate assigned for credit rating level - Baa2 (stable) (for receivables from related parties) 
and corporate default and debt recovery rate assigned for energy utilities industry.
There is no significant concentration of credit risk with respect to receivables from contracts with customers 
as the Group and the Parent Company have large number of customers except major heating customer 
the net debt of which as of 31 December 2021 amounted to EUR 18,455 thousand (31/12/2020: 
EUR 7,077 thousand).
The Management assumptions and methodology for estimation of impairment for receivables from 
contracts with customers and evaluation of impairment risk are described in Note 4.
Movements in loss allowances for impaired receivables from contracts with 
customers
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
2021
2020
2021
2020
At the beginning of the year
44,269
46,737
41,005
43,521
Receivables written off during the year as uncollectible
(30,094)
(3,681)
(29,679)
(3,252)
Allowances for expected credit losses
2,853
1,213
2,683
736
At the end of the year
17,028
44,269
14,009
41,005
b) Other financial receivables (assessed on the counterparty model basis)
EUR’000
 
Level of 
SICR
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
Current financial receivables:
Unsettled revenue on mandatory procurement PSO fee 
recognised as assets*
Stage 1
36,588
77,273
–
–
Receivables for lease
Stage 1
16
32
14
26
Stage 3
2
16
1
7
Other current financial receivables
Stage 1
20,448
6,641
20,124
5,054
Stage 3
2,027
1,728
1,583
1,331
Other accrued income
Stage 1
–
874
–
874
Allowances for expected credit loss
Stage 1
(140)
(164)
(114)
(116)
Stage 3
(1,443)
(1,536)
(1,133)
(1,215)
Receivables for lease from subsidiaries (Note 29 b)
Stage 1
–
–
21
73
Other financial receivables from subsidiaries (Note 29 b)
Stage 1
–
–
21,196
21,460
Other accrued income from subsidiaries (Note 29 c)
Stage 1
–
–
1,534
1,850
Allowances for expected credit loss on subsidiaries 
receivables (Note 29 b)
Stage 1
–
–
(14)
(16)
TOTAL current financial receivables
57,498
84,864
43,212
29,328
TOTAL other financial receivables
57,498
84,864
43,212
29,328
* by applying agent principle unsettled revenue on mandatory procurement PSO fee is recognised as assets in net amount, as difference between revenue 
and costs recognised under the mandatory procurement
47

--- Page 200 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
As of 31 December 2021 the Group and the Parent Company have no significant concentration 
of credit risk with respect to other financial receivables except the commodities exchange  – 
Nasdaq Commodities – the net debt of which to the Group as of 31 December 2021 amounted to 
EUR 20,047 thousand (31/12/2020: EUR 2,348 thousand) and the Group’s receivable from State of 
guaranteed fee for the installed electrical capacity of cogeneration power plants and unsettled revenue 
on mandatory procurement PSO fee recognised as assets – EUR 36,588 thousand (31/12/2020: 
EUR 77,273 thousand). Loss allowance for other financial receivables assessed individually and based 
on counterparty’s model (Note 4).
c) Other non-financial receivables
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
Non–current non–financial receivables
2,544
429
441
417
Current non–financial receivables
2,242
226
2,190
212
TOTAL non–financial receivables
4,786
881
2,631
699
None of the receivables are secured with pledges or otherwise. The carrying amounts of other receivables 
are assumed to approximate their fair values.
19. Cash and cash equivalents
Accounting policy
Cash and cash equivalents include cash balances on bank accounts, demand deposits at bank and other short–
term deposits with original maturities of three months or less.
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
Cash at bank
97,079
100,703
92,418
98,261
TOTAL cash and cash equivalents
97,079
100,703
92,418
98,261
In existing rate environment, cash at bank balances practically don’t earn any interests. If cash balances 
at banks exceed certain limits, the banks apply the European Central Bank’s deposit facility rate for cash 
balances above set limits.
The carrying amounts of cash are assumed to approximate their fair values.
20. Share capital
As of 31 December 2021, the registered share capital of the Latvenergo AS is EUR 790,368 thousand 
(31/12/2020: EUR 790,348 thousand) and consists of 790,368 thousand ordinary shares (31/12/2020: 
790,348 thousand) with the nominal value of EUR 1 per share (31/12/2020: EUR 1 per share). All shares 
have been fully paid. 
On 14 June 2021, in accordance with the Directive No. 119 of the Cabinet of Ministers of the Republic 
of Latvia, dated 26 February 2021 – “On the Investment of the State’s property units in the Share Capital 
of Latvenergo AS”, real estate in the amount of EUR 20 thousand was invested in the share capital of 
Latvenergo AS (Note 14 a).
On 10 June 2020, transmission system assets were separated from the Latvenergo Group, transferring 
all the shares of Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS to the Ministry of Economics and decreasing share capital of 
Latvenergo AS in the amount of EUR 222,678 thousand. On 9 June 2020 changes of share capital were 
registered in the Commercial Register of the Republic of Latvia according to the decision by the Register 
of Enterprises of the Republic of Latvia.
On 9 July 2020, in accordance with the decision of the Cabinet of Ministers of the Republic of Latvia on 
unbundling of transmission assets dated 8 October 2019, the shareholders’ meeting of Latvenergo AS 
decided to increase the share capital of Latvenergo AS by investing in Latvenergo AS retained earnings 
from previous years in the amount of EUR 178,143 thousand. On 16 July 2020 changes of share capital 
were registered in the Commercial Register of the Republic of Latvia according to the decision by the 
Register of Enterprises of the Republic of Latvia.
48

--- Page 201 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
21. Reserves, dividends and earnings per share
a) Reserves
EUR'000
Notes
Group
Parent Company
Property, plant 
and equipment 
revaluation 
reserve
Hedge 
reserve
Post–employment 
benefit plan 
revaluation 
reserve
Other 
reserves
TOTAL 
reserves of 
continuing 
operations
Reserves 
classified 
as held for 
distribution
TOTAL
Property, plant 
and equipment 
revaluation 
reserve
Hedge 
reserve
Post–employment 
benefit plan 
revaluation 
reserve
TOTAL
As of 31 December 2019
1,083,772
(6,227)
(2,420)
110
1,075,235
28 936
1,104,171
785,870
(6,227)
(1,481)
778,162
Non–current assets revaluation reserve attributable to discontinued 
operations
30
 – 
 – 
 – 
 – 
 – 
(28 683)
(28,683)
 
 – 
 – 
 – 
 – 
Post–employment benefit plan revaluation reserve attributable to 
discontinued operations
30
 – 
 – 
 – 
 – 
 – 
(21)
(21)
 – 
 – 
 – 
 – 
Increase of non–current assets revaluation reserve as a result of 
revaluation
14 a
 96,264 
– 
– 
– 
96,264
– 
96,264
 – 
 – 
 – 
 – 
Disposal of non–current assets revaluation reserve
14 a
(8,882)
 – 
 – 
 – 
(8,882)
(232)
(9,114)
(4,097)
–
–
(4,097)
Losses on re–measurement of defined post–employment benefit plan
27 a, 30
 – 
 – 
(476)
 – 
(476)
 – 
(476)
 
–
–
(176)
(176)
Losses from fair value changes of derivative financial instruments
24
– 
(7,774)
– 
– 
(7,774)
– 
(7,774)
 
–
(7,774)
–
(7,774)
As of 31 December 2020
1,171,154
(14,001)
(2,896)
110
1,154,367
– 
1,154,367
 
781,773
(14,001)
(1,657)
766,115
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Disposal of non–current assets revaluation reserve
14 a
(13,329)
–
–
–
(13,329)
–
(13,329)
(3,724)
–
–
(3,724)
Gains on re–measurement of defined post–employment benefit plan
27 a, 30
–
–
1,098
–
1,098
–
1,098
–
–
121
121
Gains from fair value changes of derivative financial instruments
24
–
33,219
–
–
33,219
–
33,219
–
33,219
–
33,219
As of 31 December 2021
1,157,825
19,218
(1,798)
110
1,175,355
–
1,175,355
 
778,049
19,218
(1,536)
795,731
Non–current assets revaluation reserve, post–employment benefit plan revaluation and hedge reserves 
cannot be distributed as dividends. Other reserves are maintained with the aim to maintain stability in the 
operations of the Group entities.
b) Dividends
Accounting policy
Dividend distribution to the Parent Company’s shareholders is recognised as a liability in the Financial Statements in 
the period in which the dividends are approved by the Parent Company’s shareholders.
In 2021 the dividends declared  and paid to equity holders of the Parent Company for 2020 were 
EUR  98,246  thousand or EUR 0.12431 per share (in 2020 for 2019: EUR 127,071 thousand or 
EUR 0.16003 per share).
According to the Law “On the Medium-Term Budget Framework for 2021, 2022 and 2023” the expected 
amount of dividends to be paid by Latvenergo AS for the use of state capital in 2021 (for the reporting 
year 2020) amounted to not less than EUR 98,2 million (incl. income tax). The distribution of net profit 
and amount of dividends payable is subject to a resolution of the Latvenergo AS Shareholders Meeting.
c) Earnings per share
Accounting policy
The Group’s share capital consists of the Parent Company’s ordinary shares. All shares have been fully paid.
Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing profit attributable to the equity holders of the Parent 
Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding (Note 20). As there are no 
potential ordinary shares, diluted earnings per share are equal to basic earnings per share in all comparable 
periods.
 
Group
Parent Company
2021
2020
 
2021
2020
Profit attributable to the equity holder of the Parent Company 
(in thousand EUR)
70,675
114,513
79,520
154,848
Weighted average number of shares (thousand)
790,360
794,059
790,360
794,059
Basic earnings per share (in euros)
0.089
0.144
0.101
0.195
Diluted earnings per share (in euros)
0.089
0.144
0.101
0.195
49

--- Page 202 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
22. Other financial investments
Carrying (amortised cost) amount of other financial investments
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
 31/12/2021
31/12/2020
Financial investments in Latvian State Treasury bonds:
 - non–current
–
2,693
–
2,693
 - current
–
14,143
–
14,143
TOTAL other financial investments
–
16,836
–
16,836
As at the reporting date not the Group nor the Parent Company have any other financial investments.
As of 31 December 2020 the entire Group’s and the Parent Company’s other financial investments were 
Latvian State Treasury bonds with 10–year maturity, which were purchased with the purpose to invest 
liquidity reserve in the low–risk financial instruments with higher yield. In 2021 in connection with the 
amortisation of other financial investments net losses amounted to nil (2020: EUR 50 thousand) (Note 11) 
are recognised from changes in the value of the purchased bonds.
23. Borrowings
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
Non-current portion of non-current borrowings from financial 
institutions
564,209
533,898
553,862
526,229
Non-current portion of issued debt securities (bonds)
49,866
100,179
49,866
100,179
Total non-current borrowings
614,075
634,077
603,728
626,408
Current portion of non-current borrowings from financial institutions
79,186
107,428
76,866
105,330
Current portion of issued debt securities (bonds)
100,055
–
100,055
–
Accrued interest on non-current borrowings from financial institutions
495
617
455
577
Accrued coupon interest on issued debt securities (bonds)
1,218
1,077
1,218
1,077
Total current borrowings
180,954
109,122
178,594
106,984
TOTAL borrowings
795,029
743,199
782,322
733,392
Movement in borrowings
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
2021
2020
2021
2020
At the beginning of the year
743,199
882,671
733,392
872,899
Received borrowings from financial institutions
79,997
39,500
75,000
35,000
Repaid borrowings from financial institutions
(77,928)
(143,176)
(75,830)
(138,692)
Proceeds from issued debt securities (bonds)
50,000
–
 50,000
–
Repayment of issued debt securities (bonds)
–
(35,000)
–
(35,000)
Change in accrued interest on borrowings from financial institutions 
19
(703)
20
(722)
Changes in outstanding value of issued debt securities (bonds)
(258)
(93)
(258)
(93)
At the end of the year
795,029
743,199
782,322
733,392
Borrowings by categories of lenders
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
International Financial Institutions
286,304
334,506
286,304
334,506
Commercial banks
357,586
307,437
344,879
297,630
Issued debt securities (bonds)
151,139
101,256
151,139
101,256
TOTAL borrowings
795,029
743,199
782,322
733,392
Borrowings by contractual maturity, excluding the impact of derivative 
instruments to the interest rate
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
Fixed rate non–current and current borrowings:
 - < 1 year (current portion of non–current borrowings)
101,273
1,077
101,273
1,077
 - 1–5 years
–
100,179
–
100,179
 - > 5 years
49,866
–
49,866
–
Total fixed rate borrowings
151,139
101,256
151,139
101,256
Floating rate non–current and current borrowings:
 - < 1 year (current borrowings)
–
–
–
–
 - < 1 year (current portion of non–current borrowings)
79,660
108,169
77,300
106,031
 - 1–5 years
413,279
367,474
405,750
362,162
 - > 5 years
150,951
166,300
148,133
163,943
Total floating rate borrowings
643,891
641,943
631,183
632,136
TOTAL borrowings
795,029
743,199
782,322
733,392
Borrowings by repricing of interest, including the impact of derivative instruments
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
 - < 1 year
600,401
461,003
587,695
451,196
 - 1–5 years
69,762
182,196
69,762
182,196
 - > 5 years
124,866
100,000
124,865
100,000
TOTAL borrowings
795,029
743,199
782,322
733,392
As of 31 December 2021 and as of 31 December 2020 all of the Group’s and the Parent Company’s 
borrowings were denominated in euros.
The fair value of current and non–current borrowings with floating interest rates  approximate their carrying 
amount, as their actual floating interest rates approximate the market price of similar financial instruments 
available to the Group and the Parent Company, i.e., the floating part of the interest rate corresponds to 
the money market price while the added part of the interest rate corresponds to the risk premium the 
lenders in financial and capital markets require from companies of similar credit rating level;  therefore, the 
effect of fair value revaluation is not significant.
Lease liabilities of the Group and the Parent Company are disclosed in Note 15.
50

--- Page 203 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
I) Pledges
As of 31 December 2021 the Group’s and the Parent Company’s assets are not pledged to secure the 
borrowings, except the pledge on assets of Liepājas Enerģija SIA of maximum secured claims in the 
amount of EUR 29 million (31/12/2020: EUR 29 million) to secure its current and non–current borrowings. 
As of the end of the reporting year there has been pledged the property, plant and equipment in the net 
book amount of EUR 26 million and the claims on the receivable’s accounts in the amount of EUR 3 million 
(31/12/2020: EUR 23 million and EUR 3 million, respectively).
II) Un–drawn borrowing facilities
As of 31 December 2021, the un–drawn committed non–current credit facilities amount to EUR 35 million 
(31/12/2000: EUR 35 million). 
As of 31 December 2021, the Group had entered into two overdraft agreements with total notional 
amount of EUR  63 million (31/12/2020: five overdraft agreements of EUR 128 million) of which one 
overdraft agreements were entered by the Parent Company with total notional amount of EUR 60 million 
(31/12/2020: four overdraft agreements of EUR 125 million). In respect of all the overdraft agreements all 
conditions precedent have been met. At the end of the reporting year EUR 2,997 thousand of credit lines 
were used; no credit line was used by the Parent Company.
III) Weighted average effective interest rate
During the reporting year the weighted average effective interest rate (including interest rate swaps) 
on non–current borrowings was 1.18% (2020: 1.38%), weighted average effective interest rate for 
current borrowings was 0.67% (2020: 0.77%). As of 31 December 2021 interest rates for non–current 
borrowings in euros were 6 months EURIBOR + 0.72% (31/12/2020: + 0.94%) for the Group and 
6  months EURIBOR+ 0.72% (31/12/2020: + 0.93%) for Latvenergo AS. As of 31 December 2021, 
the total notional amount of interest rate swap agreements concluded by the Group amounted to 
EUR 169.0 million (31/12/2020: EUR 193.8 million) and the interest rate was fixed for the initial periods 
from 7 to 10 years.
IV) Issued and outstanding debt securities (bonds)
In 2015 and in 2016 the Parent Company (Latvenergo AS) issued green bonds in the total amount of 
EUR 100 million with the maturity date 10 June 2022 (ISIN code – LV0000801777) with the annual coupon 
rate of 1.9%. In 2021 Latvenergo AS issued green bonds in the total amount of EUR 50 million with the 
maturity date 17 May 2028 (ISIN code – LV0000802460) with the annual coupon rate of 0.5%. The total 
nominal amount of outstanding bonds as of 31 December 2021 was EUR 150 million (31/12/2020: 
EUR  100 million). All issued bonds are quoted in NASDAQ Baltic Stock Exchange. The issued debt 
securities (bonds) are measured at amortised cost at the end of reporting year.
As of 31 December 2021, the fair value of issued debt securities (bonds) exceeds their carrying amount 
by EUR 545 thousand (31/12/2020: EUR 2.5 million). The fair value of debt securities (bonds) issued is 
calculated by discounting their future cash flows and using the market quoted yield to maturity rates of the 
respective bonds as of the end of the reporting year as discount factor (Level 2).
24. Derivative financial instruments
Accounting policy
The Group and the Parent Company use derivatives such as interest rate swaps, electricity forwards and futures, 
natural gas forwards and currency exchange forwards to hedge risks associated with the interest rate and purchase 
price fluctuations, respectively. The Group and the Parent Company have decided to continue to apply hedge 
accounting requirements of IAS 39 for derivatives.
Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value on the date a derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently 
re–measured at their fair value. Fair values are obtained from quoted market prices and discounted cash flow 
models as appropriate.
The method of recognising the resulting gain or loss depends on whether the derivative is designated as a hedging 
instrument, and if so, on the nature / content of the item being hedged. Other derivatives are accounted for at fair 
value through profit or loss.
The Group and the Parent Company designate certain derivatives as hedges of a particular risk associated with 
highly probable forecasted transactions or variable rate borrowings. The Group and the Parent Company document 
at the inception of the transaction the relationship between hedging instruments and hedged items, as well as 
its risk management objectives and strategy for undertaking various hedging transactions. The Group and the 
Parent Company also document their assessment, both at hedge inception and on an on–going basis, whether the 
derivatives that are used in hedging transactions are highly effective in offsetting changes in cash flows of hedged 
items.
The fair value of the derivative instruments is presented as current or non–current based on settlement date. 
Derivative instruments that have maturity of more than twelve months and have been expected to be hold for more 
than twelve months after the end of the reporting year are classified as non–current assets or liabilities. Derivatives 
are carried as assets when fair value is positive and as liabilities when fair value is negative.
Cash flow hedge
The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges 
is recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity within ‘Hedging reserve’. The gain or loss 
relating to the ineffective portion, if such arise, is recognised immediately in the Statement of Profit or Loss.
Amounts accumulated in equity are recognised in the Statement of Profit or Loss in the periods when the hedged 
item affects profit or loss.
When a hedging instrument expires or is sold, or when a hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, 
any cumulative gain or loss existing in equity at that time remains in equity and is recognised when the forecast 
transaction is ultimately recognised in the Statement of Profit or Loss.
51

--- Page 204 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
I) Outstanding fair values of derivatives and their classification
EUR’000
Notes
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
 
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
Assets
Liabilities
Assets
Liabilities
 Assets
Liabilities
Assets
Liabilities
Interest rate swaps
24 II
– 
(4,312)
– 
(9,504)
– 
(4,312)
– 
(9,504)
Energy forwards, futures, and 
swaps
24 III
25,735
(14,208)
1,557 
(4,993)
25,466
(14,208)
1,557 
(4,993)
Currency exchange forwards
24 IV
– 
–
– 
(7)
–
–
– 
(7)
Total outstanding fair 
values of derivatives
25,735
(18,520)
1,557
(14,504)
25,466
(18,520)
1,557
(14,504)
EUR’000
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
 
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
Assets
Liabilities
Assets
Liabilities
 Assets
Liabilities
Assets
Liabilities
Non–current
–
(2,332)
291
(9,672)
–
(2,332)
291
(9,672)
Current
25,735
(16,188)
1,266
(4,832)
25,466
(16,188)
1,266
(4,832)
TOTAL fair values of derivative 
financial instruments
25,735
(18,520)
1,557
(14,504)
25,466
(18,520)
1,557
(14,504)
Gains / (losses) on fair value changes as a result of realised hedge agreements
EUR’000
 
Notes
Group
Parent Company
2021
2020
 
2021
2020
Included in the Statement of Profit or Loss
8
Interest rate swaps
9
316
–
316
–
Energy forwards, futures, and swaps
8
(13,373)
1,242
(13,642)
1,242
 
 
(13,057)
1,242
(13,326)
1,242
Included in the other comprehensive income
21 a
Interest rate swaps
24 II
4,876
(288)
4,876
(288)
Energy forwards, futures, and swaps
24 III
28,336
(7,479)
28,336
(7,479)
Currency exchange forwards
24 IV
7
(7)
7
(7)
 
33,219
(7,774)
33,219
(7,774)
Total loss on fair value changes
20,162
(6,532)
19,893
(6,532)
II) Interest rate swaps
As of 31 December 2021, the Group and the Parent Company had interest rate swap agreements 
with total notional amount of EUR 169 million (31/12/2020: EUR 193.8 million). Interest rate swaps are 
concluded with 7–to–10–year initial maturities and hedged floating rates are 6 months EURIBOR. As 
of 31 December 2021, fixed interest rates vary from 0.087% to 1.979% (31/12/2020: from 0.087% 
to 2.41%).
As at the end of the year all the outstanding interest rate swap agreements with total notional amount of 
EUR 169 million were eligible for hedge accounting and were assessed prospectively and retrospectively 
to test whether they are effective within the hedging period (31/12/2020: 100% with notional amount 
of EUR 193.8 million). All contracts are designed as cash flow hedges.  During the prospective and 
retrospective testing, an ineffective portion of some transactions has been identified and recognised in 
the Statement of Profit or Loss.
Fair value changes of interest rate swaps
EUR’000
Group
Parent Company
2021
2020
 
2021
2020
Assets
Liabilities
Assets
Liabilities
 Assets
Liabilities
Assets
Liabilities
Outstanding fair value at the 
beginning of the year
–
(9,504)
–
(9,216)
–
(9,504)
–
(9,216)
Included in Statement of Profit or 
Loss
–
316
–
–
–
316
–
–
Included in other comprehensive 
Income
–
4,876
–
(288)
–
4,876
–
(288)
Outstanding fair value at the end 
of the year
–
(4,312)
–
(9,504)
–
(4,312)
–
(9,504)
The main interest rate hedging criteria stated in the Financial Risk Management policy is to ensure average 
fixed rate duration from 1 to 4 years and fixed rate portion at more than 35% of borrowings. As of 
31 December 2021, 37% (31/12/2020: 38%) of the Group’s and 38% (31/12/2020: 39%) of the Parent 
Company’s borrowings had fixed interest rates (considering the effect from the interest rate swaps), and 
average remaining time to interest re–pricing was 1.5 years (2020: 1.6 years) for the Group and the Parent 
Company.
III) Energy forwards, futures, and swaps
As of 31 December 2021, the Group have entered into 44 electricity forward and future contracts 
(31/12/2020: 101 contracts) with total outstanding electricity purchase volume of 899,324  MWh 
(31/12/2020: 358,873 MWh) and notional value of EUR 63 million (31/12/2020: EUR 8 million). As of 
31 December 2021, the Parent Company have entered into 38 electricity forward and future contracts 
(31/12/2020: 101 contracts) with total outstanding electricity purchase volume of 894,708  MWh 
(31/12/2020: 358,873 MWh) and notional value of EUR 63 million (31/12/2020: EUR 8 million). Electricity 
forward and future contracts are concluded for the maturities from one month to one year with expiration 
date during the period from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2023. As of 31 December 2021 the 
Group and the Parent Company have entered into 37 natural gas price swap contracts (31/12/2020: 
30  contracts) with total outstanding natural gas purchase volume of 3,067,000 MWh (31/12/2020: 
3,390,000 MWh) and notional value of EUR 121 million (31/12/2020: EUR 57 million). Natural gas swap 
contracts are concluded for the maturities from one month to one season with expiration date during the 
period of 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022.
The Group and the Parent Company enter into electricity future contracts in the Nasdaq Commodities 
exchange, as well as concludes electricity forward contracts with other counterparties. Electricity forward 
and future contracts are intended for hedging of the electricity price risk and are used for fixing the price 
of electricity purchased in the Nord Pool AS power exchange. The Group and the Parent Company 
have concluded natural gas swap contracts with other counterparties. Natural gas swap contracts are 
intended for hedging of the natural gas price risk and are used for fixing the price of natural gas purchased 
in wholesale gas market.
Electricity forward and future contracts with total outstanding volume of 288,212 MWh as of 
31  December  2021 (31/12/2020: 283,578 MWh) are designated to comply with hedge accounting 
treatment and were reassessed prospectively and retrospectively to test whether they are effective within 
the hedging period. All contracts are designed as cash flow hedges. For the contracts which are fully 
effective contracts fair value gains are included in other comprehensive income. 23 natural gas swap 
52

--- Page 205 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
contracts with total outstanding volume of 1,387,000 MWh as of 31 December 2021 are designated 
to comply with hedge accounting treatment (31/12/2020: 16 contracts of 2,370,000 MWh) and were 
reassessed prospectively and retrospectively to test whether they are effective within the hedging period.
Fair value changes of electricity forward and future contracts
EUR'000
Notes
Group
Parent Company
2021
2020
 
2021
2020
Assets
Liabilities
Assets
Liabilities
 Assets
Liabilities
Assets
Liabilities
Outstanding fair value at 
the beginning of the year
 
1,557
(4,993)
6,717
(3,916)
1,557
(4,993)
6,717
(3,916)
Included in the Statement of 
Profit or Loss
8
(785)
(12,588)
(978)
2,220
(1,054)
(12,588)
(978)
2,220
Included in other 
comprehensive income
 
24,963
3,373
(4,182)
(3,297)
24,963
3,373
(4,182)
(3,297)
Outstanding fair value at 
the end of the year
25,735
(14,208)
1,557
(4,993)
25,466
(14,208)
1,557
(4,993)
IV) Currency exchange forwards
As of 31 December 2021 the Group and the Parent Company have not entered in any currency exchange 
forwards. The (31/12/2020: two EUR/USD currency exchange forward contract with notional principal 
amount of the outstanding USD 0.932 million).
Fair value changes of forward currencies exchange contracts
EUR'000
Group
Parent Company
2021
2020
 
2021
2020
Assets
Liabilities
Assets
Liabilities
 Assets
Liabilities
Assets
Liabilities
Outstanding fair value at the 
beginning of the year
 –
(7)
–
–
 –
(7)
–
–
Included in other comprehensive 
income
–
7
– 
(7)
–
7
–
(7)
Outstanding fair value at the end 
of the year
–
–
– 
(7)
–
–
–
(7)
25. Fair values and fair value measurement
Accounting policy
The Group and the Parent Company measure financial instruments, such as, derivatives, at fair value at each 
balance sheet date. Non–financial assets such as investment properties are measured at amortised cost, but some 
items of property, plant and equipment at revalued amounts. 
The fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction 
between market participants at the measurement date. Fair values are estimated based on market prices and 
discounted cash flow models as appropriate.
The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets is based on quoted market prices at the end of 
reporting period. The quoted market prices used for financial assets held by the Group and the Parent Company 
are the actual closing prices.
The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in active market is determined by using valuation techniques. 
The Group and the Parent Company use a variety of methods and make assumptions that are based on market 
conditions existing at end of reporting period. Estimated discounted cash flows are used to determine fair value for 
the remaining financial instruments.
In this Note are disclosed the fair value measurement hierarchy for the Group’s and the Parent Company’s 
financial assets and liabilities and revalued PPE. 
Methods and assumptions used to estimate the fair values are disclosed in Note 4 j.
53

--- Page 206 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
Quantitative disclosures of fair value measurement hierarchy for assets at the end of the year
EUR'000
Type of assets
Notes
Group
Parent Company
Fair value measurement using
 
Fair value measurement using
Quoted prices 
in active 
markets 
(Level 1)
Significant 
observable 
inputs 
(Level 2)
Significant 
unobservable 
inputs 
(Level 3)
TOTAL
 Quoted prices 
in active 
markets 
(Level 1)
Significant 
observable 
inputs 
(Level 2)
Significant 
unobservable 
inputs 
(Level 3)
TOTAL
As of 31 December 2021
Assets measured at fair value
Revalued property, plant and equipment
14 c
–
–
2,407,773
2,407,773
–
–
776,350
776,350
Non-current financial investments
16
–
–
40
40
–
–
39
39
Derivative financial instruments, including:
Energy forwards, futures, and swaps 
24
–
25,735
–
25,735
–
25,466
–
25,466
 
Assets for which fair values are disclosed 
Investment properties
14 b
–
–
3,316
3,316
–
–
3,602
3,602
Loans to related parties:
 - Floating rate loans
29 e
–
–
–
–
–
172,313
–
172,313
 - Fixed rate loans
29 e
–
–
–
–
–
534,065
–
534,065
Current financial receivables
18 a, b
–
–
238,634
238,634
–
–
153,850
153,850
Cash and cash equivalents
19
–
97,079
–
97,079
–
92,418
–
92,418
As of 31 December 2020
Assets measured at fair value
Revalued property, plant and equipment
14 c
–
–
2,402,069
2,402,069
–
–
778,480
778,480
Non-current financial investments
16
–
–
40
40
–
–
39
39
Derivative financial instruments, including:
Energy forwards, futures and swaps
24
–
1,557
–
1,557
–
1,557
–
1,557
 
Assets for which fair values are disclosed 
Investment properties
14 b
–
–
512
512
–
–
3,334
3,334
Other financial investments
22
–
16,836
–
16,836
–
16,836
–
16,836
Loans to related parties:
 - Floating rate loans
29 e
–
–
–
–
–
131,133
–
131,133
 - Fixed rate loans
29 e
–
86,620
–
86,620
–
611,096
–
611,096
Current financial receivables
18 a, b
–
–
193,042
193,042
–
–
105,184
105,184
Cash and cash equivalents
19
–
100,703
–
100,703
–
98,261
–
98,261
There have been no transfers for assets between Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 during the reporting period.
54

--- Page 207 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
Quantitative disclosures of fair value measurement hierarchy for liabilities at the end of the year
EUR'000
Type of liability
Notes
Group
Parent Company
Fair value measurement using
 
Fair value measurement using
Quoted prices 
in active 
markets 
(Level 1)
Significant 
observable 
inputs 
(Level 2)
Significant 
unobservable 
inputs 
(Level 3)
TOTAL
 
Quoted prices 
in active 
markets 
(Level 1)
Significant 
observable 
inputs 
(Level 2)
Significant 
unobservable 
inputs 
(Level 3)
TOTAL
As of 31 December 2021
Liabilities measured at fair value 
Derivative financial instruments, including: 
Interest rate swaps
24
–
4,312
–
4,312
–
4,312
–
4 ,312
Energy forwards, futures, and swaps 
24
–
14,208
–
14,208
–
14,208
–
14,208
 
Liabilities for which fair values are disclosed 
Issued debt securities (bonds)
23
–
151,139
–
151,139
–
151,139
–
151,139
Borrowings from financial institutions
23
–
643,890
–
643,890
–
631,183
–
631,183
Trade and other financial current payables
26
–
–
163,946
163,946
–
–
166,516
166,516
As of 31 December 2020
Liabilities measured at fair value 
Derivative financial instruments, including: 
Interest rate swaps
24
–
9,504
–
9,504
–
9,504
–
9,504
Energy forwards, futures, and swaps
24
–
4,993
–
4,993
–
4,993
–
4,993
Currency exchange forwards
24
–
7
–
7
–
7
–
7
 
Liabilities for which fair values are disclosed 
Issued debt securities (bonds)
23
–
101,256
–
101,256
–
101,256
–
101,256
Borrowings from financial institutions
23
–
641,943
–
641,943
–
632,136
–
632,136
Trade and other financial current payables
26
–
–
76,429
76,429
–
–
51,664
51,664
There have been no transfers for liabilities between Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 during the reporting period.
The fair value hierarchy for the Group’s and the Parent Company’s financial instruments that are measured 
at fair value, by using specific valuation methods, is disclosed above.
Set out below, is a comparison by class of the carrying amounts and fair value of the Group’s and the 
Parent Company’s financial instruments, other than those with carrying amounts which approximates their 
fair values:
EUR'000
Group
Parent Company
Carrying amount
Fair value
 
Carrying amount
Fair value
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
 
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
Financial assets
 
Fixed rate loans to related parties
 
–
86,620
–
89,409
534,065
611,096
545,297
641,936
Other financial investments
–
16,836
–
18,031
–
16,836
–
18,031
Financial liabilities
Issued debt securities (bonds)
151,139
101,256
151,683
103,762
151,139
101,256
151,683
103,762
Management assessed that cash and short–term deposits, receivables, trade payables, bank overdrafts 
and other current liabilities approximate their carrying amounts largely due to the short–term maturities of 
these instruments.
55

--- Page 208 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
26. Trade and other payables
EUR’000
 
Notes
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
 31/12/2021
31/12/2020
Financial liabilities:
Payables for materials and services
60,945
38,101
29,672
14,783
Payables for electricity and natural gas
78,053
16,178
57,297
385
Payables to related parties
29 b
10,969
8,324
30,541
26,761
Accrued expenses
10,889
12,085
5,832
6,132
Accrued expenses from related partie
29 d
327
–
41,359
2,646
Other financial current payables
2,767
1,741
1,816
957
TOTAL financial liabilities
163,950
76,429
166,517
51,664
 
Non–financial liabilities:
State social security contributions and other taxes
12,405
13,258
4,095
7,244
Contract liabilities
9,822
8,515
4,289
3,771
Other current payables
2,841
2,710
1,160
1,025
TOTAL non–financial liabilities
25,068
24,483
9,544
12,040
TOTAL trade and other current payables
189,018
100,912
176,061
63,704
The carrying amounts of trade and other payables are assumed to approximate their fair values.
27. Provisions
Accounting policy
Provisions are recognised when the Group or the Parent Company have a present obligation as a result of past event; 
it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation, 
and when a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. Provisions are not recognised for future 
operating losses.
Provisions are presented in the Statement of Financial Position at the best estimate of the expenditure required to 
settle the present obligation at the end of reporting period. Provisions are used only for expenditures for which the 
provisions were originally recognised and are reversed if an outflow of resources is no longer probable.
Provisions are measured at the present value of the expenditures expected to be required for settling the obligation 
by using pre–tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of the money and the risks specific to 
the obligation as a discount rate. The increase in provisions due to passage of time is recognised as interest expense.
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
 31/12/2021
31/12/2020
Non-current:
 - post–employment benefits (recognised in profit or loss)
13,623
12,802
6,040
5,745
 - post–employment benefits (recognised in equity)
1,798
2,896
1,367
1,488
 - termination benefits
–
957
–
507
 - environmental provisions
–
662
–
662
 
15,421
17,317
7,407
8,402
Current:
 - termination benefits
311
1,846
133
250
15,732
19,163
7,540
8,652
a) Provisions for post–employment benefits
Accounting policy
The Group and the Parent Company provide certain post–employment benefits to employees whose employment 
conditions meet certain criteria. Obligations for benefits are calculated considering the current level of salary and 
number of employees eligible to receive the payment, historical termination rates as well as number of actuarial 
assumptions.
The defined benefit obligations are calculated annually by independent actuaries using the projected unit credit 
method.
The liability recognised in the Statement of Financial Position in respect of post–employment benefit plan is the 
present value of the defined benefit obligation at the end of the reporting period. The present value of the defined 
benefit obligation is determined by discounting the estimated future cash outflows using weighted average 
discount rate of EIOPA risk-free interest rate, interest rates of Latvian government bonds (maturity of 5 years) 
and EURBMK BBB electricity industry rate. The discount rate used is determined by reference to market yields 
on government bonds due to lack of deep market on high quality corporate bonds. The Group and the Parent 
Company use projected unit credit method to establish the present value of fixed benefit obligation and related 
present and previous employment expenses. According to this method it has been stated that each period of 
service gives rise to an additional unit of benefit entitlement and the sum of those units comprises total Group’s 
and the Parent Company’s obligations of post–employment benefits. The Group and the Parent Company use 
objective and mutually compatible actuarial assumptions on variable demographic factors and financial factors 
(including expected remuneration increase and determined changes in benefit amounts).
Actuarial gains or losses arising from experience adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions are charged 
or credited to the Statement of Comprehensive Income in the period in which they arise. Past service costs are 
recognised immediately in the Statement of Profit or Loss.
EUR’000
 
Notes
Group
Parent Company
2021
2020
 
2021
2020
At the beginning of the year
15,698
15,086
7,233
7,088
Current service cost
1,485
1,337
672
617
Interest cost
145
87
67
41
Post–employment benefits paid
(809)
(1,288)
(444)
(521)
Losses as a result of changes in actuarial assumptions
21 a
(1,098)
476
(121)
176
Transfer of Latvenergo AS employees to Sadales tīkls AS
–
–
–
(168)
At the end of the year
15,421
15,698
7,407
7,233
Total charged / (credited) provisions are included in the Statement of Profit or Loss position ‘Personnel 
expenses’ within state social insurance contributions and other benefits defined in the Collective 
agreement (Note 9):
EUR’000
 
Notes
Group
Parent Company
2021
2020
 
2021
2020
At the beginning of the year
15,698
15,086
7,233
7,088
(Credited) / charged to the Statement of Comprehensive 
Income
21 a
(1,098)
476
(121)
176
Charged to the Statement of Profit or Loss
821
136
295
137
Transfer of Latvenergo AS employees to Sadales tīkls AS
–
–
–
(168)
At the end of the year
15,421
15,698
7,407
7,233
56

--- Page 209 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
Weighted average discount rate used for discounting benefit obligations was 0.92% (2020: 
0.58%), considering EIOPA risk-free interest rate, interest rates of Latvian government bonds and 
EURBMK  BBB electricity industry rate at the end of the reporting year. The Group’s Collective 
Agreement provides indexation of employees’ wages at least at the level of inflation. Long–term 
inflation determined at the level of 3.0% (2020: 3.0%) when calculating long–term post–employment 
EUR’000
Assumptions
Date of 
valuation
Group
Parent Company
Discount rate
Future salary changes
Retirement probability changes
Discount rate
Future salary changes
Retirement probability changes
1% increase
1% decrease
1% increase
1% decrease
1% increase
1% decrease
1% increase
1% decrease
1% increase
1% decrease
1% increase
1% decrease
Impact on provisions for 
post–employment benefits
31/12/2021
1,866
(1,677)
1,966
(1,650)
2,184
(1,807)
830
(744)
874
(732)
972
(801)
31/12/2020
1,173
(1,728)
2,031
(1,701)
2,250
(1,855)
499
(732)
864
(720)
956
(785)
benefits. In calculation of these liabilities also the probability, determined on the basis of previous 
experience, of retirement in different employees’ aging groups was also considered.
A quantitative sensitivity analysis for significant assumptions on provisions for post–employment 
benefits as of the end of the year is as shown below:
The sensitivity analysis above has been determined based on a method that extrapolates the impact on 
post-employment benefits obligation as a result of reasonable changes in key assumptions occurring at 
the end of the reporting period.
Contributions are monitored on an annual basis and the current agreed contribution rate is 5%. The next 
valuation is due to be completed as of 31 December 2022.
Expected contributions to post–employment benefit plan for the year ending 31 December 2022 is 
EUR 5,1million.
The weighted average duration of the defined benefit obligation is 19.80 years (2020 – 19.91 years).
EUR’000
Group
Parent Company
Less than 1 year
From 1 to 5 years
Over 5 years
TOTAL
Less than 1 year
From 1 to 5 years
Over 5 years
TOTAL
Defined benefit obligation
31/12/2021
1,947
2,405
11,069
15,421
1,532
1,064
4,811
7,407
31/12/2020
2,059
2,281
11,358
15,698
1,508
1,054
4,671
7,233
b) Termination benefits
Accounting policy
Termination benefits are measured in accordance with IAS 19 and are payable when employment is terminated 
by the Group Companies before the normal retirement date, or when an employee accepts voluntary redundancy 
in exchange for these benefits. The Group and the Parent Company recognise termination benefits at the earlier 
of the following dates: (a) when the Group entity can no longer withdraw the offer of those benefits; and (b) when 
the Group entity recognises costs for a restructuring that is within the scope of IAS 37 and involves the payment 
of terminations benefits. In the case of an offer made to encourage voluntary redundancy, the termination benefits 
are measured based on the number of employees expected to accept the offer. Benefits falling due more than 12 
months after the end of the reporting period are discounted to present value. Management judgements related 
to the measurement of provisions for termination benefits is disclosed in Note 4 d.
Termination benefits paid out are included in the Statement of Profit or Loss position ‘Personnel expenses’ 
within expenditure of employment termination (Note 9), while termination benefits and projected future 
liability values for 2021 to 2022 are recognised as a liability in the Statement of Financial Position and as 
accrued costs within expenditure of employment termination (Note 9):
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
2021
2020
 
2021
2020
At the beginning of the year
2,803
4,375
757
1,257
Termination benefits paid
(4,281)
(2,387)
(148)
(289)
Changes in provisions
1,789
815
(476)
(211)
At the end of the year
311
2,803
133
757
According to defined development directions per Strategy of Latvenergo Group for the period 2017–2022, 
management of the Parent Company approved the Strategic Development and Efficiency Programme. 
Provisions for employees’ termination benefits are recognised on a basis of Strategic Development and 
Efficiency Programme of Latvenergo Group for the period in which it is planned to implement the efficiency 
program (including Latvenergo AS and Sadales tīkls AS efficiency activities), by which it is intended to 
reduce gradually the number of employees by the year 2022.
Assumptions used in calculation of termination benefits are as follows – average employee earnings at 
the time of termination equal average earnings per year, with projected increase (salary indexation) in the 
year 2022 by 7,9% (2021: 0%), average employee length of service at the time of termination, the State 
Social Insurance Contributions rate is 23.59% in 2021 and 2022.
57

--- Page 210 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
c) Environmental provisions
Accounting policy
Environmental protection provisions are recognised to cover environmental damages that have occurred before 
the end of the reporting period when this is required by law or when the Group’s or the Parent Company’s past 
environmental policies have demonstrated that the Group or the Parent Company have a constructive present 
obligation to liquidate this environmental damage. Experts’ opinions and prior experience in performing environmental 
work are used to set up the provisions.
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
2021
2020
 
2021
2020
At the beginning of the year
662
661
662
661
Charged to the Statement of Profit or Loss
(662)
1
(662)
1
At the end of the year
–
662
–
662
The environmental provision for the Group represented the estimated cost for Latvenergo AS of cleaning 
up CHPP–1 combined heat and power plant ash–fields in accordance with the requests made by the 
regional Environmental Authority of Riga and feasibility study on this project.
28. Deferred income
Accounting policy
Government grants are recognised where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be received, and 
all attached conditions will be complied with. Government grants are recognised as income over the period 
necessary to match them with the related costs, for which they are intended to compensate, on a systematic 
basis. For grants received as part of a package of financial or fiscal aid to which a number of conditions are 
attached, those elements which have different costs and conditions are identified. Treatment of the different 
elements determine the periods over which the grant will be earned.
From 1 December till 31 December 2021, in accordance with Regulations of the Cabinet of Ministers No. 50 
‘Regulations regarding the trade and use of electricity’, the government granted support for electricity distribution 
fee to all end-users in the amount of 50%, which is reimbursed from the state budget. The compensation 
mechanism for electricity end-users provides for a reduction of the electricity distribution system service fee by 
50% of the service fee to the end-user, while not changing the distribution system tariffs.
Public Utilities Commission has not changed distribution system services tariffs and Regulations of the Cabinet 
of Ministers No. 50 ‘Regulations regarding the trade and use of electricity’ determines that the state support is 
granted to end users, determining the beneficiaries (customers), the amount of the reduction and the period of 
the support accordingly. The Group or the Parent Company are not considered to be grant receiver because 
the service is still provided in full and revenues are recognised as revenue from distribution system services in 
accordance with IFRS 15 (Note 6).
Grants related to expense items
When a grant relates to an expense item, and it has a number of conditions attached, it is initially recognised 
at fair value as deferred income. Grants are credited to income on a systematic basis over the periods that the 
related costs, for which it is intended to compensate, are expensed. Management judgements related to the 
measurement of government grants is disclosed in Note 4.
A government grant that becomes receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already incurred or for the 
purpose of giving immediate financial support to a company with no future related costs are recognised in profit 
or loss of the period in which it becomes receivable. Related income is recognised in the Statement of Profit or 
Loss as ‘Other income’ (Note 7).
Grants related to assets
Property, plant, and equipment received at nil consideration are accounted for as grants. Those grants are 
recognised at fair value as deferred income and are credited to the Statement of Profit or Loss on a straight–line 
basis over the expected lives of the related assets.
Accounting policy on recognition of deferred income from connection fees to distribution and transmission 
system disclosed per Note 6.
EUR’000
 
Notes
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
 31/12/2021
31/12/2020
I) Non-current deferred income
 
a) contracts with customers
 
 
 
 
 
From connection fees
6
136,217
138,750
–
–
Other deferred income
802
863
802
863
 
137,019
139,613
802
863
b) operating lease
Other deferred income
342
366
342
366
342
366
342
366
c) other
On grant for the installed electrical capacity of CHPPs
137,450
161,440
137,450
161,440
On financing from European Union funds
8,220
8,459
2,114
1,601
Other deferred income
103
148
52
73
145,773
170,047
139,616
163,114
TOTAL non-current deferred income
283,134
310,026
140,760
164,343
II) Current deferred income
a) contracts with customers
From connection fees
6
14,794
14,167
–
–
Other deferred income
237
924
67
813
 
15,031
15,091
67
813
b) operating lease
Other deferred income
20
20
20
20
 
20
20
20
20
c) other
On grant for the installed electrical capacity of CHPPs
23,990
23,990
23,990
23,990
On financing from European Union funds
896
782
144
7
Other deferred income
–
7
–
4
 
24,886
24,779
24,134
24,001
TOTAL current deferred income
39,937
39,890
24,221
24,834
TOTAL deferred income
323,071
349,916
164,981
189,177
The Group and the Parent Company ensure the management, application of internal controls and 
accounting for the Group’s and the Parent Company’s projects financed by the European Union funds, 
according to the guidelines of the European Union and legislation of the Republic of Latvia.
Accounting of the transactions related to the projects financed by the European Union is ensured using 
separately identifiable accounts. The Group and the Parent Company ensure separate accounting of 
financed projects with detailed income and expense, non–current investments and value added tax in the 
relevant positions of the Statement of Profit or Loss and Statement of Financial Position.
58

--- Page 211 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
Movement in deferred income (non-current and current part)
EUR’000
 
Notes
Group
Parent Company
2021
2020
2021
2020
At the beginning of the year
349,916
375,984
189,177
211,268
Received deferred non–current income (financing)
848
1,441
848
1,441
Received advance payments for contracts with customers
6
–
808
–
808
Received connection fees for connection to distribution 
system
6
12,556
10,749
–
–
Other deferred income credited to the Statement of Profit or Loss
(24,907)
(24,960)
(24,106)
(24,159)
Deferred income from contracts with customer and 
operating lease credited to the Statement of Profit or Loss
(15,342)
(14,106)
(938)
(181)
At the end of the year
323,071
349,916
164,981
189,177
29. Related party transactions
Accounting policy
The parties are considered related when one party has a possibility to control the other one or has significant 
influence over the other party in making financial and operating decisions. Related parties of the Group and the 
Parent Company are Shareholder of the Company who controls the Company in accepting operating business 
decisions, members of Latvenergo Group entities’ management boards, members of the Supervisory board of the 
Company, members of Supervisory body of the Company – the Audit Committee and close family members of any 
above–mentioned persons, as well as entities over which those persons have control or significant influence.
Trading transactions taking place under normal business activities with the Latvian government including 
its departments and agencies and transactions between state–controlled entities and providers of public 
utilities are excluded from the scope of related party quantitative disclosures. The Group and the Parent 
Company enter into transactions with many of these bodies on an arm’s length basis. Transactions with 
government related entities include sales of energy and related services and does not contain individually 
significant transactions and quantitative disclosure of transactions with those related parties is impossible 
due to broad range of the Latvenergo Group’s and the Parent Company’s customers, except for 
transactions with transmission system operator – Augstsprieguma tīkls AS and Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS 
since 10 June 2020.
a) Sales/purchases of goods, PPE and services to/from related parties
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
2021
2020
2021
2020
Other 
related 
parties*
Other 
related 
parties*
Subsidiaries
Other 
related 
parties*
Subsidiaries
Other 
related 
parties*
Sales of goods, PPE and services, 
finance income:
 
 
 - Sales of goods and services
23,359
9,046
43,646
23,206
54,090
8,484
 - Sales of property, plant and 
equipment
2
–
171
–
1,621
–
 - Lease of assets
1,039
16,293
1,483
1,039
2,376
662
 - Interest income
1,341
1,169
9,282
1,341
10,651
1,169
TOTAL
25,741
26,508
54,582
25,586
68,738
10,315
Purchases of goods, PPE, and 
services:
 - Purchases of goods and services
79,188
79,833
346,314
8,362
268,058
6,600
 - including gross expenses from 
transactions with Sadales tīkls AS 
recognised in net amount 
–
–
226,712
–
265,853
–
 - Purchases of property, plant and 
equipment and construction services
2,540
29,517
76
563
13
392
 - Lease of assets
676
689
145
296
182
200
TOTAL
82,404
110,039
346,535
9,221
268,253
7,192
* Other related parties included transmission system operator – Augstsprieguma tīkls AS, Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS (from 10 June 2020 until 25 November 2020), 
Pirmais Slēgtais Pensiju Fonds AS and other entities controlled by the management members of Latvenergo Group
59

--- Page 212 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
EUR’000
 
Notes
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
b) Receivables and payables at the end of the year 
arising from sales/purchases of goods, PPE, and 
services:
Receivables from related parties:
 - Subsidiaries
18 a, b
–
–
25,004
25,704
 - Other related parties*
12,404
2,387
11,866
1,653
 - Loss allowances for expected credit loss from receivables 
of subsidiaries
18 a, b
–
–
(16)
(19)
 - Loss allowances for expected credit loss from receivables 
of other related parties*
(22)
(5)
(21)
(3)
 
12,382
2,382
36,833
27,335
Payables to related parties:
26
 - Subsidiaries
–
–
28,415
24,956
 - Other related parties*
10,969
8,324
2,126
1,805
 
10,969
8,324
30,541
26,761
c) Accrued income raised from transactions with 
related parties:
 - For goods sold / services provided for subsidiaries
18 a, b
–
–
435
1,115
 - For interest received from subsidiaries
18 a, b
–
–
1,381
1,346
 
–
–
1,816
2,461
d) Accrued expenses raised from transactions with 
related parties:
26
 - For purchased goods / received services from subsidiaries
–
–
41,032
2,646
 - For purchased goods / received services from other 
related parties*
327
–
327
– 
327
–
41,359
2,646
* Other related parties included transmission system operator – Augstsprieguma tīkls AS, Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS (from 10 June 2020 until 25 November 2020), 
Pirmais Slēgtais Pensiju Fonds AS and other entities controlled by the management members of Latvenergo Group
The Group and the Parent Company have not incurred write–offs of trade payables and receivables from 
transactions with related parties, as all debts are recoverable.
Receivables and payables with related parties are current balances for services and goods. None of the 
amounts at the end of the reporting year are secured.
Remuneration to the Latvenergo Group’s management includes remuneration to the members of 
the Management Boards the Group entities, the Supervisory Board, and the Supervisory body (Audit 
Committee) of the Parent Company. Remuneration to the Parent Company’s management includes 
remuneration to the members of the Parent Company’s Management Board, the Supervisory Board, and 
the Supervisory body (Audit Committee). Information disclosed in Note 9.
Dividend payments to Shareholder of the Parent Company and share capital contributions are disclosed 
in Note 20 and Note 21 b, respectively.
Dividends received from subsidiaries are disclosed in Note 16.
e) Loans to related parties
Non-current and current loans to related parties
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
Non–current loans to subsidiaries
Sadales tīkls AS
– 
– 
467,786
477,507
Elektrum Eesti OÜ
– 
– 
7,560
–
Elektrum Lietuva, UAB
–
–
1,970
–
Allowances for expected credit loss
– 
– 
(306)
(344)
Non-current loans to other related parties
Augstsprieguma tīkls AS
–
86,672
–
86,672
Allowances for expected credit loss
–
(52)
–
(52)
TOTAL non–current loans
–
86,620
477,010
563,783
Current portion of non–current loans
Sadales tīkls AS
– 
– 
97,000
76,648
Elektrum Eesti OÜ
– 
– 
300
–
Allowances for expected credit loss
– 
– 
(62)
(55)
Current loans to subsidiaries
Sadales tīkls AS
– 
– 
10,000
10,000
Elektrum Eesti OÜ
– 
– 
34,880
7,937
Elektrum Lietuva, UAB
– 
– 
56,198
10,209
Enerģijas publiskais tirgotājs SIA
– 
– 
31,137
73,781
Allowances for expected credit loss
– 
– 
(85)
(74)
TOTAL current loans 
– 
– 
229,368
178,446
TOTAL loans to related parties
–
86,620
706,378
742,229
Counterparty model is used on individual contract basis for assessment of expected credit risk for non-
current and current loans to subsidiaries. The expected credit losses according to this model are based 
and impairment for expected credit loss is recognised on assessment of the individual counterparty’s risk 
of default and recovery rate assigned by Moody’s credit rating agency for 12 months expected losses 
(Note 4 b). Credit risk of subsidiaries is assessed at the same level as Latvenergo AS credit risk considering 
that they are 100% controlled by Latvenergo AS – ‘Baa2 level’ credit rating. Since the initial recognition of 
loans, credit risk has not increased significantly that matches Stage 1.
All current loans to related parties as of 31 December 2021 will be settled in 2022.
60

--- Page 213 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
Movement in loans issued to related parties
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
2021
2020
2021
2020
At the beginning of the year
86,620
–
742,229
794,256
Change in current loans in cash (net)
–
–
319,304
286,688
Change in current loans by non-cash offsetting of operating 
receivables and payables (net)
–
–
(199,767)
(364,096)
Transferred non–current loan liabilities
–
225,232
–
225,232
Issued non–current loans in cash
–
–
7,860
–
Repayment of loan in cash
(86,672)
(138,560)
(86,672)
(138,560)
Issued non–current loans by non-cash offset
–
– 
–
20,000
Repaid non–current loans by non-cash offset
–
– 
(76,648)
(81,275)
Impairment for expected credit loss
52
(52)
72
(16)
At the end of the year
–
86,620
706,378
742,229
incl. loan movement through bank account
Issued loans to subsidiaries
–
– 
716,106
573,957
Repaid loans issued to subsidiaries
–
–
(388,942)
(287,269)
Repaid loans issued to other related parties
(86,672)
(138,560)
(86,672)
(138,560)
(Repaid) / issued loans, net
(86,672)
(138,560) 
240,492
148,128
Interest received from related parties
EUR’000
 
Group
Parent Company
2021
2020
2021
2020
Interest received
1,341
926
10,623
11,578
1,341
926
10,623
11,578 
I) Non–current loans, including current portion
Concluded non–current loan agreements with Sadales tīkls AS
EUR’000
 
Agreement 
conclusion date
Principal amount 
of the loan
Outstanding loan amount
Interest rate
Maturity date
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
29 September 2011
316,271
20,919
29,300
6 months EURIBOR + 
fixed rate
1 September 2025
6 February 2013
42,686
2,134
6,403
fixed rate
10 September 2022
18 September 2013
42,686
8,537
12,806
fixed rate
10 August 2023
29 October 2014
90,000
30,000
40,000
fixed rate
10 September 2024
20 October 2015
90,000
40,000
50,000
fixed rate
21 October 2025
22 August 2016
60,000
33,333
40,000
fixed rate
22 August 2026
22 August 2016
50,000
30,000
35,000
fixed rate
14 June 2027
14 December 2018
260,000
203,875
231,938
fixed rate
31 January 2030
3 March 2020
200,000
195,988
108,708
fixed rate + floating rate
25 March 2030
TOTAL
1,151,643
564,786
554,155
As of 31 December 2021, total outstanding amount of non–current loans with Sadales tīkls  AS 
amounted to EUR 564,786 thousand (31/12/2020: EUR 554,155 thousand), including current portion 
of the loan repayable in 2021 – EUR 97,000 thousand (31/12/2020: EUR 76,648 thousand). As of 
31 December 2021, 5.38% of non–current loans issued to Sadales tīkls AS (31/12/2020: 5%) was 
bearing floating interest rate, which was influenced by 6 months EURIBOR interbank rate fluctuations. 
During 2021 the effective average interest rate of non–current loans was 1.42% (2020: 1.53%). As of 
31 December 2021 for non–current floating rate loans 6 months EURIBOR was -0.523% (31/12/2020: 
6M EURIBOR -0.474%). As of 31 December 2021, impairment for expected credit loss of non–current 
loans to Sadales tīkls AS in the amount of EUR 361 thousand EUR (31/12/2020: EUR 399 thousand) 
was recognised. Non–current loans are not secured with a pledge or otherwise.
Non–current loans to Sadales tīkls AS by maturity
EUR’000
Parent Company
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
Non–current loan:
 - < 1 year (current portion)
97,000
76,648
 - 1 – 5 years
315,672
311,665
 - > 5 years
152,114
165,842
564,786
554,155
Concluded non–current loan agreement with Augstsprieguma tīkls AS
EUR’000
 
Agreement 
conclusion date
Principal amount 
of the loan
Outstanding loan amount
Interest rate
Maturity date
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
8 May 2020
225,232
–
86,672
fixed rate
15 March 2023
Along with the distribution of transmission system assets and unbundling of Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS 
on 10 June 2020, all Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS liabilities were transferred to Augstsprieguma tīkls AS, 
including the Latvenergo AS loan to Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS in amount of EUR 225,232 thousand, of 
which EUR 46,672 thousand were repaid on 18 June 2021 and EUR 40,000 thousand on 20 July 2021 
before the maturity date (on 19 June 2020: EUR 138,560 thousand).
Non–current loans to Augstsprieguma tīkls AS by maturity
EUR’000
Group
Parent Company
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
Non–current loan:
 - 1 – 5 years
–
86,672
–
86,672 
–
86,672
–
86,672 
Concluded non–current loan agreements with Elektrum Eesti OÜ
EUR’000
 
Agreement 
conclusion date
Principal amount 
of the loan
Outstanding loan amount
Interest rate
Maturity date
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
25 August 2021
7,560
7,560
–
6 months EURIBOR + 
fixed rate
24 August 2031
On 25 August 2021 the Parent Company issued non–current loan in the amount of EUR 7,860 thousand 
to subsidiary Elektrum Eesti OU. The annual interest rate according to the loan agreement is 6 (six) 
months EURIBOR (Euro Interbank Offer Rate) plus margin 0.74%. If the Base rate is negative, it is equal 
to zero. The final repayment date of the loan is 24 August 2031.
61

--- Page 214 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
Non–current loans to Elektrum Eesti OÜ by maturity
EUR’000
Parent Company
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
Non–current loan:
 - < 1 year (current portion)
300
–
 - 1 – 5 years
900
–
 - > 5 years
6,360
–
7,560
–
Concluded non–current loan agreements with Elektrum Lietuva, UAB:
EUR’000
 
Agreement 
conclusion date
Principal amount 
of the loan
Outstanding loan amount
Interest rate
Maturity date
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
31 October 2021
1,970
1,970
–
6 months EURIBOR + 
fixed rate
29 September 2031
On 31 October 2021 the Parent Company issued non–current loan in the amount of EUR 1,970 thousand 
to subsidiary Elektrum Lietuva, UAB. The annual interest rate according to the loan agreement is 6 (six) 
months EURIBOR (Euro Interbank Offer Rate) plus margin 0.68%. If the Base rate is negative, it is equal 
to zero. The final repayment date of the loan is 29 September 2031.
Non–current loans to Elektrum Lietuva, UAB by maturity
EUR’000
Parent Company
31/12/2021
31/12/2020
Non–current loan:
 - < 1 year (current portion)
–
–
 - 1 – 5 years
875
–
 - > 5 years
1,095
–
1,970
–
II) Current loans
To ensure efficiency and centralised management of Latvenergo Group companies’ financial resources 
and using the functionality of Group accounts and possibility for non–cash offsetting of mutual invoices 
between the parties, current loans are provided. In the reporting period Latvenergo AS issued loans 
to subsidiaries in accordance with mutually concluded agreement ‘On provision of mutual financial 
resources’, allowing the subsidiaries to borrow and to repay the loan according to daily operating needs 
and including non-cash offsetting of operating receivables and payables. In 2021 the effective average 
interest rate was 0.77% (2020: 0.53%).
On 29 March 2021 an agreement was concluded between Latvenergo AS and Enerģijas publiskais 
tirgotājs SIA for issue of the current loan in amount of EUR 120,000 thousand to ensure Enerģijas 
publiskais tirgotājs SIA financial resources for the fulfilment of public supplier duties and mandatory 
procurement process administration. Maturity date of the loan was 31 March 2022 with the possibility 
to extend the contract for one year if the condition is met that neither of parties propose a termination 
of the agreement one month before the expiration of the agreement. Annual interest rate is fixed 
at 1.098% (2020: 1.115%). As of 31 December 2021, net outstanding amount of current loan is 
EUR 31,137 thousand (31/12/2020: EUR 73,709 thousand).
As of 31 December 2021 impairment for expected credit loss of current loans to related parties is 
recognised in the amount of EUR 85 thousand (31/12/2020: EUR 73 thousand).
f) Interest paid to related parties
Financial transactions between related parties have been carried out by using current loans with a 
target to manage Latvenergo Group companies’ financial resources effectively and centrally, using 
Group accounts. In the reporting period Latvenergo AS has received borrowings from subsidiaries in 
accordance with mutually concluded agreement “On provision of mutual financial resources”. In 2021 the 
effective average interest rate was 0.77% (2020: 0.53%). At the end of the reporting year Latvenergo AS 
has no borrowings from related parties (31/12/2020: nil).
EUR’000
Group
Parent Company
2021
2020
2021
2020
Interest received
–
–
26
11
–
–
26
11 
30. Discontinued operation
Accounting policy
A discontinued operation is a component of the entity that has been disposed of or is classified as held for sale 
or distribution and that represents a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations, is part of 
a single co-ordinated plan to dispose of such a line of business or area of operations, or is a subsidiary acquired 
exclusively with a view to resale.
The Group classifies assets and liabilities held for distribution if the discontinued operation is available for immediate 
distribution in its present condition and distribution is highly probable, as well is measured at the lower of their 
carrying amount and fair value less costs to distribute.
Assets and liabilities classified as held for distribution are presented separately from the other assets and other 
liabilities in the Statement of Financial Position.
Discontinued operations are excluded from the results of continuing operations and are presented as a single 
amount as profit for the year from discontinued operation in the Statement of Profit or Loss.
On 8 October 2019, the Cabinet of Ministers of the Republic of Latvia supported the implementation 
of the “full ownership unbundling” model for the electricity transmission system operator by its 
Protocol Decision No. 46 §38. On 10 June 2020, the Company transferred the ownership interest 
in its subsidiary Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS (LET) to the Ministry of Economics. The transaction was 
a non-cash distribution to the Company’s owners (IFRIC 17), transferring all the shares of Latvijas 
elektriskie tīkli AS in the fair value of EUR 222,678 thousand (stated in the separate financial statements 
at EUR 186,432 thousand) to the Ministry of Economics. As a result of the transaction transmission 
system total assets of EUR 694,290 thousand were disposed of by the Latvenergo Group and profit 
from distribution of non–current financial investments in the amount of EUR 36,246 thousand recognised 
as ‘Other income’ (Note 7).
62

--- Page 215 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
In the 2020 Financial Statements till 10 June 2020 the subsidiary Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS was 
classified as a discontinued operation in accordance with IFRS 5, “Non–current Assets Held for Sale 
and Discontinued Operations”. In the Statement of Profit or Loss was disclosed profit from discontinued 
operation for period from 1 January 2020 until 10 June 2020 in the amount of EUR 9,844 thousand. Net 
changes in cash and cash equivalents of discontinued operation for period from 1 January 2020 until 
10 June 2020 are negative and amounted to EUR 139 thousand. In the Group’s operating segments 
results financial results of Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS are disclosed in transmission system assets lease 
segment because until the termination of its ownership on 10 June 2020 the Management Board of the 
Parent Company continued to review financial results of this operating segment.
31. Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities
The changes in lease liabilities (Note 15):
EUR’000
Group
Parent Company
2021
2020
2021
2020
Net book amount at the beginning of the period
8,344
5,565
4,540
3,502
Recognised changes in lease agreements
1,906
4,178
1,725
1,746
Paid lease payments in cash
(1,275)
(1,111)
(294)
(169)
Paid lease payments by non-cash offset
(400)
(400)
(524)
(632)
Change in accrued liabilities
(285)
(19)
(304)
24
Recognised interest liabilities 
138
131
83
69
Closing net book amount at the end of the period
8,428
8,344
5,226
4,540
In 2021, the movement for borrowings (Note 23) relates to cash flows, except the effect of accrued but not 
yet paid interest – for the Group decrease in the amount of EUR 239 thousand and for the Parent company 
decrease in the amount of EUR 238 thousand (2020: the Group – decrease of EUR 796 thousand, the 
Parent Company – decrease of EUR 815 thousand).
In 2021, deferred income on financing from European Union funds (Note 28) consists of movement 
in cash, except the credited amount to Statement of Profit or Loss - for the Group in the amount of 
EUR 873 thousand and for the Parent company in the amount of EUR 97 thousand (2020: the Group – 
EUR 787 thousand, the Parent Company – EUR 12 thousand).
32. Commitments and contingent liabilities
As of 31 December 2021, the Group had commitments amounting to EUR 136.8 million (31/12/2020: 
EUR 66.6 million) and the Parent Company had commitments amounting to EUR 105.0 million (31/12/2020: 
EUR 28.9 million) for capital expenditure contracted but not delivered at the end of the reporting period.
Latvenergo AS has issued support letters to its subsidiaries – on 9 February 2022 to Enerģijas publiskais 
tirgotājs SIA, on 17 February 2022 to Sadales tīkls AS and on 22 February 2022 to Elektrum Lietuva, UAB 
acknowledging that its position as the shareholder is to ensure that subsidiaries are managed so that they 
have sufficient financial resources and are able to carry their operations and settle their obligations.
63

--- Page 216 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
33. Events after the reporting year
Accounting policy
Events after the reporting period that provide significant additional information about the Group’s and the Parent 
Company’s position at the balance sheet date (adjusting events) are reflected in the financial statements. Events 
after the reporting period that are not adjusting events are disclosed in the notes when material.
On 24 January 2022 the international credit rating agency Moody’s Investors Service has updated 
Latvenergo AS credit analysis. The rating of Latvenergo AS remains unchanged Baa2 with a stable 
outlook.
In January 2022, Latvenergo AS signed two short–term loan agreements (overdraft agreements) with 
term for both agreements up to 2 years for working capital financing and liquidity management – with 
OP Corporate Bank plc Latvia Branch in the amount of EUR 60 million and with SEB banka AS in the 
amount of EUR 30 million.
In January 2022, the Saeima of the Republic of Latvia adopted a Law on measures to reduce extraordinary 
rise in energy prices with the aim to reduce the negative socio–economic impact associated with an 
unprecedented sharp rise in energy prices on the well–being of the population and economic growth. The 
law provides for various types of support measures to legal and natural persons to partially compensate 
the rising costs of energy resources from 1 January to 30 April 2022. Various state support mechanisms 
for reducing energy prices have been established in Estonia and Lithuania, too. Support measures are 
financed from national budgets.
On 22 February 2022 the Cabinet of Ministers of the Republic of Latvia conceptually supported the 
intention of the state capital companies Latvenergo AS and Latvijas valsts meži AS to establish a joint 
venture for the development of wind farms in Latvia.
On 24 February 2022, the Russian Federation has launched an invasion of the Republic of Ukraine. 
Shortly after the invasion, the EU and rest of the world, including global bodies, imposed wide–ranging 
set of restrictive measures against Russia, which is updated and expanded on a regular basis.
Until the date of authorisation of these financial statements, the restrictive measures imposed had no 
significant impact on the Group’s performance, no operations had been suspended and no significant 
direct losses related to the restrictive measures had been incurred at the date of the financial statements. 
Latvenergo Group has not entered into any significant direct agreements with companies in Russia, 
Belarus, or Ukraine, which could have a material negative impact on the Group’s operations in the 
current situation. An additional impact on the Latvenergo Group’s financial results could be caused by 
the general deterioration of the economic situation.
Assessing the possible risks related to the Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and in accordance with the task 
given by the government on 24 February 2022 to replenish gas reserves for national security purposes, 
Latvenergo AS has swiftly procured approximately 2 terawatt hours (TWh) of gas for the security of supply 
of production of the combined heat and power plants of Latvenergo AS. The concluded agreements 
envisage liquefied natural gas supply to Klaipeda Terminal and injection of gas into Inčukalns underground 
gas storage in April and May 2022. Natural gas will be supplied from Norway, the USA and Qatar. The 
purchased amount of gas will ensure the production of electricity and heat at the planned production 
regime of the combined heat and power plants of Latvenergo AS in 2022, at the same time envisaging 
gas reserves in the event of a possible energy crisis.
On March 8, 2022, Latvenergo AS and Sadales tīkls AS signed an agreement on a long-term loan in the 
amount of EUR 175 million.
There have been no other significant events after the end of the reporting year that might have a material 
effect on the Latvenergo Consolidated and Latvenergo AS Annual Financial Statements for the year 
ending 31 December 2021.
This document is signed with a secure digital signature and contains a time stamp
The Management Board of Latvenergo AS:
Mārtiņš Čakste	
Dmitrijs Juskovecs	
Guntars Baļčūns	
Kaspars Cikmačs	
Harijs Teteris
Chairman of the Management Board	
Member of the Management Board	
Member of the Management Board	
Member of the Management Board	
Member of the Management Board
Liāna Ķeldere
Accounting director of Latvenergo AS
12 April 2022
64

--- Page 217 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
Independent Auditor’s Report
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SIA „Ernst & Young Baltic“ 
Muitas iela 1a 
Rīga, LV-1010 
Latvija  
Tel.: +371 6704 3801 
Faks.: +371 6704 3802 
riga@lv.ey.com 
www.ey.com/lv 
 
Reģistrācijas Nr. 40003593454 
PVN maksātāja Nr. LV40003593454 
 
SIA Ernst & Young Baltic 
Muitas iela 1a 
Rīga, LV-1010 
Latvia  
Tel.: +371 6704 3801 
Fax: +371 6704 3802 
riga@lv.ey.com 
www.ey.com/lv 
 
Reg. No: 40003593454 
VAT payer code: LV40003593454 
 
 
 
 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT 
DOCUMENT DATE IS THE TIME OF ITS ELECTRONIC SIGNATURE 
To the Shareholder of Latvenergo AS 
Report on the Audit of the Financial Statements 
Opinion 
We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Latvenergo AS and its subsidiaries (the Group) and the accompanying financial 
statements 
of 
Latvenergo 
AS 
(the 
Parent 
Company) 
contained 
in 
the 
file 
latvenergo-2021-12-31-en.zip 
(SHA-256-checksum: 
834c450c0e9997ba3f2b8b9990c489ac0b35ff44fcb5b6cb5ddd55588e7efa6a), 
which 
comprise 
the 
statements 
of 
financial 
position 
as 
at 
31 December 2021, and the statements of comprehensive income, statements of changes in equity and statements of cash flows for the year then ended, 
and notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory notes.  
In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements of the Group and the Parent Company give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group 
and the Parent Company as at 31 December 2021, and of their financial performance and cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with the 
International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. 
Basis for Opinion 
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing adopted in the Republic of Latvia (ISAs). Our responsibilities under those 
standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the 
Group and the Parent Company in accordance with the International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence 
Standards) (IESBA Code) together with the independence requirements included in the Law on Audit Services of Republic of Latvia that are relevant to our 
audit of the financial statements in the Republic of Latvia. We have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Law on Audit Services of 
Republic of Latvia and the IESBA Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. 
 
 
65

--- Page 218 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
 
 
 
 
 
 
2 
 
Key audit matters 
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the financial statements of the Group and 
the Parent Company of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements of the Group and the Parent 
Company as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description 
of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context. 
We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section of our report, including in 
relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material 
misstatement of the financial statements of the Group and the Parent Company. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to 
address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying financial statements of the Group and the Parent Company.  
Key audit matter 
How we addressed the key audit matter 
Revenue recognition from contracts with customers with focus on periodization (the Group and the Parent Company) 
The Group and the Parent Company in 2021 have recognized in the 
statement of profit or loss revenue from contracts with customers 
amounting to 1,065,219 thousand EUR and 592,785 thousand EUR, 
respectively, as disclosed in Note 6.  
Accurate revenue recognition is inherently more complex in the 
energy sector when compared to some other industries due to the 
large number of the customers, including both residential and 
corporate customers, and various pricing arrangements included in 
the range of products and services provided to different groups. 
Given the variety of contractual terms with the customers, as well as 
different revenue streams and product types included in each stream, 
appropriate periodization of revenue recognition is considered to be 
relatively complex and requires, among other things, continual 
operating effectiveness of controls over the various categories of 
revenue streams. 
In relation to revenue recognition, we performed the following procedures, among 
others: 
• we gained an understanding of the revenue recognition and measurement for 
electricity supply, and distribution system services revenue streams; 
• we have obtained an understanding and tested the relevant key controls 
implemented over revenue recognition and measurement for electricity supply 
and distribution system services revenue streams; 
• we tested relevant key controls over revenue recording, calculation of amounts 
billed to the Group’s and Parent Company’s customers and matching of cash 
receipts to the customers’ accounts; 
• we obtained external customer confirmations for selected largest trade 
receivables balances; 
• we performed analytical review procedures by forming an expectation of revenue 
based on the key performance indicators, including taking into consideration the 
number and composition of the Group’s and Parent Company’s customers, 
electricity supply volumes, changes in electricity prices and also comparing the 
results of our analysis against the prior reporting period;  
• we tested a sample of revenue transactions near the financial year-end for their 
recognition in the appropriate accounting period. 
66

--- Page 219 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
 
 
 
 
 
 
3 
 
Revenue recognition was significant to our audit due to the 
materiality of revenue to the financial statements and the variety of 
products and components included in revenue which might impact 
periodization of revenue recognition. 
We also assessed the adequacy of the revenue related disclosures contained in Note 
2, Note 5. and Note 6. In addition, we evaluated the sufficiency of disclosures made 
regarding significant judgements made by the management in relation to revenue 
recognition Note 4. с). 
Impairment assessment of property, plant and equipment and frequency of revaluation (the Group and the Parent Company) 
As at 31 December 2021, the Group and the Parent Company have 
recognized property plant and equipment (PPE) amounting to 
2,826,654 
thousand 
EUR 
and 
1,066,973 
thousand 
EUR, 
respectively, as reported in the statements of the financial position 
and disclosed in Note 14 a). Certain PPE categories are carried at 
revalued amounts, as disclosed in the accounting policies. 
The Group performed an assessment whether there are indications 
that revaluation of PPE accounted at revalued amounts should be 
performed as at 31 December 2021 as disclosed in Note 14 с).  
The Group performed impairment tests based on the value in use 
estimation for distribution system assets.  
In addition, the Parent Company performed impairment tests for 
certain Hydro power plants (HPPs) (combined impairment test for 
Riga, Plavinu and Keguma HPPs) and assets of Riga Combined Heat 
and Power Plant (CHP). Each of the above in the judgement of the 
management represents a separate cash generating unit (CGU).  
A reversal of impairment amounting to 36,724 thousand EUR was 
recorded in the statements of profit or loss of the Group and the 
Parent Company for Riga Combined Heat and Power Plant CGU in the 
year 2021, while for other CGU’s no changes in impairment charge 
have been recognized as a result of the impairment tests (Note 14. 
d)). 
In relation to the impairment tests for the assets of the distribution 
significant assumptions used by the management include the 
In relation to impairment assessment of property, plant and equipment and 
frequency of revaluation, we performed the following procedures: 
• we gained an understanding of the revaluation and impairment assessment 
process; 
• for distribution system and CHP CGU impairment tests we involved our valuation 
specialists to assist us with the assessment of the impairment test models, 
discount rates applied in each model and other significant management 
assumptions as described; 
• For all CGUs we discussed with the management the information and data used in 
the impairment tests. We compared the most significant inputs to the source data. 
We also compared the amounts used by the management in the cash flow 
forecasts with the historical results and compared the estimated cash flows with 
the long-term budgets approved by the management; 
• In relation to revaluation frequency, we obtained the assessment performed by 
management. We compared the key inputs to the source data. We evaluated 
significant management assumptions used in the assessment.  
 
Finally, we evaluated the adequacy of the disclosures in relation to the impairment 
tests and frequency of revaluation and the outcome of these tests as disclosed in 
Note 4. a) II) and in Note 14. d). 
We have also reconciled that all assumptions related to the revaluation frequency 
assessment are appropriately disclosed in Note 14 с). 
 
67

--- Page 220 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
 
 
 
 
 
 
4 
 
selection of discount rate, pricing forecast for major revenue 
streams, which are contingent on regulatory approvals, assumptions 
related to capital investment plans, as well as terminal value 
calculation.  
HPPs impairment test is based on significant assumptions in relation 
to the selection of discount rate, electricity price and operating 
expenses forecasts, as well as terminal value calculation.  
Riga Combined Heat and Power Plant CGU impairment test is based 
on significant assumptions in relation to the selection of discount 
rate, variable revenue stream forecast in view of legislation 
regulating the cogeneration unit capacity component payments and 
the terminal value calculation. 
Impairment test and assessment of the frequency of revaluation was 
significant to our audit as it involves significant management 
estimates and material judgements.  
 
Reporting on other information  
Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises: 
 
• the Latvenergo Group Key Figures, Latvenergo AS Key Figures, as set out on pages 3 to 4 of the accompanying Annual Report; 
• the Management Report, as set out on pages 5 to 11 of the accompanying Annual Report; 
• the Statement of Corporate Governance, as set out in a separate statement provided by the Parent Company management and available on the Parent 
Company’s website https://latvenergo.lv/en section Investors, 
• the Non-financial Statement, as included in the Management Report set out on page 9 of the accompanying Annual Report, 
 
Other information does not include the financial statements and our auditors report thereon.  
 
Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon, except as 
described in the Other reporting responsibilities in accordance with the legislation of the Republic of Latvia section of our report. 
68

--- Page 221 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
 
 
 
 
 
 
5 
 
In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other 
information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.  
If, based on the work we have performed and in light of the knowledge and understanding of the Group and the Parent Company and their environment 
obtained in the course of our audit, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have 
nothing to report in this regard. 
Other reporting responsibilities in accordance with the legislation of the Republic of Latvia 
We have other reporting responsibilities in accordance with the Law on Audit Services of the Republic of Latvia with respect to the Management Report, the 
Statement of Corporate Governance, the Non-financial Statement. These additional reporting responsibilities are beyond those required under the ISAs. 
Our responsibility is to consider whether the Management Report is prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Law on the Annual Reports and 
Consolidated Annual Reports of the Republic of Latvia. 
Based solely on the work undertaken in the course of our audit, in our opinion: 
• 
the information given in the Management Report for the financial year for which the financial statements are prepared is consistent with the 
financial statements; and 
• 
the Management Report has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Law on Annual Reports and Consolidated Annual Reports of 
the Republic of Latvia. 
In accordance with the Law on Audit Services of the Republic of Latvia with respect to the Statement of Corporate Governance, our responsibility is to consider 
whether the Statement of Corporate Governance includes the information required in Article 562, paragraph two, clause 5 and 8 and paragraph three of the 
Financial Instruments Market Law.  
In our opinion, the Statement of Corporate Governance includes the information required in Article 562, paragraph two, clause 5 and 8 and paragraph three 
of the Financial Instruments Market Law.  
 
In accordance with the Law on Audit Services of the Republic of Latvia with respect to the Non-financial Statement our responsibility is to report whether the 
Company has prepared the Non-financial Statement and whether the Non-financial Statement is included in the Management Report or prepared as a separate 
element of the Annual Report.  
We hereby report that the Group has prepared a Consolidated Non-financial Statement, and it is included in the Management Report. 
 
69

--- Page 222 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
 
 
 
 
 
 
6 
 
Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Financial Statements 
Management is responsible for the preparation of the financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with the International Financial 
Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union and for such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of 
financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 
In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Group’s and the Parent Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, 
disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the 
Group and the Parent Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so. 
Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s and the Parent Company’s financial reporting process. 
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to 
fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an 
audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are 
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of 
these financial statements. 
As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:  
• 
Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures 
responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a 
material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, 
misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. 
• 
Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but 
not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s and the Parent Company’s internal control. 
• 
Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by 
management. 
• 
Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether 
a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s and the Parent Company’s ability to 
continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related 
disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence 
70

--- Page 223 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
 
 
 
 
 
 
7 
 
obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group and the Parent Company to cease to 
continue as a going concern. 
• 
Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the financial statements 
represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation. 
• 
Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Group to express an 
opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain 
solely responsible for our audit opinion. 
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, 
including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit. 
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to 
communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken 
to eliminate threats or safeguards applied. 
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the financial 
statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditors’ report unless law or regulation precludes 
public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because 
the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication. 
Other reporting responsibilities and confirmations required by the legislation of the Republic of Latvia and European Union when providing audit services 
to public interest entities 
We were first appointed as auditors of the Group and the Parent Company by Shareholder, a total period of uninterrupted engagement appointment is 1 year. 
We confirm that: 
• 
our audit opinion is consistent with the additional report presented to the Audit Committee of the Parent Company; 
• 
as stipulated in paragraph 376 of the Law on Audit Services of the Republic of Latvia we have not provided to the Group and the Parent Company the 
prohibited non-audit services (NASs) referred to in EU Regulation (EU) No 537/2014. We also remained independent of the audited entity in 
conducting the audit. 
 
 
71

--- Page 224 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
 
 
 
 
 
 
8 
 
Report on the Auditors Examination of the European Single Electronic Format (ESEF) Report 
Report on the compliance of format of the Group and the Parent Company financial statements with the requirements for European Single Electronic Reporting 
Format  
Based on our agreement we have been engaged by the management of the Company to conduct a reasonable assurance engagement for the verification of 
compliance with the applicable requirements of the European Single Electronic Reporting format of the Group and the Parent Company financial statements, 
including Group and the Parent Company annual report for the year ended 31 December 2021 (the Single Electronic Reporting Format of the Group and the 
Parent 
Company 
financial 
statements) 
contained 
in 
the 
file 
latvenergo-2021-12-31-en.zip 
(SHA-256-checksum: 
834c450c0e9997ba3f2b8b9990c489ac0b35ff44fcb5b6cb5ddd55588e7efa6a).  
 
Description of a subject and applicable criteria 
The Single Electronic Reporting Format of the Group and the Parent Company financial statements has been applied by the management of the Company to 
comply with the requirements of art. 3 and 4 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/815 of 17 December 2018 supplementing Directive 
2004/109/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council with regard to regulatory technical standards on the specification of a Single Electronic Reporting 
Format (the ESEF Regulation). The applicable requirements regarding the Single Electronic Reporting Format of the Group and the Parent Company financial 
statements are contained in the ESEF Regulation.  
The requirements described in the preceding paragraph determine the basis for application of the Single Electronic Reporting Format of the Group and the 
Parent Company financial statements and, in our view, these requirements constitute appropriate criteria to form a reasonable assurance conclusion.  
Responsibilities of management and those charged with governance 
Management is responsible for the application of the Single Electronic Reporting Format of the Group and the Parent Company financial statements that 
complies with the requirements of the ESEF Regulation.  
This responsibility includes the selection and application of appropriate markups in iXBRL using ESEF taxonomy and designing, implementing and maintaining 
internal controls relevant for the preparation of the Single Electronic Reporting Format of the Group and the Parent Company financial statements which is 
free from material non-compliance with the requirements of the ESEF Regulation. 
Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the financial reporting process.  
Auditor’s responsibility 
Our responsibility is to express a reasonable assurance conclusion whether the Single Electronic Reporting Format of the Group and the Parent Company 
financial statements complies with the ESEF Regulation.  
 
72

--- Page 225 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
 
 
 
 
 
 
9 
 
We conducted our engagement in accordance with International Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) ‘Assurance Engagements other than 
Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information’ (the ISAE 3000 (R)). This standard requires that we comply with ethical requirements, plan and perform 
procedures to obtain reasonable assurance whether the Single Electronic Reporting Format of the Group and the Parent Company financial statements is 
prepared, in all material aspects, in accordance with the applicable requirements. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but it does not guarantee 
that the service performed in accordance ISAE 3000 (R) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. 
Summary of the work performed 
Our planned and performed procedures were aimed at obtaining reasonable assurance that the Single Electronic Reporting Format of the Group and the 
Parent Company financial statements was applied, in all material aspects, in accordance with the applicable requirements and such application is free from 
material errors or omissions.  
Our procedures include in particular:  
• obtaining an understanding of the internal control system and processes relevant to the application of the Single Electronic Reporting Format of the Group 
and the Parent Company financial statements, including the preparation of the XHTML format and marking up the Group and the Parent Company financial 
statements; 
• verification whether the XHTML format was applied properly;  
• evaluating the completeness of marking up the Group and the Parent Company financial statements using the iXBRL markup language according to the 
requirements of the implementation of Single Electronic Reporting Format as described in the ESEF Regulation;  
• evaluating the appropriateness of the Group’s' use of iXBRL markups selected from the ESEF taxonomy and the creation of extension markups where no 
suitable element in the ESEF taxonomy has been identified; and  
• evaluating the appropriateness of anchoring of the extension elements to the ESEF taxonomy.  
We believe that the evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.  
 
 
 
 
 
73

--- Page 226 ---
About Latvenergo Group
Corporate Governance
Operating Segments
Sustainability Indicators
Annexes to 
the Sustainability Report
Annual Report
– Key Figures
– Management Report
– Financial Statements
Statement of Profit or Loss
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
– Independent Auditors’ 
Report
 
 
 
 
 
 
10 
 
Opinion 
In our opinion, the Single Electronic Reporting Format of the Group and the Parent Company financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 
complies, in all material respects, with the ESEF Regulation. 
The responsible certified auditor on the audit resulting in this independent auditors’ report is Diāna Krišjāne.  
ERNST & YOUNG BALTIC SIA  
Licence No. 17 
 
Diāna Krišjāne 
 
Chairperson of the Board 
Latvian Certified Auditor 
Certificate No. 124 
 
Riga, 
 
THIS DOCUMENT IS SIGNED ELECTRONICALLY WITH A SAFE ELECTRONIC SIGNATURE AND CONTAINS A TIME STAMP 
 
74

--- Page 227 ---
ISSUER 
Latvenergo AS 
Pulkveža Brieža iela 12  
Riga, LV-1230 
Latvia 
 
 
ARRANGERS 
Luminor Bank AS 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
Liivalaia 45  
10145, Tallinn, 
Estonia 
SE- 105 34 
Stockholm, 
Sweden 
 
 
DEALERS 
Luminor Bank AS 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
Liivalaia 45  
10145, Tallinn, 
Estonia 
SE- 105 34 
Stockholm, 
Sweden 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISER TO THE DEALERS 
ZAB COBALT SIA 
Marijas iela 13 k-2 
Riga, LV-1050, 
Latvia