--- Page 1 ---
IMPORTANT: You must read the following before continuing. The following applies to the Base 
Prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") following this page, and you are therefore required to read this 
carefully before reading, accessing or making any other use of the Base Prospectus. In accessing the 
Base Prospectus, you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions, including any 
modifications to them any time you receive any information from us as a result of such access. 
THE BASE PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED OTHER THAN AS 
PROVIDED BELOW AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER. 
THE BASE PROSPECTUS MAY ONLY BE DISTRIBUTED OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES 
TO PERSONS THAT ARE NOT U.S. PERSONS AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE 
U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED ("THE SECURITIES ACT"). ANY 
FORWARDING, DISTRIBUTION OR REPRODUCTION OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS IN 
WHOLE OR IN PART IS UNAUTHORISED. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE 
MAY RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS 
OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. 
NOTHING IN THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER TO SELL OR 
THE SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY ANY SECURITIES IN ANY JURISDICTION. 
THE SECURITIES DESCRIBED IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL 
NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR WITH ANY SECURITIES 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED 
STATES AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR 
FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS. 
Confirmation of your Representation: In order to be eligible to view the Base Prospectus or make an 
investment decision with respect to the securities described in the Base Prospectus, you must be a 
person other than a U.S. person (within the meaning of Regulation S under the Securities Act) who 
is outside the United States. By accepting the email and accessing the Base Prospectus, you shall be 
deemed to represent that you are not, and that any customer represented by you is not, a U.S. person; 
the electronic mail address that you have given to us and to which this e-mail has been delivered is 
not located in the U.S., its territories and possessions (including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, 
Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and the Northern Mariana Islands), any State of the United 
States or the District of Columbia; and that you consent to delivery of the Base Prospectus by 
electronic transmission. 
You are reminded that the Base Prospectus has been delivered to you on the basis that you are a 
person into whose possession the Base Prospectus may be lawfully delivered in accordance with the 
laws of the jurisdiction in which you are located, and you may not, nor are you authorised to, deliver 
the Base Prospectus to any other person. 
Any materials relating to the potential offering do not constitute, and may not be used in connection 
with, an offer or solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law. If a 
jurisdiction requires that the potential offering be made by a licensed broker or dealer and any 
underwriter or any affiliate of any underwriter is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, any 
offering shall be deemed to be made by the underwriter or such affiliate on behalf of the Issuer in 
such jurisdiction.

--- Page 2 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
  
AKCINĖ BENDROVĖ ŠIAULIŲ BANKAS 
(a public limited liability company incorporated and existing under the laws of the Republic of Lithuania, company 
code 112025254) 
EUR 100,000,000 
Tier 2 Subordinated Note Programme 
Under this EUR 100,000,000 Tier 2 Subordinated Note Programme (the "Programme"), described in this 
base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus" or the “Prospectus”), Akcinė bendrovė Šiaulių bankas a public 
limited liability company incorporated in, and operating under the laws of, the Republic of Lithuania, and 
registered with Register of Legal Entities of Lithuania under the registration number: 112025254, legal 
address: Tilžės g. 149, LT-76348 Šiauliai, Lithuania, telephone: +370 37 301337, e-mail: info@sb.lt, 
website: www.sb.lt (the "Bank", the "Company" or the "Issuer") may from time to time issue and offer 
publicly in Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia in one or several series (the “Series”) subordinated notes (the 
"Tier 2 Subordinated Notes" or the "Notes") denominated in Euro and qualifying as Tier 2 Capital of the 
Issuer.  
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes outstanding issued under the Programme shall not 
at any time exceed EUR 100,000,000. References herein to "this Base Prospectus" shall, where applicable, 
be deemed to be references to this Base Prospectus as supplemented or amended from time to time. To the 
extent not set forth in this Base Prospectus, the specific terms of any Notes will be included in the relevant 
final terms (the "Final Terms") (a form of which is contained herein), therefore the prospectus relating to 
Series issued under the Programme consists of this Base Prospectus and the respective Final Terms.  
This Base Prospectus has been drawn up and published by the Bank in connection with the public offering 
of the Notes in Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia (the Offering) and listing on the regulated market. This Base 
Prospectus has been approved by the Bank of Lithuania (the "BoL"), which is the Lithuanian competent 
authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"), as a base 
prospectus issued in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation for the purpose of giving information with 
regard to the issue of Notes issued under the Programme described in this Base Prospectus during the period 
of twelve months after the date hereof. The BoL has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such 
an approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality 
of the Notes that are the subject of the Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to 
the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
In addition, the Bank has requested that the BoL notifies this Base Prospectus to the competent authority 
in Latvia – the Bank of Latvia (in Latvian – Latvijas Banka) and to the competent authority in Estonia – 
Estonian Financial Supervision and Resolution Authority (in Estonian - Finantsinspektsioon), provide them 
with a certificate of approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
Application(-s) will be made for the Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to listing on the 
bond list (the "Bond List") and to trading on the regulated market (the "Regulated Market") of Nasdaq 
Vilnius AB ("Nasdaq Vilnius"). The Regulated Market of Nasdaq Vilnius is a regulated market for the 
purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as amended, "MiFID II"). In order 
to execute admission of each separate Tranche of Notes to the Bond List of Nasdaq Vilnius as soon as 
possible following their placement to the investors. 
The Notes being offered and sold under this Base Prospectus will be registered within Lithuanian branch 
of Nasdaq CSD, SE ("Nasdaq CSD") (the merged central securities depository of Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia 
and Iceland). Noteholders will be able to hold the Notes through Nasdaq CSD participants, such as 
investment firms and custodian banks operating in Lithuania.  
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 (twelve) months after the date hereof. The obligation to supplement 
this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does 
not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Notes to be issued under the Programme will not be rated. Nonetheless, the Issuer itself is rated by 
Moody's Investors Service ("Moody's"). Moody' is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"). However, an Issuer’s rating is not a

--- Page 3 ---
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
NOTICE TO ALL INVESTORS. This Prospectus does not constitute or form part of any offer or 
invitation to sell or issue, or any solicitation of any offer to acquire the Notes offered by any person 
in any jurisdiction in which such an offer or solicitation is unlawful, in particular in or into the 
Restricted Territories (as defined in Section “Glossary” below) or the Excluded Territories (as 
defined in Section “Glossary” below). The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the 
relevant laws of any state, province or territory other than Lithuania and may not be offered, sold, 
transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, within any other jurisdiction than Lithuania, Latvia 
and Estonia except pursuant to an applicable exemption. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
contained in this Prospectus, the Notes shall not be offered, sold, transferred or delivered, directly or 
indirectly, to any Russian or Belarusian national or natural person residing in Russia or Belarus, or 
any legal person, entity or body established in Russia or Belarus, and regardless of nationality, 
residence or establishment, to any person to whom such offering, sale, transfer or delivery of the 
Notes is restricted or prohibited by international sanctions, national transaction restrictions or other 
similar measures established by an international organisation or any country (including the 
European Union, the United Nations or the United States).  
Distribution of copies of the Prospectus or any related documents are not allowed in those countries where 
such distribution or participation in the Offering of the Notes requires any extra measures or is in conflict 
with the laws and regulations of these countries. Persons who receive this Prospectus or any related 
document should inform themselves about any restrictions and limitations on distribution of the information 
contained in this Prospectus and observe any such restrictions. Any failure to comply with these restrictions 
may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. Such documents should not be 
distributed, forwarded to or transmitted in or into the Restricted Territories or the Excluded Territories. No 
action has been taken by the Company in relation to the Notes or rights thereto or possession or distribution 
of this Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action is required, other than in Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia. 
The Company is not liable in cases where persons or entities take measures that are in contradiction with 
the restrictions mentioned in this Prospectus and any related documents.  
INFORMATION FOR UNITED STATES INVESTORS. The Notes have not been, and will not be, 
registered under the U.S. Securities Act 1933 (as amended) (the “Securities Act”), or with any 
securities regulatory authority of any state of the United States. This Base Prospectus and/or the 
Final Terms are not to be distributed to the United States or in any other jurisdiction where it would 
be unlawful. The Notes may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred, directly or 
indirectly, within the United States or to, for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act (the “Regulation S”)), except to a person who is not a U.S. 
Person (as defined in Regulation S) in an offshore transaction pursuant to Regulation S. 
Investing into Notes involves risks and may not be suitable for all investors. Each prospective investor 
in the Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and, if appropriate, professional 
advice that the investment in the Notes is suitable in light of its financial circumstances and objectives. 
While every care has been taken to ensure that this Prospectus presents a fair and complete overview 
of the material risks related to the Company, the operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries (the 
Group) and to the Notes, the value of any investment in the Notes may be adversely affected by 
circumstances that are either not evident at the date hereof or not reflected in this Prospectus. Each 
decision to invest in the Notes must be based on the Prospectus in its entirety. Therefore, we suggest 
you familiarise yourselves with the Prospectus thoroughly, including principal risk factors that may 
affect the abilities of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk 
Factors" below. 
 
Base Prospectus dated 23 April 2024

--- Page 4 ---
- i -
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
The Issuer, represented by Vytautas Sinius, Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chairman of the 
Management Board, accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and any 
Final Terms. The Company accepts responsibility for the fullness and correctness of the information 
contained in this Prospectus as of the date hereof. To the best of the knowledge and belief of the Company 
the information contained in this Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus contains 
no omissions likely to affect its import.  
Without prejudice to the above, no responsibility is accepted by the persons responsible for the information 
given in this Prospectus solely based on the summary of any Series issued under this Prospectus, including 
any translation thereof, unless such summary is misleading, inaccurate or inconsistent when read together 
with the other parts of the Prospectus, or where it does not provide, when read together with the other parts 
of the Prospectus, key information in order to aid investors when considering whether to invest in Notes. 
 
The Company will not accept any responsibility for the information pertaining to the Offering, the Company 
or its operations, where such information is disseminated or otherwise made public by third parties either 
in connection with the Offering or otherwise. 
 
Final Terms 
Each Tranche of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes" (the "Conditions") as completed by a document specific to each such Tranche called 
final terms (the "Final Terms") as described under "Final Terms" below. In the event of any inconsistency 
between Terms and Conditions in this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final 
Terms shall prevail. 
Other relevant information 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any 
information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the subject 
of Final Terms, must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms.  
The Issuer does confirm that this Base Prospectus contains all information which is (in the context of the 
Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) material; that such information is true and accurate 
in all material respects and is not misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, predictions or 
intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material respect; that 
this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact necessary to make such information, opinions, 
predictions or intentions (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) not 
misleading in any material respect; and that all proper enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. 
Any information sourced from third parties contained in this Base Prospectus has been accurately 
reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by that 
third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. 
Unauthorised information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or 
not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme 
or any information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given 
or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer or any Dealer.  
Neither the Dealer nor any of its respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any responsibility for the 
acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer) in connection with the 
issue and offering of the Notes. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the

--- Page 5 ---
- ii -
 
offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event 
reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial position or performance of 
the Issuer since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any 
time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the 
Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealer to inform themselves about and to 
observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes 
and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to 
the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". In particular, the Notes have not been and will not be registered 
under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) (the "Securities Act") or with any 
securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States that is subject 
to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons (see "Subscription and Sale"). 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealer or any of 
them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any 
Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own 
investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. Neither the Issuer nor the 
Dealer has provided any financial or taxation advice in connection with the Programme or Notes issued 
thereunder. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes will include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each series of Notes about whether, for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance rules under Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593, as amended (the 
"MiFID Product Governance Rules") is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither 
the Dealer or any of its respective affiliates will not be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules. 
Programme limit 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will 
not exceed EUR 100,000,000.  
Certain definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are references to a 
Member State of the European Economic Area. 
References to "Dollar" are to United States dollars, references to "EUR", "€" or "euro" are to the currency 
introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union, and as defined in 
Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended.

--- Page 6 ---
- iii -
 
Language 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
Ratings 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will not be rated.  
Stabilisation 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will not be subject to stabilisation.

--- Page 7 ---
- iv -
 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
References in this Base Prospectus to the financial statements for 2023 and 2022 of the Issuer and of the 
Group are to the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 
2023 and 31 December 2022, which have been prepared in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (“IFRS”).  
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as 
totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
Alternative Performance Measures 
This Base Prospectus contains certain financial measures that are not defined or recognised under IFRS and 
which are considered to be “alternative performance measures” as defined in the “ESMA Guidelines on 
Alternative Performance Measures” issued by the European Securities and Markets Authority on 5 October 
2015 (the “Alternative Performance Measures” or “APMs”). Such APMs are described in detail in "Key 
Financial Ratios and Alternative Performance Measures of the Issuer".

--- Page 8 ---
- v -
 
CONTENTS 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ............................................................................................................................................. i 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION........................................................................................ v 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................................................................ 1 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................................. 6 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ................................................................................... 25 
FINAL TERMS .................................................................................................................................................. 26 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................................ 27 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................................... 42 
HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE ISSUER .................................................................... 47 
KEY FINANCIAL RATIOS AND ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES OF THE ISSUER....... 54 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................................... 58 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ..................................................................................................................... 59 
MARKET ENVIRONMENT ............................................................................................................................. 85 
TAXATION ........................................................................................................................................................ 87 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................... 93 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................. 97 
GLOSSARY ..................................................................................................................................................... 100

--- Page 9 ---
- 1 -
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. This overview must be read as an introduction to this Base 
Prospectus and any decision to invest in the Notes should be based on a consideration of the Base Prospectus 
as a whole and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable 
Final Terms. 
The overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1)(b) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended.  
Issuer: 
Akcinė bendrovė Šiaulių bankas 
Programme Approval: 
The Programme was approved by the decision of the Management 
Board on 23 April 2024.
Programme Amount: 
Up to EUR 100,000,000 aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
outstanding at any one time. 
Description: 
Tier 2 Subordinated Note Programme 
Dealer: 
Akcinė bendrovė Šiaulių bankas (the "Dealer") 
Currency: 
The Notes will be denominated in Euros 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or 
more Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each 
Series will all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue date 
and the amount of the first payment of interest may be different in 
respect of different Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche will all be 
subject to identical terms in all respects save that a Tranche may 
comprise Notes of different denominations. 
Denomination: 
EUR 1,000 
Maturity: 
The Notes will be issued with the term of 10 years and the maturity 
date for each series of the Notes will be specified in the Final Terms 
and subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory 
and/or central bank requirements. 
Listing and Trading: 
Application(-s) will be made for Notes issued under the Programme 
to be admitted during the period of 3 (three) months after the date 
hereof to listing on the Bond List and to trading on the Regulated 
Market of Nasdaq Vilnius.  
In order to execute admission of each separate Tranche of Notes to the 
Bond List of Nasdaq Vilnius and to trading on the Regulated Market 
of Nasdaq Vilnius as soon as possible following their placement to the 
investors but not later than in 1 (one) month, and in order to execute 
admission of each separate Series of Notes to the Bond List of Nasdaq 
Vilnius – in 3 (three) months following their placement.  
Status of the Notes, Ranking 
and Subordination: 
Notes under the Programme will be issued as Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes only. This means that the Notes are intended to qualify as own 
funds instruments within the meaning of point 119 of Article 4(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit 
institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) 
No 648/2012, as supplemented or amended from time to time (Capital

--- Page 10 ---
- 2 -
 
Requirements Regulation, CRR) in the form of Tier 2 instruments as 
defined in Article 63 of the CRR or any successor provision thereof.  
This means that in the event of the winding-up, insolvency or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer, the rights and claims (if any) of the 
Noteholders to payments of the outstanding principal amount and any 
other amounts in respect of the Notes (including any accrued but 
unpaid interest amount or damages or other payments awarded for 
breach of any obligations under the Conditions (if payable)) shall: 
(i) 
be subordinated (be junior) to any present or future 
claims of (A) unsecured and unsubordinated creditors of 
the Issuer (including holders of senior preferred notes 
and the senior non-preferred notes, if any, issued by the 
Issuer), and (B) holders of senior subordinated notes and 
claims of any other subordinated creditors the claims of 
which rank, or are expressed to rank, in priority to the 
Notes; 
(ii) 
rank at least pari passu among themselves and with any 
other present or future indebtedness of the Company 
which constitutes Tier 2 capital (as defined in Article 71 
of the CRR); and 
(iii) 
in priority (rank senior) to any claims of the of holders 
of any outstanding Additional Tier 1 instruments (as 
defined in Article 52 of the CRR), and payments to 
holders of all classes of share capital of the Company in 
their capacity as such holders, and claims of any other 
subordinated creditors the claims of which rank, or are 
expressed to rank, junior to the Notes, 
subject, in all cases, to any present or future mandatory provisions of 
the Lithuanian laws or regulations relating to the insolvency, recovery 
and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms in Lithuania 
which are or will be applicable to the Notes.The subordination of the 
Notes means that upon the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, all 
the claims arising from the Notes shall fall due in accordance with the 
terms of the Notes and shall be satisfied only after the full satisfaction 
of all unsubordinated recognised claims against the Issuer in 
accordance with the applicable law. Furthermore, any liability arising 
under the Notes may be subject to the exercise of powers to write-
down, conversion, transfer, modification, suspension or similar 
related power existing from time to time under, and exercised in 
compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect 
in the Republic of Lithuania (the Bail-In and Loss Absorption Powers) 
by the European Single Resolution Board, the BoL, or such other 
resolution authority or governmental body with the ability to exercise 
any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer (the 
Resolution Authority) in cases where the Issuer as a resolution entity 
meets the conditions for resolution (i.e., is failing or is likely to fail 
and certain other conditions are met). Exercising the Bail-in and Loss 
Absorption Powers is subject to numerous preconditions and will only 
be used as a last resort; however, if the powers are exercised, it is 
possible that: (a) the amount outstanding of the Notes is reduced, 
including to zero; (b) the Notes are converted into shares, other 
securities or other instruments of the Issuer or another person; (c) the 
Notes or the outstanding amounts of the Notes are cancelled; and/or 
(d) the terms of the Notes are altered (e.g., the maturity date or interest 
rate of the Notes could be changed). Therefore, if the Issuer as a 
resolution entity meets the conditions for resolution, the exercising of

--- Page 11 ---
- 3 -
 
the Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Resolution Authority 
may result in material losses for the Noteholders. Financial public 
support will only be used after having assessed and exploited, to the 
maximum extent practicable, the resolution tools, including the bail-
in tool. Consent of the Noteholders is not necessary for affecting bail-
in measures by the Resolution Authority.  
As long as there are no liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings initiated 
against the Issuer, all claims arising from the Notes shall be satisfied 
in accordance with the terms of the Notes and the applicable law. 
Waiver of Set-Off 
No Noteholder may set off their claims arising under the Notes against 
any claims of the Issuer. 
Final Terms: 
The Notes issued under the Programme will be issued pursuant to this 
Base Prospectus and associated Final Terms. The terms and 
conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of the Notes will be 
the Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
Issue Price: 
The Notes may be issued at any price (at nominal amount or at a 
discount or a premium to their nominal amount). The price and 
amount of each Tranche of the Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer at the time of issue in 
accordance with prevailing market conditions and established in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Interest: 
The Notes carry an annual coupon interest at the rate provided in the 
Final Terms, calculated from the date of issue of the Notes until the 
date of redemption. The frequency of the interest payments has been 
provided in the Final Terms. The interest on the Notes is calculated 
based on the 30/360 interest calculation convention whereas interest 
for each full calendar month during the term of the Notes will be 
calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 
30 days each and interest for the partial calendar month will be 
calculated on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual number of 
days elapsed. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes shall be issued in dematerialized form and book-entered 
with Nasdaq CSD. According to the Law on Markets in Financial 
Instruments of the Republic of Lithuania the book-entry and 
accounting of the dematerialized securities in the Republic of 
Lithuania, which will be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market 
(Nasdaq Vilnius), shall be made by Nasdaq CSD. Entity to be in 
charge of keeping the records will be the Issuer. The Notes shall be 
valid from the date of their registration until the date of their 
redemption. No physical certificates will be issued to the Investors. 
Principal and interest accrued will be credited to the Noteholders’ 
accounts through Nasdaq CSD. 
Redemption: 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes 
will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount (as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) on the Maturity Date. 
Issuer’s Optional 
Redemption (call option): 
Before the Maturity Date (as described in Condition 6(c) (Redemption 
and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Issuer)) the Issuer is 
entitled to redeem in whole or in part at any time after 5 years have 
passed from the Issue Date of the Notes at their outstanding principal 
amount together with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for 
redemption as described in Condition 6(c) the Issuer’s giving not less 
than 30 (thirty) nor more than 60 (sixty) days' notice to the 
Noteholders.

--- Page 12 ---
- 4 -
 
Nonetheless, the Notes may be redeemed prematurely by the Issuer 
on the above-described ground only if the European Central Bank (the 
ECB) has granted its consent to the early redemption. The ECB may 
grant its consent for the early redemption of the Notes as from the date 
when 5 years have passed from their issuance only if the conditions of 
Article 78(1) of the CRR are met. The ECB may grant its consent for 
the early redemption of the Notes before the date when 5 years have 
passed from their issuance only if the conditions of Article 78(4) of 
the CRR are met. 
Early Redemption: 
The Issuer is further entitled to redeem the Notes in whole (but not 
some only) prematurely before the lapse of the 5-year term at their 
outstanding aggregate principal amount, together with interest 
accrued (if any) accrued to but excluding the date of redemption if:  
i) 
upon the occurrence of a Capital Event or MREL 
Disqualification Event as described in Condition 6(e) 
(Early Redemption of Notes as a result of a Capital 
Event) or Condition 6(f) (Early Redemption of Notes as 
a result of an MREL Disqualification Event). 
ii) 
there is a significant change in the taxation regime 
applicable in respect of the Notes (upon the occurrence 
of a Tax Event or a Withholding Tax Event) provided 
that the Issuer was not in a position to foresee such 
changes upon the issue of the Notes (as described in 
Condition 6(b) (Redemption for tax reasons)).  
Nonetheless, the Notes may be redeemed prematurely by the Issuer 
on the above-described grounds only if the European Central Bank 
(the ECB) has granted its consent to the early redemption. The ECB 
may grant its consent for the early redemption of the Notes as from 
the date when 5 years have passed from their issuance only if the 
conditions of Article 78(1) of the CRR are met. The ECB may grant 
its consent for the early redemption of the Notes before the date when 
5 years have passed from their issuance only if the conditions of 
Article 78(4) of the CRR are met. 
Noteholder’s 
Optional 
Redemption (put option): 
No redemption at the option of the Noteholders is permitted for the 
Notes under any circumstances.
Substitution and Variation: 
The Issuer may substitute or vary the terms of all (but not some only) 
of the Notes as provided in Condition 14 (Substitution and Variation) 
(including 
changing 
the 
governing 
law 
of 
Condition 16 
(Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers)) without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders. 
Taxation: 
All interest payments in the case of the Notes by or on behalf of the 
Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Republic 
of Lithuania or any political subdivision therein or any authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or 
deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges 
is required by law. In that event, in respect of interest, the Issuer shall 
pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the 
Noteholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as 
would have been received by them had no such withholding or 
deduction been required, subject to certain exceptions as described in 
Condition 8 (Taxation).

--- Page 13 ---
- 5 -
 
Events of Default and Cross 
Acceleration: 
The Notes provide for events of default in certain circumstances, but 
do not contain a cross-default or cross-acceleration provision. 
Clearing Systems: 
The Lithuanian branch of Nasdaq CSD, SE ("Nasdaq CSD") (the 
merged central securities depository of Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia and 
Iceland). 
Risk Factors: 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. 
The principal risk factors that may affect the ability of the Issuer to 
fulfil its respective obligations under the Notes are discussed under 
"Risk Factors" below. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes shall be governed by Lithuanian law.  
Ratings: 
The Notes issued under the Programme will not be rated. However, 
the Issuer itself is rated by Moody's Investors Service ("Moody's"). 
Moody's is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation").  
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries 
of Notes and on the distribution of offering material in the United 
States of America, the European Economic Area, the United 
Kingdom, Japan and the Republic of Italy, see "Subscription and 
Sale" below.

--- Page 14 ---
- 6 -
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in the Notes, prospective 
investors should carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in the Notes, the business 
of the Issuer and the industry(-ies) in which it operates together with all other information contained in this 
Base Prospectus, including, in particular, the risk factors described below. Words and expressions defined 
in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same 
meanings in this section. 
The following is not an exhaustive list or explanation of all risks which investors may face when making an 
investment in the Notes and should be used as guidance only. The below disclosure of risks only includes 
the risks the Issuer deems specific to the Issuer and to the Notes within the Programme, and which the 
Issuer believes to be the most essential for taking an informed investment decision. Additional risks and 
uncertainties relating to the Issuer that are not currently known to the Issuer, or that are currently deemed 
immaterial, may individually or cumulatively also have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, 
results of operations and/or financial position of the Issuer and, if any such risk should occur, the price of 
the Notes may decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment. Investors should consider 
carefully whether an investment in the Notes is suitable for them in light of the information in this Base 
Prospectus and their personal circumstances. 
The risk factors below are presented in categories depending on their nature. In each category the most 
material risk factors are mentioned first according to the assessment of the materiality of the risk factors 
concerned. Unless otherwise specified, the risks relating to the Issuer as discussed in this section below, 
apply to the Issuer together with its branches and subsidiaries operating in Lithuania. 
General geopolitical risks 
Risks associated with the geopolitical conditions impacting Lithuania 
Each of the Issuer’s operating segments is affected by general geopolitical conditions.  Elevated geopolitical 
uncertainty and widening global geo-economic polarisation  are likely to have a negative influence on both 
the European Union and Lithuania's overall economic landscape and financial market conditions. 
 
In February 2022, Russia initiated a war against Ukraine. Consequently, the current geopolitical situation 
in Russia and Belarus, marked by sanctions and embargoes, poses an economic risk to the Baltic region. 
The United States, the United Kingdom and the EU have implemented substantial economic sanctions 
against aggressors, which have material impacts on the economic sentiments, the investment climate, the 
international trade, the energy sector, and potentially the functioning of the banking system in Europe. 
These effects may, in turn, lead to changes in economic or regulatory policy. Together with persisting 
uncertainty and elevated risks of potential escalation of the war and new sanctions these factors negatively 
affect economic activity. Any consequent policy changes or negative impact on economic activity in 
Lithuania, or in the countries where its customers and counterparties operate, could have a direct negative 
impact on the Issuer's strategy, its growth potential, its fees and commissions, and profit margins and, 
consequently, could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of 
operations. The Issuer is closely monitoring the situation and its direct and indirect impacts. 
Negative macroeconomic effects triggered by these geopolitical shifts might potentially have the most 
significant adverse impacts on customers’ ability to service their loans and on the cost for funding resources. 
Issuer uses stress testing scenarios to assess such potential impacts. The severity of this risk is judged as 
high even though Issuer’s exposures to Russian, Ukrainian and Belarus counterparties are low due to 
uncertainties of the future knock-on effects of this conflict on its risk management framework. 
Lithuania is dependent on foreign investment which may not continue to flow in at the current rate. As a 
result, the future economic development and market conditions may significantly worsen and amplify the 
impact of risk factors set out in this section. 
In addition to economic and financial effects, other political events, as well as protectionist tendencies to 
reduce European Union co-operation, may bring further political, legal and regulatory uncertainty. Such 
uncertainty and consequential market disruption may also cause investment decisions to be delayed, reduce 
job security, and damage consumer confidence.

--- Page 15 ---
- 7 -
 
All of the foregoing factors could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
Although the Issuer constantly monitors developments on both domestic and international markets, it is not 
possible to forecast the timing or extent of changes in the economic or political environment. Noteholders 
should be aware that the events described above could have an adverse impact on the interests of the 
Noteholders including the payment of interest and repayment of principal on the Notes. 
General business risks 
Real estate market risk 
As a part of Group’s business activities, the Group finances entities operating in Lithuanian real estate 
sector. As of 31 December 2023, credit exposure to entities operating in real estate and rent and in 
construction sectors accounted to 20.0% (as of 31 December 2022 19.0%) of total gross loans provided by 
the Group before taking into account collateral held. In addition to that, the Group uses real estate as a main 
type of collateral securing both corporate and individual loans provided. As of 31 December 2023, real 
estate with the fair value of EUR 4,972 million (as of 31 December 2022 EUR 4,039 million) was used as 
a collateral for loans provided. Potential negative development of Lithuanian real estate market could have 
a negative impact on both real estate market prices and transaction volume. Such decreases in prices and 
volumes could have an adverse effect on Group’s debtors operating in real estate sector and could degrade 
the value and liquidity of real estate used by the Group as a collateral which in turn could have negative 
effect on the Group’s financial position. Collateral monitoring is performed by the Bank on regular basis, 
additional controls to ensure prudent approach in assessment of collateral value are applied. Credit 
standards, internal risk assessment and mitigation measures in credit-decision making processes ensure 
prudent assessment of risk in loan origination phase The Bank applies  risk monitoring in mitigation  
measures in timely manner, however , considering significant share of clients operating in real estate 
segment  and high dependency on RE collateral , deterioration in Real Estate market could adversely affect 
the ability of borrowers operating in RE segment to service the loans, the value of collaterals  and the 
financial position of the Group respectively. 
Interest rate risk 
Interest rate risk is the risk of loss or reduction of future net income following changes in interest rates, 
including the price risk connected to the sale of assets or closing of positions. In the normal course of 
business, the interest rate risk arises due to timing differences in the maturity (for fixed rate) and repricing 
(for floating rate) of the Issuer's assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet items. 
Due to differences between the Issuer's borrowing and deposits interest rates, the Issuer may face 
considerable interest rate risk, as changes in interest rates, yield curves and credit margins can affect the 
interest rate margin realised between borrowing and deposits. Changes in interest rates can also affect the 
Issuer as such changes can have a disproportionate or unexpected impact on the return on interest-bearing 
assets or the cost of interest-bearing liabilities, or otherwise have a negative effect on the Issuer's financing 
costs. An increase in interest rates can also affect demand for housing loans and other loan products as 
customers incur increased loan costs. The Issuer is also exposed to the risk that the fair value of instruments 
in its liquidity portfolio may be affected due to changes in credit spreads. 
The operations of the Group are inherently exposed to interest rate risk. The amount of net interest income 
earned by the Group materially affects the revenues and the profitability of the operations of the Group – 
during the financial year ended 31 December 2023 net interest income accounted to 79.8% of the Groups 
total operating income (74.8% during the financial year ended 31 December 2022). Interest rates are 
affected by numerous factors beyond the control of the Group, which may be not estimated adequately. 
Such factors include the changes in the overall economic environment, level of inflation, that in turn could 
influence the European Central Bank’s (“ECB”) monetary policy decisions, which can lead to the interest 
rate fluctuations.  
It is difficult to anticipate changes in the market situation and to predict the impact that these changes could 
have. A material change in interest rates and the Issuer’s inability to maintain interest rate margins may 
result in lower net income and could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and 
results of operations of the Issuer.

--- Page 16 ---
- 8 -
 
Despite the fact that the management of the Issuer uses adequate interest rate risk management methods 
and tools, due to the unforeseen fluctuations of market interest rates there may be a mismatch between the 
interest income earned from the lending and crediting operations of the Group and the interest costs paid 
on the interest-bearing liabilities, which may have material adverse effect on the Group’s operations, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
Securities risk 
Securities risk is the risk to incur losses from the investment in securities. The Group has a substantial 
securities portfolio – as of 31 December 2023, securities portfolio accounted for 17.3 % of Group’s assets 
(25.5% as of 31 December 2022). The investment grade debt securities make up the largest part of the 
Group’s securities portfolio (97.0% as of 31 December 2023 and 96.0% as of 31 December2022). Largest 
share of the securities portfolio serves as a secondary liquidity reserve. The Group uses internal risk limit 
system that combines various maturity/rating, geographical region, value at risk, capital requirements, 
issuer, portfolio limits to manage securities risk. However, certain geopolitical, economic or other factors 
may lead to a situation when the unforeseen market fluctuations or disappearance of the active market for 
securities may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s liquidity, financial condition and results of 
operations. If necessary, the Issuer prefers to raise liquid funds from debt securities portfolio, through 
operations of monetary policy of the ECB, by pledging eligible securities. 
Technological innovation related risk 
In recent years the banking industry has been a focus of a number of digital technology-based business 
initiatives and business ventures (“fintechs”) which aim to transform the banking business model and 
compete with conventional banking institutions. A risk exists that new technology-based market players 
could enter the market of banking services, and together with current market players, could significantly 
change competitive landscape of the industry raising the industry standards in terms of digital channel 
presence. Such changes could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s business operations and profitability 
position in the medium to long term. This risk is material specifically for the Issuer as: 
 
 
the main provider of the information system IS Forpost, used by the Issuer, may not be able to 
sustain competition from other market participants due to decrease of subjects, using the 
system; 
 
some of the systems, developed partially by the Issuer itself (e.g., trade and accounting of the 
securities) do not have reliable maintenance. 
As a result, the Issuer published a new strategy and is undertaking a comprehensive upgrade of its core 
banking system which aims to complete in 2026. As main new core banking system provider Issuer selected 
“Temenos” SaaS cloud solution, which provides world class experience, shorten Issuer’s time-to-market 
and give more flexibility with “lego product” configurations. This upgrade aims to enhance the Issuer’s 
technological capabilities, ensuring that it remains competitive in an increasingly digital market. By 
adopting more advanced and efficient technologies, the Issuer expects to improve service quality, increase 
operational efficiency and reduce vulnerability to technological disruptions. This proactive approach is 
important in maintaining the Issuer’s position in the face of rapid industry changes and intensifying 
competition by “fintechs”.  
However, it's important to acknowledge that while this shift minimizes certain risks, it introduces a new 
significant risk: the challenge of smoothly migration to the new system. Transitioning to a sophisticated 
SaaS cloud solution involves complex data migration, system integration, and user training. Any missteps 
in this process can lead to service interruptions, data integrity issues, and security vulnerabilities. Therefore, 
a meticulous, well-planned migration strategy is crucial. This strategy must include rigorous testing, phased 
rollouts where feasible, thorough training for staff, and robust contingency plans to address potential issues 
during the transition. By carefully managing this migration risk, the Issuer can strive to realize the full 
benefits of its new core banking system while minimizing disruptions to its operations and services.  
Even though the management of the Issuer uses adequate risk management methods and tools, there cannot 
be assurance of smoothly migration to the new system, which may have material adverse effect on the 
Group’s operations, financial condition and results of operations. 
Foreign currency risk

--- Page 17 ---
- 9 -
 
Foreign currency risk arises primarily from the acquisition of securities denominated in foreign currencies 
or from foreign currency receivables and liabilities. Foreign exchange rates may be affected by complex 
political and economic factors, including relative rates of inflation, interest rate levels, the balance of 
payments between countries, the extent of any governmental surplus or deficit, and from the monetary, 
fiscal and trade policies pursued by the governments of the relevant currencies. Devaluation, depreciation 
or appreciation of foreign currency may have significant adverse effect on the value of the Group’s assets 
denominated in foreign currency or increase the euro value of the Group’s foreign currency liabilities. The 
Group also calculates Overall net open position (ONOP), which is the higher of the total short or total long 
positions. As of 31 December 2023, the Group’s ONOP was equal to -0.03% of Group’s capital ((0.07% 
as of 31 December 2022).  
Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) risk 
ESG is considered as important risk to the Issuer’s future business. ESG risk management is set as one of 
the key areas within the Group’s ESG strategy that is an integral part of the Group’s strategy. 
The environmental risk is further mainly defined as Climate-related and environmental risk, consisting of 
physical and transition risk: 
 
Physical risk, which is the risks of any negative financial impact on the institution stemming from 
the current or prospective impacts of the physical effects of environmental factors on its 
counterparties or invested assets. 
 
Transition risk , which is the risks of any negative financial impact on the institution stemming 
from the current or prospective impacts of the transition to an environmentally sustainable 
economy on its counterparties or invested assets.  
Other environmental risks include, for example, pollution, biodiversity, energy efficiency, land use, 
environmental compliance, waste and water management, etc. 
The social risk is further defined as risk related to employees, health and well-being, pay gap, also 
community impact, better services, etc.  
The governance risk is further defined as diversity in the governing bodies and managerial positions, risk 
management culture, compliance, litigation risk etc. 
Although ESG factors risk has been incorporated into the monitoring of existing financial and non-financial 
risks, the Group monitors it on a separate basis as well.  
The Issuer is assessing and monitoring environmental (incl. climate-related and environmental risk), social 
and governance risks, however, the Issuer is mostly exposed to transition risk related to impact on Issuer's 
loan portfolio:  
 
financial loss which may result, directly or indirectly, from the process of adjustment towards a 
lower-carbon and more environmentally sustainable economy, e.g., adoption of climate and 
environmental policies, technological progress or changes in market sentiment and preferences 
could impact the ability of Group’s borrowers especially in SME sector to service the loans; 
 
income sensitivity from sectors that are highly exposed to transition risk (sectors that highly 
contribute to climate change) which could have negative impact on commission income in the 
long term. 
The Issuer has constructed the relevant metrics for monitoring this risk and is continuously upgrading its 
risk management. Despite the fact that the management of the Issuer uses adequate risk management 
methods and tools, the ESG risk may materialise and may cause a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
operations, financial condition and results of operations. 
Risk factors, specific to banking activities of the Issuer 
Risks associated with credit portfolio 
This risk is the risk of potential loss which may arise from counterparty’s inability to meet its obligations 
to the Group. The risk affects cash and cash equivalents held with third parties (such as deposits with banks

--- Page 18 ---
- 10 -
 
and other financial institutions), bonds, derivatives, but mostly credit exposures to customers, including 
outstanding loans as well as other receivables and commitments. Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk 
before collateral held or other credit enhancements amounted to EUR 5.05 billion as of 31 December 2023 
and EUR 4.58 billion as of 31 December 2022.    
Third order effects, which come from Russia-Ukraine war as the impacts to the whole economy (energy 
prices, global economic slowdown), might potentially have adversely effect on customers’ ability to service 
the loans and on cost for funding resources. The Issuer is closely monitoring the situation related Russia-
Ukraine war and its direct and indirect impacts. The Issuer has no direct exposure to clients in war-affected 
countries. The Issuer assessed its indirect exposure to credit portfolio for the second order effects (i.e., 
Lithuanian counterparties with supply, sales or ownership ties with Russia, Ukraine and Belarus) and found 
out that the overall second order effect is limited – customers with the risk assessed as medium or above 
comprise less than 5% of total Issuer’s loan portfolio. Monitoring has been increased for those customers 
that according to the assessment could have potential adverse effects. Most of the customers decreased 
second order effect during recent years substituting vulnerable trade channels with new safe channels non 
related to countries involved in the conflict.  Issuer uses stress testing scenarios to assess such potential 
impacts. The severity of this risk is judged as high due to uncertainties of the future knock-on effects of this 
war on Issuer’s risk management framework even though Issuer’s direct and indirect exposures are low. . 
There is no full clarity regarding further development scenarios of Russia-Ukraine war, and uncertainties 
regarding further global, country and sector development, therefore there is a probability that some of the 
Group’s customers will have disruptions in their cash flows due to negative macroeconomic or geopolitical 
developments  and will be unable to meet their obligations by original payment schedules and the Group 
might incur additional credit losses. A major scale deterioration in credit risk could have a material impact 
on Group’s capital levels and lead to insufficiency of capital, which could lead to a failure of the respective 
Group Company to meet its obligations to its creditors. 
 
Loan portfolio concentration risk 
The operations of the Group are subject to loan portfolio concentration risk, which by essence is a risk 
arising from the overall spread of outstanding accounts over the number and variety of clients. As of 
31 December 2023, largest exposure amounted to 15.36% of regulatory TIER1 capital (31 December 2022: 
11.94% of TIER1), while the limit is <25%. As of 31 December 2023, the top 3 industries with largest 
exposure were Real Estate with 29%, Administrative and support services with 14%, and Manufacturing 
with 13% share of the total gross corporate non-financial loans value provided by the Group. The above 
concentration risk may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s operations, financial condition and 
results of operations. If the concentrations are mismanaged, severely adverse credit situation in a segment 
where the Group has excessive concentration could have a material impact on Group’s capital levels and 
lead to a failure of the respective Group Company to meet its obligations to its creditors.  
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk refers to the availability of sufficient funds to meet deposit withdrawals and other financial 
commitments related to financial instruments as they actually fall due. If an institution has insufficient 
liquidity, it may be unable to meet its obligations to its creditors. As of 31 December 2023, the Issuer’s 
financial liquidity coverage ratio was equal to 213.65%.  
The Issuer relies on deposits from retail and corporate customers in order to service most of its liquidity 
needs. The volume of such liquidity is, however, dependent on factors which are beyond the Issuer's control, 
such as changes in general interest rates levels, household savings ratios, the propensity to save by making 
bank deposits and changes in the tax regime applicable to bank deposits. The Issuer’s liquidity position 
may also be affected negatively by a large and unexpected outflow of deposits.  
Notwithstanding that the Issuer’s current financial liquidity coverage ratio is high, in the long term the 
Issuer can face the risk of not being able to raise funds from money and/or capital markets on acceptable 
terms, which may have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s business operations, its performance or financial 
position. As a result, the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the Notes may be affected.

--- Page 19 ---
- 11 -
 
Risks associated with business development initiatives and changes to the Issuer’s operating model 
The Issuer is constantly exploring ways to develop and streamline its operations, meet its customers’ 
demands, stay up-to-date with market developments, make its operations more efficient and improve its 
financial performance and position. Business development is a constant process. To manage this risk, the 
Issuer has a project management structure in place, which aims to ensure the ongoing review of its project 
portfolio in order to effectively allocate the resources and intervene if needed. It is also possible that the 
Issuer will acquire or merge with companies or their portfolios in the future, in order to expand its business 
operations, for example, or to have new resources at its disposal. 
Growth built on company or portfolio acquisitions is associated with certain risks, such as assessing the 
feasibility of planned investments and the integration of the business operations and new employees 
acquired. If the Issuer does not succeed in implementing such measures, future company acquisitions may 
have an adverse effect on the Issuer's business operations, its performance or its financial position. 
Furthermore, with any business development initiatives, possible company or portfolio acquisitions and 
changes to the operating model, there is a risk that the initiative, acquisition, or change may, regardless of 
the Issuer’s efforts, not bring the desired benefits. Moreover, there is a risk that such initiatives, acquisitions 
and changes may result in inefficiencies, stoppages, or delays in the Issuer’s operations, negatively affect 
the Issuer’s customers’ satisfaction (potentially leading to loss of clients), reputation and awareness of the 
Issuer’s brand. The occurrence of any such effect could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
business, financial condition, and results of operations of the Issuer.  
Dependency on information technology systems 
The Group has developed and uses a variety of information technology (IT) systems and web-based 
solutions in carrying out its everyday business operations and providing services for its clients. This means 
that the Group is exceedingly open to IT related risks over which it has no control, including system-wide 
failures of communication infrastructure, quality and reliability of equipment and software supplied by third 
parties and other similar risks. Furthermore, should the Group experience a significant security incident or 
other significant disruption to its information technology systems, sensitive information could be 
compromised, which in turn could result in civil and administrative liability of the Group to its customers, 
counterparties and state authorities. In addition to that, potential illegal attacks on the Group’s internal and 
external IT systems may limit access to both online and offline services of the Group, which would have 
material adverse effect on further operations of the Group and its financial position. The Group may, despite 
its efforts, fail to mitigate all IT related risks or fail to take appropriate and effective countermeasures if its 
IT systems fall under attack, which in turn may have material adverse effect on the Group’s operations, 
financial position and results. 
Risks associated with the Issuer’s human resources 
The Issuer’s performance is largely dependent on the talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals. The 
employees have a high workload and complex planning of resources is required with a need to prioritise 
both business-driven development and regulatory-driven development while simultaneously managing day-
to-day operations. Increased staff-related risks could materially adversely affect the Issuer’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
The Issuer’s continued ability to compete effectively in its businesses depends on the Issuer’s ability to 
attract qualified employees and to retain and motivate its existing employees. Competition from within the 
financial services industry and from businesses outside the financial services industry for qualified 
employees is intense. The need for higher cost efficiency could also result in a lower rate of wage increases 
in the coming years, which may also impact the Issuer’s ability to retain or recruit employees. This may 
impact the Issuer’s ability to take advantage of business opportunities, potential efficiencies, or profitably 
manage its existing or new assets. 
As staff costs comprise the main part of operating costs (2023 – 42.4%, 2022 – 50.4%), increased staff-
related risks could materially adversely affect the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations, also increase in staff costs greater than the market expectations could lead to potentially worse 
evaluations from investors, rating agencies and other stakeholders and impair the possibilities to generate 
capital / attract funding. 
Risks associated with the credit ratings of the Issuer

--- Page 20 ---
- 12 -
 
The Issuer’s credit ratings do not always mirror the risk related to individual Notes under the Programme. 
Currently, the Issuer has a long-term deposit rating of Baa1 and stable outlook from Moody’s. Any credit 
rating agency may lower its ratings or withdraw the rating if, in the sole judgement of the credit rating 
agency, the credit quality of the Issuer has declined or is in question. In addition, at any time a credit rating 
agency may revise its relevant rating methodology with the result that, among other things, any rating 
assigned to the Issuer may be lowered. If any of the ratings assigned to the Issuer is lowered or withdrawn, 
the market value of the Notes may be reduced. Furthermore, such ratings may not reflect the potential 
impact of all risks related to the structure, market, and other factors that may affect the financial standing 
of the Issuer. Accordingly, a credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may 
be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. The Issuer’s ratings may also decline if sovereign 
credit rating of Lithuania is downgraded regardless of any direct correlation with the Issuer’s activities. 
The Issuer can at any time choose to stop cooperating with the relevant credit rating agency, which would 
result  the Issuer is no longer being rated, unless the Issuer chooses to be rated by one or several other credit 
rating agencies. A decline in the rating of the Issuer or withdrawal of the rating by a rating agency may 
have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer. 
Operational risk 
The Issuer is exposed to Operational risk arising from inadequacy or failure of internal procedures, 
employees, process or information system failures and flaws or due to external risks including legal risk 
and reputational risk. In addition, the operational risk embraces risk of corporate fraud and misconduct.  
This encompasses (i) internal risks including theft and fraud by employees, development and process 
failures, business interruptions or breakdowns in information systems and (ii) external risk factors such as 
property damage and fraud by customers. The operational risk may have material adverse effect on the 
Group’s operations, financial position and results. 
The Issuer aims to reduce operational risk by implementing IT tools, developing internal legal acts 
describing internal control measures, thus reducing the likelihood of operational risk events and losses. By 
focusing on consistently providing quality products and services, there is a much lower probability of 
making harmful errors. In the event of an incident, the Issuer takes measures to prevent recurrence. 
Employees are encouraged to report incidents related to product and process issues, employee errors. The 
Issuer does not tolerate recurring deliberate errors, malicious and harmful behaviour, negligence, criminal 
activity, abuse of duties. Special attention is paid to strengthening the operational risk culture through 
internal training for all employees. However, these measures may be inadequate to address significant 
operational risks. Any inadequate or failed internal or external risk-related processes may affect the Issuer’s 
strategy, its growth potential, its fees and commissions, and profit margins and, consequently, could have 
a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. Losses from 
operational risk could damage the Issuer’s capital position or reputational risk event could trigger a bank 
run, where a large number of depositors could withdraw their funds, which would, which would deteriorate 
the Issuer’s liquidity position. 
 
Risks associated with the market environment and macroeconomic conditions 
Risks associated with the general market environment and economic conditions in Lithuania 
The results of the Issuer are affected by the macroeconomic conditions and trends in the financial markets 
in general as well as by the economic condition in Lithuania in particular. The economy of Lithuania is 
small and open economy that is closely linked to the global economy and especially to the macroeconomic 
conditions in the European Union and the Nordic countries. Lithuania is member of the European Union 
and the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation. Any deterioration in the economic environment of Lithuania 
where the Issuer operates, or in the countries where its customers and counterparties operate, could have a 
direct negative impact on the Issuer’s strategy, its growth potential, its fees and commissions, and profit 
margins and, consequently, could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
During recessionary periods, there may be less demand for loan products and a greater number of the 
Issuer’s customers may default on their loans or other obligations. Interest rate rises may also have an

--- Page 21 ---
- 13 -
 
impact on the demand for mortgages and other loan products. Fluctuations in interest rates and in ratings 
in the Eurozone influence its performance. 
Among others, the macroeconomic framework could be influenced by: (i) new international trade policies; 
(ii) global geopolitical tensions (including recent developments in connection with conflicts between Russia 
and Ukraine and the resulting sanctions imposed on Russia and Russian financial and economic agents, by 
the EU and other various countries); (iii) future developments of the ECB monetary policy in the Euro area, 
the Federal Reserve system in the Dollar area, and the policies implemented by other countries aimed at 
promoting competitive devaluations of their currencies; (v) the sustainability of the sovereign debt of 
certain countries and related recurring tensions on the financial markets; and (vi) the volatile trend in the 
price of oil and gas. 
Should any negative development in the economy of Lithuania or in the financial markets generally occur, 
the demand for banking services may decrease and lead to a reduced net interest income from the banking 
business as well as reduced commissions from the asset management and real estate brokerage businesses. 
Weaker demand and any increase in unemployment may also lead to difficulties for the Issuer’s customers 
in meeting their payment obligations, thereby causing increased disruptions in the repayments of loans, 
write-downs and loan losses. A rise in the level of interest rates may have the same effect. The market value 
of financial assets held by the Issuer may also be affected. Furthermore, investors’ demand for returns may 
increase, thus increasing the Issuer’s refinancing costs and hampering the Issuer’s refinancing options. 
Risk associated with information security and risk of cybercrime attacks 
The Issuer’s operations rely on the correct and secure processing and communication of large amounts of 
information, which is often of a confidential nature. As part of its business operations, the Issuer records 
personal identifiable information and financial information that it receives from its customers. Significant 
costs may be incurred if information security risks, such as  compromise of confidentiality, integrity or 
availability of information, are materialized. Costs may also be incurred by the Issuer in protecting itself 
against breaches of data protection rules and in solving problems that have been caused as a result of such 
breaches. 
The Issuer is also subject to EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”). If any member of the Issuer 
or any of their third-party service providers fails to store or transmit customer information in a secure 
manner, or if any loss or wrongful processing of personal customer data were otherwise to occur, the Issuer 
could be subject to investigative and enforcement action by relevant regulatory authorities and could be 
subject to claims or complaints from the person to whom the data relates or could face liability under data 
protection laws. Should some or all of these risks materialise, this may have an adverse effect on the 
business, financial condition, reputation and subsequently results of operations of the Issuer. 
As for all major financial institutions, the Issuer’s activities have been, and could continue to be, subject to 
an increasing risk of cyber-attacks, the nature of which is continually evolving. Digital transformation can 
make it a potential target for cybercrime attempts and that is primarily related to the Issuer’s internet and 
mobile bank users and includes identity theft, unauthorised access to privileged and sensitive customer 
information, including internet bank credentials as well as payment and credit card information. The Issuer 
also expects to face new regulatory requirements, such as DORA, going forward in relation to cybersecurity. 
The Issuer could continue to experience security breaches or unexpected disruptions to its systems and 
services in the future. Such security breaches and unexpected disruptions could in turn result in liability 
towards the Issuer’s customers and/or third parties and consequently have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations. 
Solving such problems can cause interruptions or delays in the Issuer’s customer service, which in turn 
could damage the Issuer’s reputation, discourage customers from using the Issuer’s services or cause 
customers to bring claims for compensation against the Issuer. Any of these situations could have a 
significant adverse effect on the Issuer’s business operations, its performance or its financial position. 
Risks associated with the reputation of Lithuania and of other Baltic countries 
Being a Lithuanian bank, the Issuer's reputation and perception are affected by the international reputation 
of Lithuania and the Baltics more broadly, especially regarding how companies from the region, particularly 
financial institutions, are perceived globally.

--- Page 22 ---
- 14 -
 
MONEYVAL1 in its 5th round mutual evaluation report for Lithuania issued in 2018, highlighted threats 
related to money laundering, including corruption, significant size of shadow economy, organized crime 
and widespread use of cash, and placed the country in an enhanced follow-up procedure. In December 2022 
MONEYVAL published its third follow-up report, which showed the progress Lithuania had made in its 
AML/CFT framework. Specifically, improvements in transparency of legal persons and in powers of 
customs authorities were noted. Overall, Lithuania has achieved full compliance with 8 of the 40 FATF 
recommendations and retains minor deficiencies in the implementation of 27 recommendations where it 
has been found “largely compliant”. 5 recommendations remain “partially compliant”, and Lithuania has 
no “non-compliant” rating. A fourth enhanced follow-up report is due to be published imminently, which 
is likely to note further progress made by the country. 
Eight Nordic-Baltic Constituency countries, including Lithuania, have engaged the IMF2 to conduct a 
regional analysis of money laundering and terrorist financing threats and vulnerabilities. The IMF presented 
the final report of its findings and recommendations in September 2023. The report gives an overall positive 
assessment of the region’s AML/CFT framework and efforts in its development. It also highlights 
Lithuania’s progress in the area. At the same time, it is noted that Lithuania must ensure close cooperation 
and coordination between institutions when addressing emerging challenges. 
Furthermore, Baltic region progress in strengthening AML/CFT framework is also indicated by high AML 
country rankings. E. g., a widely recognized annual Basel AML Index by Basel Institute on Governance in 
its latest 2023 public edition lists all 3 countries in the top 20 of lowest risk jurisdictions globally (Lithuania 
in 9th, Latvia – 20th and Estonia – 3rd place). 
While no money laundering allegations have been made against the Issuer, the reputation of other Baltic 
financial institutions may still affect its ability to raise funding from international markets on favorable 
terms. There is also a risk that some of the Issuer’s direct or indirect counterparties (e.g., correspondent 
banks) and/or customers may wish to terminate or limit the scope of their business relationships with Baltic 
financial institutions, including the Issuer, or subject Baltic financial institutions, including the Issuer, to 
more rigorous control. Furthermore, it is possible that the Issuer’s business partners or international or 
supranational authorities (for example, FATF or the European Commission) may apply mandatory 
enhanced due diligence measures against financial institutions established and/or operating in any or all of 
the Baltic countries, thus affecting business operations of the Issuer. 
Competition risk 
The Lithuanian banking market is dominated by several large financial institutions. These are banks that 
have a long history in this market and are internationally active (SEB, Swedbank, Luminor, Citadele). 
Because of their size and capital, these banks can offer a wide range of services to their customers, invest 
in the latest technology, and participate in major projects. As a result, they represent a significant market 
share. On the other hand, in recent years, technological innovation, particularly in the financial technology 
(FinTech) sector, has led to the emergence of many new players offering alternative banking services. These 
newcomers, although they do not have as much capital or a long history, are able to adapt quickly to market 
needs, offer innovative services and attract new customers. Therefore, while the big banks maintain their 
dominance, they also must respond to these new challenges and change their strategies. This means that 
competition between banks in Lithuania is intensifying and will intensify significantly in the future. 
In each of the business segments, the Group competes primarily on the basis of its service range, pricing, 
established client relationships, technical knowledge and the efficient handling of banking operations. If 
the Group is unable to continue provision of its services to existing clients, developing new services 
portfolios and attracting new clients, responding to client trends, increasing its operating efficiency and 
reducing its operating and overhead costs, it may not be able to successfully compete in the market. Should 
the Group fail to maintain its market position in the market and business segments, this could have a 
material adverse effect on the net assets, financial position and financial performance of the Group. 
There is no guarantee that (i) the Issuer’s strategies will be sufficiently competitive or that (ii) such 
strategies will meet customer needs and expectations in the future as competition increases and the 
 
1 Committee of Experts on the Evaluation of Anti-Money Laundering Measures and the Financing of Terrorism 
(MONEYVAL). It is a regional FATF-style body, among other things, tasked with conducting regular member country 
mutual AML/CFT framework evaluations based on compliance with FATF recommendations and guidelines.

--- Page 23 ---
- 15 -
 
availability of products and services grows on the international markets, or that they will otherwise be 
successful. It is also possible that the Issuer may not be able to put its strategies into practice and succeed 
in integrating the different services from its various business areas, thus creating synergy effects between 
them. Additionally, changes in business strategy entail risks of their own, including in relation to 
operational risks, risks of insufficient training of personnel and IT risks. 
If the Issuer fails to respond to the competitive environment in its target markets by offering attractive and 
profitable product and service solutions, it may affect the Issuer’s competitiveness, its market shares, its 
growth potential, its customer base and, consequently, could have a material adverse effect on its business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
 
Risks associated with the legal and regulatory environment 
Risks associated with abuse of the financial system 
The regulations applicable to the financial sector on the prevention of money laundering, corruption and 
the financing of terrorism, as well as implementation of international sanctions have been and are subject 
to ongoing tightening. In global terms, the risk that banks may become the subject of or be exploited for 
the purposes of money laundering or the financing of terrorism has increased. The risk of future incidents 
involving money laundering or financing of terrorism is always on the agenda for financial institutions and 
falls under the scope of annual Enterprise Wide-Risk Assessment procedure. Any breach of the rules that 
aim to prevent the illegal exploitation of the financial system or even the suspicion of such infringements 
could have grave legal consequences for the Issuer and its reputation, which, in turn, could have a 
significant adverse effect on the Issuer in terms of regulatory fines and reputational damage. Seeking to 
manage and mitigate such risks, the Issuer applies AML/CFT measures. Effectiveness of AML/CFT 
measures is under scope of regular control, internal audit and clear reporting lines (including escalation to 
Top Management). 
Geopolitical situation significantly increased sanctions risks with the Russia-Ukraine war that started at the 
end of February 2022. The Issuer has 2 corporate customers incorporated in Lithuania with Russian or 
Belorussian sanctioned subjects’ ownership/control, which are subject to EU asset freezes. Required EU 
regulations’ restrictions were applied on the customers’ accounts: the Issuer has taken appropriate 
mitigating measures by freezing the assets and subjecting the relevant counterparties to enhanced 
monitoring. Business relationships with these entities started before their owners / controlling persons were 
sanctioned. Transactions can be executed only according to relevant EU Regulations, with authorization of 
National Competent Authority. The Issuer is looking for ways to discontinue these relationships. 
Regardless of the risk mitigation measures that the Issuer is taking, there can be no assurance that the AML, 
CFT and sanctions measures of the Issuer are and have in the past been always sufficient and there will be 
no proceedings, investigations or allegations involving the Issuer. 
The Issuer’s screening and monitoring approach, supporting processes and systems may not fully prevent 
the execution or facilitation of transaction(s) which have exposure to money laundering, sanctions and/or 
terrorism financing offences. 
The Issuer monitors transactions according to predefined scenarios and thresholds. However, there is a risk 
that the Issuer may not be able to detect all the patterns and occurrences in a customer’s behaviour which 
indicate breaches of AML/CFT or sanctions laws on the part of the customer. 
The Issuer has developed a regular reporting routine and has defined additional need-based escalation topics 
to Management containing both qualitative and quantitative components. Nevertheless, risks may arise 
where the Issuer has not sufficiently defined the content of reporting principles. The occurrence and 
realisation of the above-mentioned risks could have a severely negative impact on the Issuer, its financial 
standing, reputation and business due to the enforcement activities of national supervisory authorities and 
adverse public opinion.  
 
Risks associated with regulatory requirements and the Issuer’s legal obligations

--- Page 24 ---
- 16 -
 
The Issuer’s business operations are subject to a large number of laws and regulations concerning banking 
operations and financial services and the Issuer is subject to stringent, constantly increasing and changing 
regulation and supervision, which means that the Issuer may be subject to intervention from the regulatory 
authorities and there is no assurance that the Issuer will be found fully compliant with all applicable laws 
and regulations. 
In recent years, the regulation of banking operations and the financial sector in general has undergone 
extensive changes in Lithuania, in the European Union and internationally. Implementation of new 
guidelines and regulations (for example Basel III reforms) increases Compliance risk as well as the 
administrative burden, resulting in increased costs and lower profitability.  Currently undetermined changes 
of capital buffers requirements can have an impact banking operations, for example, and can lead to further 
costs and obligations for the Issuer. Changes may also be imposed on rules governing how the Issuer runs 
its business. New regulation may force the Issuer to reduce its level of risk, its volume of business and the 
lending ratio in some operations.  
There have been ongoing regulatory changes and upcoming new requirements that are focusing ESG factors. 
The Issuer is constantly following the ESG factors-related regulatory requirements and making efforts to 
comply with them on time. However, given the complexity and dynamics of changes in ESG factors-related 
regulations, and as part of them are upcoming, there is a risk that the Issuer may not to comply with all such 
ESG factors-related regulatory requirements on full scope. Failure to comply with such ESG factors 
requirements may have an adverse impact on the Issuer through the imposition of fines and other regulatory 
sanctions as well as through reputational damage. 
On 9 May 2023 the Law on Temporary Solidarity Contribution was adopted, which aims to establish a 
temporary solidarity contribution in Lithuania, directed to a part of the net interest windfall of credit 
institutions. The solidarity contribution is applicable for the period until 31 December 2024. However, there 
are no guarantee that this term will not be extended or other similar contributions will be not adopted.   
Measures taken by the authorities or unfavourable decisions in disputes with the authorities could also result 
in fines or restrictions and limits being imposed on the Issuer’s business operations and give cause for 
negative publicity. Breaches against competition laws can also result in severe monetary sanctions. 
Any tightening of consumer protection laws or the interpretation thereof by courts or other competent 
authorities could result in lower profitability of certain of its products and services, which may impair its 
ability to offer certain products and services or to enforce certain clauses and thus have an adverse effect 
on the results of operations. 
Likewise, limitations imposed by, and the cost of compliance with the rules imposed by MiFID II and 
related legislation may result in further limitations, increased cost and lower profitability of the Issuer's 
banking business involving financial instruments. This may have a negative impact on the ability of the 
Issuer to fulfil its obligations in relation to Notes issued under this Base Prospectus. 
Furthermore, banking activities are largely dependent on contractual relations. Customers and 
counterparties to agreements that any member of the Issuer has entered into may submit claims against the 
Issuer or its Subsidiaries that can lead to disputes and legal action. Such demands may, for example, concern 
liability towards customers with regard to the sale of unsuitable products or with regard to incorrect advice. 
If the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries is deemed to have neglected its duties, it may be liable to pay damages. 
Any legal action against any member of the Issuer can also have a negative impact on the Issuer’s reputation, 
which in turn could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
If any of the risks set out above were realised, this could have a significant adverse effect on the Issuer's 
business operations, its performance or its financial position. 
Risk associated with regulatory capital requirements 
The Issuer is subject to supervision by the ECB through the Single Supervisory Mechanism is subject to 
capital, liquidity coverage and other requirements that banks must observe. These requirements serve as 
safeguards that help ensure safe and sound banking activities. The Bank is subject to capital and own funds, 
SREP capital, additional capital buffers, liquidity and the large exposure requirements.

--- Page 25 ---
- 17 -
 
The supervisory institutions may set other ratios without contradiction to the recommendations of the Basel 
Committee on Banking Supervision and European Union legislation. 
Capital adequacy is the main indicator for assessment of solvency of credit institutions. Failure to maintain 
sufficient capital to absorb the losses from all the risks the Group is exposed to may lead to failure of the 
institution to meet its obligations to its creditors. As of the date of the Prospectus the Issuer is complying 
with all applicable capital requirements. Its CET1 ratio as of 31 December 2023 is18.16% (2022 – 18.14%), 
i.e., higher than the required minimum level of 12.10%; overall capital adequacy ratio as of 31 December 
2023 is 20,67% ( 2022 – 18,96%) – i.e., higher than required minimum level of 16.49%.  
The capital requirements adopted in Lithuania and in the European Union may change, whether as a result 
of further changes of the European Union or Lithuanian legislation, global standards or interpretation 
thereof. 
The Issuer structures and plans its activities so that it would ensure compliance with regulatory 
requirements with sufficient buffers to cover the stressed conditions, but the realisation of a single risk 
factor or a combination of multiple risk factors beyond the Issuer’s expectations could result in larger shock 
than expected and then lead to deterioration of either (or both) capital and liquidity position and failure to 
satisfy the regulatory requirements.  
Any failure by the Issuer to satisfy the regulatory capital requirements, liquidity requirements and other 
requirements applied to the Issuer, and any further increases in such requirements, could result in regulatory 
intervention or sanctions or significant reputation harm, which may have material adverse effect on the 
Issuer’s financial condition, results of operation and prospects. In addition to that, the Issuer may be able 
to raise such capital but not at commercially attractive terms and conditions, leading to weaker profitability. 
 
Risks associated with the Notes 
Any Notes issued under the Programme may be subjected in the future to the bail-in and loss absorption 
resolution tool by the Relevant Resolution Authority and to the mandatory burden sharing measures for 
the provision of precautionary capital support which may result into their write-down in full 
Under the Law on Financial Sustainability, powers have been granted to the Relevant Resolution Authority 
which include the bail-in and loss absorption tool through which a credit institution subjected to resolution 
may be recapitalised either by way of write-down or conversion of liabilities into ordinary shares. The bail-
in and loss absorption tool may be imposed either as a sole resolution measure or in combination with the 
rest of the resolution tools that may be imposed by the Relevant Resolution Authority in case of the 
resolution of a failing credit institution. 
Any Notes that will be issued under the Base Prospectus may be subjected to the said bail-in and loss 
absorption tool. So, if the Issuer is subjected to resolution measures in the future, then the value of such 
Notes may be written down (up to zero) as a result of the imposition of the bail-in and loss absorption tool 
by the Competent Authority. Furthermore, the Notes may be subject to modifications or the disapplication 
of provisions in the Conditions of the Notes, including alteration of the principal amount or any interest 
payable on the Notes, the maturity date or any other dates on which payments may be due, as well as the 
suspension of payments for a certain period. 
Pursuant to Condition 16 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers), each Noteholder of 
the Notes acknowledges and accepts that any liability of the Issuer arising under the Notes may be subject 
to the exercise of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
Under certain circumstances, the Issuer's ability to redeem or repurchase the Notes may be limited  
Under the Law on Financial Sustainability, powers have been granted to the Relevant Resolution Authority 
The rules under the CRD Package prescribe certain conditions for the granting of permission by the 
Competent Authority or the Relevant Resolution Authority (as applicable) to a request by the Issuer to 
redeem or repurchase the Notes. The Issuer may redeem or repurchase the Notes only if such redemption 
or repurchase is in accordance with applicable provisions of the Applicable Banking Regulations, and, 
where necessary, has been granted the permission from the Competent Authority and, in addition if:

--- Page 26 ---
- 18 -
 
(i) 
on or before such redemption or repurchase of the Notes, the Issuer replaces the Notes with 
own funds instruments or eligible liabilities instruments (as applicable) of an equal or higher 
quality on terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that its own funds 
and eligible liabilities would, following such redemption or repurchase, exceed the 
requirements under the Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin that the Competent 
Authority or to the extent that such Notes have ceased to qualify, in whole or in any part, as 
Tier 2 Capital the Resolution Authority may consider necessary.  
In addition, the rules under the CRD Package provide that the Competent Authority may only permit 
the Issuer to redeem the Notes that qualify as Tier 2 Capital before 5 years after the issue date of the 
last Tranche of any Series of such Notes if: 
(i) 
the conditions listed in paragraph (i) or (ii) above are met; and 
(ii) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Capital Event, (i) the Competent 
Authority considers such change to be sufficiently certain and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to 
the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the Capital Event was not reasonably 
foreseeable at the time of the issuance of the Notes; or  
(iii) 
in the case of redemption for taxation reasons pursuant to Condition 6(b) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption for tax reasons), the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the 
Competent Authority that the change in tax treatment is material and was not reasonably 
foreseeable at the time of issuance of the Notes; or 
(iv) 
before or at the same time of such redemption or repurchase, the Issuer replaces the Notes 
with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its 
income capacity and the Competent Authority has permitted that action on the basis of the 
determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by 
exceptional circumstances; or  
(v) 
the Notes are repurchased for market making purposes.  
The rules under the CRD Package may be modified from time to time after the Issue Date of the Notes. 
The Notes are subordinated to most of the Issuer's liabilities   
If the Issuer is declared bankrupt and a winding-up is initiated, the claims of the holders of its senior debt 
and its obligations to most of its other creditors (including unsecured creditors but excluding any obligations 
in respect of more subordinated debt or other obligations that by law rank, or by their terms are expressed 
to rank, pari passu with or junior to the claims of the Noteholders of the Notes) will be satisfied (after 
covering the costs of and other payments relating to bankruptcy proceedings) before any payments on the 
relevant Notes. Furthermore, pursuant to the amendments introduced by BRRD II to Article 48(7) of BRRD 
(which was transposed into Article 87 of the Law on Banks of the Republic of Lithuania), all claims 
resulting from own funds items shall have, in relevant insolvency proceedings, a lower priority ranking 
than any claim that does not result from an own funds item. For the purposes of the previous sentence, to 
the extent that an instrument is only partly recognised as an own funds item, the whole instrument shall be 
treated as a claim resulting from an own funds item and shall rank lower than any claim that does not result 
from an own funds item. This means that, regardless of their contractual ranking, liabilities that are no 
longer at least partially recognised as an own funds instrument for the purpose of the CRR shall rank senior 
to any liabilities fully or partially recognised as an own funds instrument. Accordingly, claims of the 
Noteholders that qualify as Tier 2 Capital will have, in the bankruptcy proceedings carried out in respect of 
the Issuer, a lower priority ranking than any claims that do not result from own funds items in accordance 
with the provisions of BBRD II, even if the Notes are only partly recognised as an own funds item of the 
Issuer. In any of the above situations, the Issuer may not have enough assets remaining after these payments 
to pay amounts due under the relevant Notes. Although the Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than 
notes which are not subordinated, there is a substantial risk that investors in the Notes will lose all or some 
of the value of their investment should the Issuer become insolvent. See also "The Issuer may be subject to 
statutory resolution", below.

--- Page 27 ---
- 19 -
 
Remedies in case of default on the Notes are severely limited 
The Notes will contain limited enforcement events relating to (a) non-payment by the Issuer of any amounts 
due and (b) the winding-up, insolvency or bankruptcy of the Issuer, whether in Lithuania or elsewhere. 
In such circumstances, as described in more detail in Condition 9 (Events of Default) of the Conditions, a 
Noteholder may declare its Notes to be due and payable at their principal amount, and prove or claim in the 
winding-up, insolvency or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
In each case, however, the Noteholder of such Notes may claim payment in respect of such Notes only in 
the winding-up, insolvency or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
The Issuer could, in certain circumstances, substitute or vary the terms of the Notes 
To the extent that any Series of the Notes contains provisions relating to the substitution or variation of 
such Notes, in certain circumstances (such as if a Capital Event, Withholding Tax Event, Tax Event or 
MREL Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing, or in order to ensure the effectiveness of 
Condition 16 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers)), the Issuer may, in accordance 
with Applicable Banking Regulations and without the consent or approval of the Noteholders, substitute or 
vary the terms of such Notes (including changing the governing law of Condition 16 (Acknowledgement of 
Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers)) to ensure that they continue to qualify as Tier 2 Capital or that have 
ceased to qualify in whole or in any part as Tier 2 Capital eligible liabilities, in accordance with the 
Conditions, or in order to ensure the effectiveness of Condition  (Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss 
Absorption Powers). 
While the Issuer cannot make changes to the terms of such Notes that are materially less favourable to a 
holder of the Notes, the governing law of Condition 16 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption 
Powers) 
may 
be 
changed 
in 
order 
to 
ensure 
the 
effectiveness 
and 
enforceability 
of 
Condition   (Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers). 
There can be no assurance as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect any particular 
Noteholder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such varied Notes could be 
different for some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding 
the Notes prior to such substitution or variation. 
Modification and waivers 
The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider and vote 
upon matters affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing. These provisions permit 
defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant 
meeting, or as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution including those Noteholders who voted 
in a manner contrary to the majority. 
Furthermore, the Conditions of the Notes provide that the Notes and the Conditions of the Notes may be 
amended without the consent of the Noteholders to correct a manifest error or to comply with any 
amendments, updates and/or modifications to any applicable legislation passed after the date hereof by or 
on behalf of the Republic of Lithuania or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof 
having power to make such amendment, update and/or modification, which impacts the Issuer’s obligations 
in relation to the Notes. The Issuer cannot foresee, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, what such changes 
may entail, however, any changes made will be binding on Noteholders.  
Credit risk of the Issuer 
An investment in the Notes is subject to credit risk, which means that the Issuer may fail to meet its 
obligations arising from the Notes duly and in a timely manner. The Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations 
arising from the Notes and the ability of the holders of the Notes to receive payments arising from the Notes 
depends on the financial position and the results of operations of the Issuer, which are subject to other risks 
described in this Base Prospectus. The Notes are not bank deposits in the Issuer and are not insured by the 
state company “Deposit and Investment Insurance” (in Lithuanian: Valstybės įmonė “Indėlių ir investicijų 
draudimas”). Thus, in case of insolvency of the Issuer, the Noteholders would not receive any payments, 
related to Notes from this state company.

--- Page 28 ---
- 20 -
 
There is no active trading market for the Notes 
The Notes are new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there is currently no active 
trading market. If a market does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, no liquidity of any market 
in the Notes can be assured; nor the ability of the Noteholders to sell their Notes or the prices at which they 
would be able to sell their Notes. Therefore, the investors may find it difficult to sell their Notes or to sell 
them at prices producing a return comparable to returns on similar investments in the secondary market. 
If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may be traded at a discount or at a premium to their 
initial offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general 
economic conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer. It is possible that the market for the Notes 
will be subject to disruptions or volatility. Any such disruption or volatility may have a negative effect on 
holders of either series of the Notes, regardless of the Issuer’s prospects and financial performance. As a 
result, there is no assurance that there will be an active trading market for the Notes. If no active trading 
market develops, you may not be able to resell your holding of the Notes at a fair value, if at all.  
Although an application will be made for the Notes to be admitted to listing on Nasdaq Vilnius there can 
be no assurance that such application will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes will be so 
admitted or that an active trading market will develop. Accordingly, there is no assurance as to the 
development or liquidity of any trading market for any particular Tranche of Notes. 
Exchange rates and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in Euro (the "Specified Currency"). This presents 
certain risks relating to currency conversions if a Noteholder’s financial activities is denominated 
principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor’s Currency") other than the Specified Currency. 
These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation 
of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the 
value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s 
Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, holders of the Notes may receive less interest 
or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
The Issuer is not prohibited from issuing further debt, which may rank pari passu with or senior to the 
Notes 
 
There is no restriction on the amount of debt that the Issuer may issue that ranks senior to the Notes or on 
the amount of securities that it may issue that rank pari passu with the Notes. The issue of any such debt or 
securities may reduce the amount recoverable by Noteholders in the event of voluntary or involuntary 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
Interest rate risks 
An investment in the Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely 
affect the value of the Notes. Particularly long-term fixed-rate Notes involve a high risk of a material decline 
in value if the market rate exceeds the rate paid in accordance with the fixed-rate Notes. On the other hand, 
holders of Notes that are subject to redemption at the option of the Issuer should not expect, in case of 
falling market rates, that the price would substantially exceed the redemption price. The yield to maturity 
on the Notes is affected by number of factors that cannot be predicted at the time of the investment. 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity 
According to the Conditions of the Notes, the Notes may be redeemed prematurely on the initiative of the 
Issuer, after 5 years from the issue of the Notes as described in the Conditions of the Notes. If this early 
redemption right is exercised by the Issuer, the rate of return from an investment into the Notes may be 
lower than initially anticipated. The Notes may, however, be redeemed prematurely by the Issuer only if 
the BoL has granted its consent to the early redemption. The decision on granting the consent involves

--- Page 29 ---
- 21 -
 
certain amount of discretion by the BoL and the early redemption is therefore beyond the control of the 
Issuer. On the other hand, the Noteholders are not entitled to request early redemption of the Notes.    
Unless in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms specifies otherwise, in the 
event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to any 
withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf 
of the Republic of Lithuania or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Conditions and subject 
to compliance with certain regulatory conditions and approval by the Competent Authority or Relevant 
Resolution Authority, as applicable (each as defined below). 
The Issuer may be entitled to redeem in whole (but not some only) Notes if an MREL Disqualification 
Event or a Capital Event occurs. 
The regulatory conditions include the requirement under the CRD Package that, if such the Notes are to be 
redeemed during the first 5 years after the issue date of the last tranche of any series of such Notes, the 
Issuer must demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the event triggering such 
redemption was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of the issue of the Notes and, in the case of an early 
redemption relating to the tax treatment of the Notes, that the adverse treatment is material and, in the case 
of an early redemption relating to a Capital Event, that such change is sufficiently certain. These 
foreseeability and materiality Conditions to Redemption contained in the CRD Package only apply to a 
redemption of the Notes occurring in the first 5 years after the issue date of the last tranche of any series of 
such Notes and, therefore, an issuer of regulatory capital securities, such as the Notes, could opt to redeem 
such Notes for tax or regulatory reasons after the fifth anniversary of issue, including based upon an event 
that occurred within the first 5 years of issue of the last tranche of any series of such Notes. There can 
therefore be no assurances that the Notes will not be called for tax or regulatory reasons prior to any 
specified optional call date. 
In addition, if in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes 
are redeemable only at the Issuer’s option in certain other circumstances the Issuer may choose to redeem 
the Notes, subject to certain regulatory conditions and approvals, at times when prevailing interest rates 
may be relatively low. In such circumstances a holder of the Notes may not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant 
Notes and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. This optional redemption feature is likely 
to limit the market value of the Notes. During any period when the Issuer may, or is perceived to be able 
to, elect to redeem the Notes, the market value of the Notes generally will not rise substantially above the 
price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
 
The Issuer may be subject to statutory resolution 
On 15 May 2014, the European Union Council adopted the European Union directive establishing a 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (as amended by the 
Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 as regards the 
loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms, the "Bank 
Recovery and Resolution Directive" or "BRRD"). The BRRD sets out the necessary steps and powers to 
ensure that bank failures across the European Union are managed in a way which mitigates the risk of 
financial instability and minimises costs for taxpayers. The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with 
a harmonised set of tools and powers to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing 
institution so as to ensure the continuity of the institution's critical financial and economic functions, while 
minimising the impact of an institution's failure on the economy and financial system.  
The BRRD contemplates that powers will be granted to the designated resolution authorities including (but 
not limited to) the introduction of a statutory "write-down and conversion power" (exercisable in relation 
to Tier 1 capital instruments and Tier 2 instruments) and a 'bail-in and loss absorption' power (exercisable 
in relation to other securities that are not Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital instruments), which will give the designated 
resolution authority under Directive 2014/59/EU and Regulation (EU) No 806/2014, as amended (the 
"Relevant Resolution Authority"), the power to cancel all or a portion of the principal amount of, or 
interest on, certain unsecured liabilities (which could include the Notes) of a failing financial institution

--- Page 30 ---
- 22 -
 
and/or to convert certain debt claims (which could include the Notes) into another security, including equity 
instruments of the surviving Issuer entity, if any. The Lithuanian legislation implementing the BRRD, the 
Law on Financial Sustainability of the Republic of Lithuania (the "Law on Financial Sustainability"), 
entered into force on 3 December 2015 and was amended in December 2021 and June 2022. For more 
information on the implementation of the BRRD in Lithuania, see "The Lithuanian resolution legislation 
implementing the BRRD Directive" below.  
As well as a "write-down and conversion power" and a "bail-in and loss absorption" power as described 
above, the powers granted to the Relevant Resolution Authority under the BRRD include the power to (i) 
direct the sale of the relevant financial institution or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms 
without requiring the consent of the shareholders or complying with the procedural requirements that would 
otherwise apply, (ii) transfer all or part of the business of the relevant financial institution to a "bridge bank" 
(a publicly controlled entity) and (iii) transfer assets of the relevant financial institution to an asset 
management vehicle to allow them to be managed over time. In addition, among the broader powers granted 
to the Relevant Resolution Authority under the BRRD, the BRRD provides powers to the Relevant 
Resolution Authority to amend the maturity date and/or any interest payment date of debt instruments or 
other eligible liabilities of the relevant financial institution and/or impose a temporary suspension of 
payments. 
The write-down and conversion power can be used to ensure that Tier 1 and Tier 2 Capital instruments and 
instruments qualifying as eligible liabilities fully absorb losses at the point of non-viability of an institution 
(or, if applicable, its group) and before any other resolution action is taken. 
Pursuant to Condition 16 (Acknowledgment of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers), each Noteholder 
acknowledges and accepts that any liability of the Issuer arising under the Notes may be subject to the 
exercise of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority. The exercise of any 
such power or any suggestion of such exercise could materially adversely affect the value of any Notes 
subject to the BRRD and could lead to the Noteholders losing some or all of their investment in the Notes. 
Prospective investors in the Notes should consult their own advisers as to the consequences of the 
implementation of the BRRD. 
In addition to the BRRD, the European Union has adopted a directly applicable regulation governing the 
resolution of the most significant financial institutions in the Eurozone, i.e., a regulation establishing a 
Single Resolution Mechanism for them (806/2014, "SRM Regulation"). The SRM Regulation establishes 
a single resolution board (consisting of representatives from the ECB, the European Commission and the 
relevant national resolution authorities) (the "Resolution Board") having resolution powers over the 
entities that are subject to the SRM Regulation, thus replacing or exceeding the powers of the national 
resolution authorities. On 5 December 2019 the Issuer was informed that it was classified as significant 
entity directly supervised by the ECB as one of the three largest credit institutions in Lithuania and as such, 
the Issuer became subject to the SRM Regulation. The ECB directly supervises the Issuer as from 1 January 
2020. 
Under Article 5(1) of the SRM Regulation, the Resolution Board has been granted those responsibilities 
and powers granted to the member states’ resolution authorities under the BRRD for those banks subject to 
direct supervision by the ECB. The SRM Regulation mirrors the BRRD and, to a large part, refers to the 
BRRD so that the Resolution Board is able to apply the same powers that would otherwise be available to 
the relevant national resolution authority. These resolution powers include the sale of business tool, the 
bridge institution tool, the asset separation tool, the bail-in and loss absorption tool and the mandatory write-
down and conversion power in respect of capital instruments. The use of one or more of these tools will be 
included in a resolution scheme to be adopted by the Resolution Board. National resolution authorities will 
remain responsible for the execution of the resolution scheme according to the instructions of the Resolution 
Board. 
The Resolution Board is responsible for preparing and adopting a resolution plan for the entities subject to 
its powers, including the Issuer. It also determines, after consulting competent authorities including the 
ECB, the Minimum Requirement for own funds and Eligible Liabilities (the "MREL"), which the Issuer is 
expected to be required to meet at all times (the MREL requirements applicable to the Issuer as of 1 January 
2024 and legally non-binding interim targets for 2023 issued by the Resolution Board to the Issuer in 
February 2022 have been summarised in "Description of the Issuer – MREL requirements applicable to the 
Issuer"). The Resolution Board will also have the powers in relation to the early intervention as set forth in 
the SRM Regulation, including the power to require the Issuer to contact potential purchasers in order to

--- Page 31 ---
- 23 -
 
prepare for resolution of the Issuer. The Resolution Board will have the authority to exercise the specific 
resolution powers under the SRM Regulation. These will be launched if the Resolution Board assesses that 
the following conditions are met: (i) the Issuer is failing or is likely to fail; (ii) having regard to timing and 
other relevant circumstances, there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures or 
supervisory action or the write-down or conversion of relevant capital instruments, taken in respect of the 
Issuer, would prevent its failure within a reasonable timeframe; and (iii) a resolution action is necessary in 
the public interest. 
The exercise of any resolution powers by the Resolution Board or any powers pursuant to BRRD with 
respect to the Issuer or any suggestion of such exercise will likely materially adversely affect the price or 
value of an investment in Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under such Notes 
and could lead to the holders of the Notes losing some or all of their investment in the Notes. 
The Lithuanian resolution legislation implementing the BRRD Directive 
The BRRD was implemented in Lithuania by the Law on Financial Sustainability. Under the Law on 
Financial Sustainability, the Relevant Resolution Authority is the BoL. The Law on Financial Sustainability 
provides for certain resolution measures, including the power to impose in certain circumstances a 
suspension of activities. Any suspension of activities can, to the extent determined by the BoL, result in the 
partial or complete suspension of the performance of agreements entered into by the Issuer. The Law on 
Financial Sustainability also grants the power to the BoL to take a number of resolution measures which 
may apply to the Issuer, including (i) a forced sale of the credit institution (sale of business), (ii) the 
establishment of a bridge institution bank or, (iii) the forced transfer of all or part of the assets, rights or 
obligations of the credit institution (asset separation) and (iv) the application of the general bail-in and loss 
absorption tool. In addition, the Law on Financial Sustainability sets forth that all credit institutions must 
at all times meet the MREL determined by the BoL for each credit institution. 
The powers set out in the resolution legislation will impact how credit institutions are managed as well as, 
in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. If the bail-in and loss absorption tool and the statutory 
write-down and conversion power become applicable to the Issuer, the Notes may be subject to write-down 
or conversion into equity on any application of the bail-in and loss absorption tool, which may result in 
Noteholders losing some or all of their investment. Subject to certain conditions, the terms of the obligations 
owed by the Issuer may also be varied by the Relevant Resolution Authority (e.g., as to maturity, interest 
and interest payment dates). The exercise of any power under the resolution legislation or any suggestion 
of such exercise could materially adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of their 
investment in any Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any Notes. 
The Issuer's gross-up obligation under the Notes is limited 
The Issuer's obligation to pay additional amounts in respect of any withholding or deduction in respect of 
taxes under the terms of any Series of the Notes applies only to payments of interest due and payable under 
such Notes and not to payments of principal (which term, for these purposes, includes any premium, final 
redemption amount, early redemption amount, optional redemption amount and any other amount (other 
than interest) which may from time to time be payable in respect of such Notes). 
As such, the Issuer would not be required to pay any additional amounts under the terms of any Series of 
the Notes to the extent any withholding or deduction applied to payments of principal. Accordingly, if any 
such withholding or deduction were to apply to any payments of principal under any Series of the Notes, 
such Noteholders would, upon repayment or redemption of such Notes, be entitled to receive only the net 
amount of such redemption or repayment proceeds after deduction of the amount required to be withheld. 
Therefore, Noteholders may receive less than the full amount due under such Notes, and the market value 
of such Notes may be adversely affected as a result.

--- Page 32 ---
- 24 -
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The documents set out below that are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are, where 
indicated, direct translations into English from the original languages of the documents. To the extent that 
there are any inconsistencies between the original language versions and the translations, the original 
language versions shall prevail. The information set out shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form 
part of, this Base Prospectus: 
- 
the Group’s and the Issuer’s audited consolidated and stand alone financial statements for the year 
ended 31 December 2023, together with the consolidated annual report (may be found at 
https://www.sb.lt/uploads/media/660b92f7a6b81/sb-ifrs-eng-2023.pdf) 
and 
the 
independent 
auditor’s report (may be found at https://www.sb.lt/uploads/media/660b92f3ed3e5/en-auditoriaus-
isvada-2023-final.pdf);  
- 
the Group’s and the Issuer’s audited consolidated and stand alone financial statements for the year 
ended 31 December 2022, together with the consolidated annual report (may be found at 
https://www.sb.lt/uploads/media/643d394c282bc/sb-ifrs-eng-2022-final.pdf) and the independent 
auditor’s report (may be found at https://www.sb.lt/uploads/media/642a66539bcdd/nepriklausomo-
auditoriaus-isvada-lt.pdf); 
- 
Articles of Association of the Issuer (they may be found at https://sb.lt/en/url/10). 
It is possible to get acquainted with the aforementioned documents on the website of the Issuer at www.sb.lt, 
of Nasdaq at www.nasdaqbaltic.com also on website of the Central Storage Facility of Lithuania at 
www.crib.lt. 
In addition to that, copies of the documents specified above as containing information incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus may also be inspected, free of charge, at Šiaulių bankas AB, Tilžės str. 
149, Šiauliai, the Republic of Lithuania, and Šeimyniškių str. 1A, Vilnius, the Republic of Lithuania. 
Any information contained in or incorporated by reference in any of the documents specified above which 
is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and for the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. In particular, the independent auditor’s reports mentioned above contain references to “Other 
Information”. Such “Other Information” does not form a part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 33 ---
- 25 -
 
FINAL TERMS 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the 
information which is necessary to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and 
liabilities, financial position, profits and losses, financial position and prospects of the Issuer and of the 
rights attaching to the Notes and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer. In relation to the 
Notes which may be issued under the Programme the Issuer has included in this Base Prospectus all of the 
necessary information except for information relating to the Notes which is not known at the date of this 
Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required 
in order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that 
Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus in 
order to obtain all relevant information. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of 
Notes which is the subject of Final Terms are the Conditions described in the relevant Final Terms. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, if required, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer 
and approved by the BoL in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained 
in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent 
applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements 
contained in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified 
or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating 
to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with 
any subsequent introduction of any issue of Notes to trading on Regulated Market of Nasdaq Vilnius.

--- Page 34 ---
- 26 -
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF TIER 2 SUBORDINATED NOTES  
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will 
be endorsed on each Tier 2 Subordinated Note issued under the Programme. In the case of any Tranche of 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes which are being admitted to trading on Nasdaq Vilnius regulated market, the 
relevant Final Terms shall not amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus.  
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: Akcinė bendrovė Šiaulių bankas (the "Issuer") has established Tier 2 
Subordinated Note Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to EUR 
100,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of Tier 2 subordinated notes (the "Notes") 
qualifying as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer. 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in one series (each a "Series") 
and each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each 
Tranche is the subject of a final terms (the "Final Terms") which complete these Terms 
and Conditions of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes (the "Conditions"). The terms and 
conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed 
by the relevant Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions 
and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes 
which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms and which will be subordinated Notes 
only. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available for viewing and copies may be 
obtained from Akcinė bendrovė Šiaulių bankas at Tilžės str. 149, Šiauliai, Lithuania, and 
Šeimyniškių str. 1A, Vilnius, Lithuania. 
 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, delegated or 
implementing acts, regulatory or implementing technical standards, rules, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy and/or minimum requirement for own 
funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity then in effect in Lithuania 
including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD, the SRM Regulation, 
BRRD, the Creditor Hierarchy Directive and those regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies relating to capital adequacy and/or minimum requirement for own funds and 
eligible liability and/or loss absorbing capacity and any other regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect of the Competent 
Authority, the Relevant Resolution Authority or any other national or European Union 
authority from time to time, and then in effect (whether or not such requirements, 
guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally 
or specifically to the Issuer); 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU as the same may be amended or replaced from time 
to time, including without limitation, by the Creditor Hierarchy Directive and Directive 
(EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 
98/26/EC; 
"Business Day" means a TARGET Settlement Day;  
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in 
the relevant Final Terms and it will have the Following Business Day Convention 
meaning;

--- Page 35 ---
- 27 -
 
"Calculation Agent" means the Issuer or such other Person specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and/or such other 
amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Capital Event"" means the determination by the Issuer, after consultation with the 
Competent Authority, that the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the relevant 
Series of Notes ceases or would be likely to cease to be included in whole or in any part, 
towards the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer, on a solo or consolidated basis, (other than as a 
result of any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital as applicable to the Issuer) 
in the essence of CRR;  
"Competent Authority" means any authority having primary responsibility for the 
prudential supervision of the Issuer at the relevant time. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the Competent Authority is the ECB. However, the importance of the Bank 
and prudential requirements may change and the Competent Authority may be the BoL; 
"Conditions to Redemption" means the Conditions to Redemption set out in Condition 
6(i) (Conditions to Redemption or Repurchase) or as otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"CRD" means the legislative package consisting of the CRD Directive, the CRR and any 
CRD Implementing Measures; 
"CRD Directive" means Directive 2013/36/EU, as the same may be amended or replaced 
from time to time, including without limitation as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/878 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019; 
"CRD Implementing Measures" means any regulatory capital rules or regulations, or 
other requirements, which are applicable to the Issuer and which prescribe (alone or in 
conjunction with any other rules or regulations) the requirements to be fulfilled by 
financial instruments for their inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer (on a solo or 
consolidated basis, as the case may be) to the extent required by the CRD Directive or the 
CRR, including for the avoidance of doubt any regulatory technical standards released by 
the European Banking Authority (or any successor or replacement thereof); 
"Creditor Hierarchy Directive" means Directive (EU) 2017/2399 or any equivalent 
legislation that supersedes or replaces it; 
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, as the same may be amended or replaced 
from time to time (including as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of May 20, 2019) or similar laws in Lithuania); 
"Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed 
to the first following day that is a Business Day;  
"Group" means the Issuer and its consolidated Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as 
may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means any date or dates specified as such in, or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day 
Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms, as the same may be adjusted in 
accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention;

--- Page 36 ---
- 28 -
 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next 
Interest Payment Date; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"MREL Disqualification Event" means the whole or any part of the outstanding 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes at any time is not included in, ceases or (in the 
opinion of the Issuer) will cease to count towards the Issuer’s or the Group’s eligible 
liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity (in each case for the purposes of, and in 
accordance with, the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations); provided that an MREL 
Disqualification Event shall not occur if such whole or part of the outstanding aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes is not included in, ceases or (in the opinion of the Issuer) 
will cease to count towards such eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity due to 
the remaining maturity of such Notes being less than the minimum period prescribed by 
the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Noteholder" has the meaning given in Condition 3(b)(Denomination, Title and Transfer 
- Title to Notes); 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality; 
"Rate of Interest" means the fixed rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of 
interest payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated 
or determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant 
Final Terms;  
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) or such other amount in 
the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Resolution Authority" means the resolution authority with the ability to 
exercise any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer and/or the 
Group; 
"Senior Creditors" means creditors of the Issuer (i) who are depositors and/or other 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer (including holders of senior preferred notes and the 
senior non-preferred notes, if any, issued by the Issuer) and whose claims by law rank 
senior to the claims of the Noteholders of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes; and (ii) who are 
subordinated creditors of the Issuer (whether in the event of the winding-up, insolvency 
or bankruptcy of the Issuer or otherwise) other than those whose claims by law rank, or by 
their terms are expressed to rank, in priority to the claims of the Noteholders under the of the 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes;  
"Specified Currency" means Euro (EUR); 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"SRM Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No 806/2014, as the same may be amended 
or replaced from time to time;

--- Page 37 ---
- 29 -
 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular time, 
any other Person (the "second Person"): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, 
whether by ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove 
members of the governing body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally 
accepted accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was 
launched on 19 November 2007; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the 
settlement of payments in euro; 
"Tier 2 Capital" means tier 2 capital for the purposes of the Applicable Banking 
Regulations; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty of the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, 
any additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under 
Condition 8 (Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any other 
amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(ii) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in 
respect of interest which may be payable under Condition 8 (Taxation) and any 
other amount in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; and  
(iii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning 
given in the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such 
meaning or specifies that such expression is "not applicable" then such 
expression is not applicable to the Notes. 
 
3. 
Denomination, Title, Issue Price, Transfer and Underwriting  
(a) 
Denomination: Notes are in the Specified Denomination of EUR 1,000as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Title to Notes: The title to the Notes will pass to the relevant investors when the respective 
entries regarding the ownership of the Notes are made in their securities accounts. 
Therefore, a "Noteholder" means the person in whose name such securities account is 
opened. 
(c) 
Issue Price: The Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or a 
premium to their nominal amount (the "Issue Price"). The Issue Price shall be determined 
by the Issuer and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The yield of each Tranche set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated as of 
the relevant Issue Date on an annual basis using the relevant Issue Price. It is not an 
indication of future yield. 
(d) 
Transfers of Notes: The Notes are freely transferrable. Notes subscribed and paid for 
shall be entered to the respective book-entry securities accounts of the subscriber(s) on a 
date set out in the Final Terms in accordance with the Lithuanian legislation governing 
the book-entry system and book-entry accounts as well as the Nasdaq CSD Rules.

--- Page 38 ---
- 30 -
 
(e) 
No charge: The transfer of a Note will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the 
Issuer. However, the investors may be obliged to cover expenses which are related to the 
opening of securities accounts with credit institutions or investment brokerage firms, as 
well as commissions which are charged by the credit institutions or investment brokerage 
firms in relation to the execution of the investor’s purchase or selling orders of the Notes, 
the holding of the Notes or any other operations in relation to the Notes. The Issuer and/or 
the Dealer will not compensate the Noteholders for any such expenses. 
(f) 
Underwriting: None of the Tranches of Notes will be underwritten. 
 
4. 
Status of the Notes  
(a) 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes constitute direct, subordinated (as described in Condition 4(b) 
below) and unsecured and unguaranteed obligations of the Issuer which will at all times 
rank pari passu without any preference among themselves.  
(b) 
In the event of the winding-up, insolvency or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the rights and 
claims (if any) of the Noteholders to payments of the outstanding principal amount and 
any other amounts in respect of the Notes (including any accrued but unpaid interest 
amount or damages or other payments awarded for breach of any obligations under these 
Conditions, if any are payable) shall: 
(A) 
be subordinated and junior to any present or future claims of all Senior 
Creditors of the Issuer; 
(B) 
rank at least pari passu with any present or future claims of all 
subordinated creditors of the Issuer which in each case by law rank, or 
by their terms are expressed to rank (to the extent such ranking is 
recognised by applicable law), pari passu with the Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes; and 
(C) 
rank senior and in priority to claims of holders of any outstanding 
Additional Tier 1 instruments (as defined in the Applicable Banking 
Regulations), and payments to holders of all classes of share capital of 
the Issuer in their capacity as such holders, and claims of any obligations 
of the Issuer which in each case by law rank, or by their terms are 
expressed to rank (to the extent such ranking is recognised by applicable 
law), junior to the Notes of the Issuer (if any). 
subject, in all cases, to mandatory provisions of the Lithuanian law. 
 
The subordination of the Notes means that upon the liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
Issuer, all the claims arising from the Notes shall fall due in accordance with these Terms 
and Conditions and shall be satisfied only after the full satisfaction of all unsubordinated 
recognised claims against the Issuer in accordance with the applicable law.  
 
As long as there are no liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings initiated against the Issuer, 
all claims arising from the Notes shall be satisfied in accordance with these Terms and 
Conditions and the applicable law. 
(c) 
The rights of Noteholders of the Notes shall be subject to any present or future Lithuanian 
laws or regulations relating to the insolvency, recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms in Lithuania which are or will be applicable to the Notes 
only as a result of the operation of such laws or regulations. 
(d) 
No Noteholder of the Notes shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off or 
counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of such Notes. 
Notwithstanding the provision of the foregoing sentence, if any amounts owed by the 
Issuer to any Noteholder in connection with the Notes is discharged by Set-off, such 
Noteholder shall, where permitted by applicable law, immediately pay an amount equal

--- Page 39 ---
- 31 -
 
to the amount discharged to the Issuer (or, in the event of its winding-up, insolvency 
and/or bankruptcy, to the liquidator or other relevant insolvency official (as the case may 
be and to the extent applicable)) and, until such time as payment is made, shall hold an 
amount equal to such amount discharged on behalf and for the benefit of the Issuer (or 
the liquidator or other relevant insolvency official of the Issuer) and accordingly not deem 
any such discharge to have taken place. 
"Set-off" means set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy and, if 
"Set Off" is used as a verb in these Conditions, it shall be construed accordingly.  
 
 
5. 
Interest  
(a) 
Rate of Interest: The Notes carry an annual fixed rate interest at the rate provided in the 
Final Terms. The frequency of the interest payments has been provided in the Final Terms.  
(b) 
Day count fraction: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note shall be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Outstanding Principal Amount, whereas 
interest for each full calendar month during the term of the Notes will be calculated on 
the basis of a360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each and interest for the 
partial calendar month will be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual 
number of days elapsed (the 30/360 interest calculation convention). 
(c) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the 
Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 7 (Payments to the Noteholders). Each Note will cease to bear interest from 
the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the 
Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to 
bear interest in accordance with this Condition 5 (as well after as before judgment) until 
the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or 
on behalf of the relevant Noteholder.  
 
6. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the 
Notes will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject 
as provided in Condition 7 (Payments to the Noteholders). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer, 
subject to Condition 6(i) (Conditions to Redemption or Repurchase), in whole, but not in 
part at any time on giving not less than 30 (thirty) nor more than 60 (sixty) days’ notice to 
the Noteholders, or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant final terms 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount, together with 
interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) 
(i) 
a Withholding Tax Event occurs; or 
(ii) 
where "Tax Event" is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Term, a Tax Event occurs; 
and 
(B) 
both a Tax Certificate and a Tax Opinion have been delivered to the 
Issuing Agent by the Issuer. 
However, where the Issuer would be obliged to pay additional amounts, 
no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: (i) where the 
Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 (ninety) days (or such other 
period as may be specified in the relevant final terms) prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts

--- Page 40 ---
- 32 -
 
if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due; or (ii) where the Notes 
may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 (sixty) days (or 
such other period as may be specified in the relevant final terms) prior to 
the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if 
a payment in respect of the Notes were then due. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 6(b), 
the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this 
Condition 6(b). 
(C) 
For the purpose of this Condition 6(b): 
"Change in Tax Law" means any: 
(i) 
amendment to, clarification of, or change in, the laws or 
regulations of any Taxing Jurisdiction; or 
(ii) 
governmental action in the Taxing Jurisdiction; 
(iii) 
amendment to, clarification of, or change in, the official position 
or the interpretation of such law, treaty (or regulations 
thereunder) or governmental action or any interpretation, 
decision or pronouncement that provides for a position with 
respect to such law, treaty (or regulations thereunder) or 
governmental action that differs from the theretofore generally 
accepted position, in each case, by any legislative body, court, 
governmental authority or regulatory body in the Taxing 
Jurisdiction, irrespective of the manner in which such 
amendment, change, action, pronouncement, interpretation or 
decision is made known; 
(D) 
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is 
incorporated at the relevant time. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the Relevant Jurisdiction is the Republic of Lithuania; 
(E) 
"Tax Certificate" means a certificate signed by the Issuer stating that 
the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a 
statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of 
the Issuer so to redeem have occurred; 
"Tax Event" shall occur if, as a result of any Change in Tax Law of the 
Taxing Jurisdiction, which becomes effective or is announced on or after 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series of Notes: 
(i) 
the Issuer is, or will be, subject to additional taxes, duties or 
other governmental charges with respect to such Notes as the 
case may be; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer is not, or will not, be entitled to claim a deduction in 
respect of payments in respect of such Notes as the case may be 
in computing its taxation liabilities (or the value of such 
deduction would be materially reduced); 
"Taxing Jurisdiction" means the Relevant Jurisdiction or any political 
subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having 
power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision thereof 
or any authority or agency therein or thereof, having power to tax in 
which the Issuer is treated as having a permanent establishment, under 
the income tax laws of such jurisdiction;

--- Page 41 ---
- 33 -
 
(F) 
"Tax Opinion" means an opinion of independent legal advisers 
(experienced in such matters and of recognised standing) in the relevant 
Taxing Jurisdiction stating that the circumstances constituting the Tax 
Event or Withholding Tax Event (as the case may be) are prevailing; 
and 
(G) 
"Withholding Tax Event" shall occur if the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in 
Condition 8 (Taxation) as a result of any Change in Tax Law, which 
change, clarification or amendment becomes effective on or after the 
date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes, and such obligation 
cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to 
it. 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the 
Issuer after 5 years have passed from the Issue Date of the Notes, subject to Condition 6(i) 
(Conditions to Redemption or Repurchase), in whole or in part at their outstanding 
aggregate principal amount together with interest (accrued to but excluding the date of 
redemption), on Optional Redemption Date (Call) the Issuer’s giving not less than 30 
(thirty) nor more than 60 (sixty) days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption). 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: No redemption at the option of Noteholders is 
permitted for the Notes. 
(e) 
Early Redemption of Notes as a result of Capital Event: Upon the occurrence of a Capital 
Event in respect of any Series of Notes (but subject to Condition 6(i) (Conditions to 
Redemption or Repurchase)), the Issuer may, at its option having given not less than 15 
(fifteen) days' nor more than 30 (thirty) days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and delivery thereof shall oblige 
the Issuer to make the redemption therein specified), to redeem all (but not some only) of 
the Notes at their outstanding aggregate principal amount together with interest (accrued 
to but excluding the date of redemption, subject to these Conditions).  
(f) 
Early Redemption of Notes as a result of an MREL Disqualification Event: Upon the 
occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event in respect of any such Notes (but subject 
to Condition 6(i) (Redemption and Purchase - Conditions to Redemption or Repurchase)), 
the Issuer may, at its option having given not less than 15 (fifteen) days' nor more than 30 
(thirty) days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) (which 
notice shall be irrevocable and delivery thereof shall oblige the Issuer to make the 
redemption therein specified), to redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes at their 
outstanding aggregate principal amount (together with interest (accrued to but excluding 
the date of redemption, subject to these Conditions). 
(g) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than 
as provided in paragraphs 6(a) (Scheduled redemption) to 6(f)(Early Redemption of Notes 
as a result of an MREL Disqualification Event) above. 
(h) 
Purchase: The Issuer, or any of its Subsidiaries, may at any time purchase the Notes in 
the open market or otherwise and at any price, provided that any such purchases will be 
made in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations and subject to the prior 
approval of or permission from the Competent Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution 
Authority (in each such case to the extent such approval is then required under the 
Applicable Banking Regulations). Such Notes may be held, resold or surrendered by the 
purchaser through the Issuer for cancellation. Notes held by or for the account of the Issuer 
or any of its Subsidiaries for their own account will not carry the right to vote at the 
Noteholders’ Meetings or within Written Procedures and will not be taken into account in 
determining how many Notes are outstanding for the purposes of these Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes.

--- Page 42 ---
- 34 -
 
Any refusal by the Competent Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority (if 
required) to grant its approval or permission as described above will not constitute an event 
of default under the relevant Notes. 
(i) 
Conditions to Redemption or Repurchase: Other than in the case of a redemption at 
maturity in accordance with Condition 6(a) (Scheduled redemption), the Issuer may 
redeem or repurchase relevant Notes (and give notice thereof to the Noteholders) only if 
such redemption or repurchase is in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations 
and it has been granted the permission of the Competent Authority, provided that at the 
relevant time such permission is required (but without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the Noteholders). 
Note – for the permission of the Competent Authority to be issued, the following 
conditions shall be met: 
( ) 
on or before such redemption or repurchase of the Notes, the Issuer replaces the 
Notes with own funds instruments or eligible liabilities instruments (as applicable) 
of an equal or higher quality on terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; 
(i) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that its 
own funds and eligible liabilities would, following such redemption or repurchase, 
exceed the requirements under the Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin 
that (in the case of Tier 2Subordinated Notes, save as provided below) the 
Competent Authority may consider necessary; or 
(ii) 
in the case of redemption (before 5 years after the issue date of the last Tranche) 
of any Series of such Tier 2 Subordinated Notes: 
( ) 
the conditions listed in sub-paragraph (i) or (ii) above are met; and 
(A) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Capital Event, (i) the 
Competent Authority considers such change to be sufficiently certain and 
(ii) the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority 
that the Capital Event was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of the 
issuance of the Notes; or 
(B) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a taxation reason 
pursuant to Condition 6(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), the Issuer 
demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that such 
change in tax treatment is material and was not reasonably foreseeable at 
the time of issuance of the Notes; or 
(C) 
before or at the same time of such redemption or repurchase, the Issuer 
replaces the Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality 
at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity and the Competent 
Authority has permitted that action on the basis of the determination that 
it would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by 
exceptional circumstances; or 
(D) 
the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes are repurchased for market making 
purposes, 
(the "Conditions to Redemption"). 
Any refusal by the Competent Authority to grant its permission as described above will 
not constitute an event of default under the relevant Notes.

--- Page 43 ---
- 35 -
 
7. 
Payments to the Noteholders 
(a) 
Payments: Payments of amounts (whether principal, interest or otherwise, including on 
the final redemption) due on the Notes will be made to the Noteholders thereof, as 
appearing in Nasdaq CSD on the 3rd (third) Business Day preceding the due date for such 
payment (the "Record Date")). Payment of amounts due on the final redemption of the 
Notes will be made simultaneously with deletion of the Notes. The Noteholders shall not 
be required to provide any requests to redeem the Notes, as upon Maturity Date of the 
Notes, the nominal value thereof with the cumulative interest accrued shall be transferred 
to the accounts indicated by the Noteholders without separate requests/requirements of the 
Noteholders. As of that moment the Issuer shall be deemed to have fully executed the 
obligations, related to the Notes and their redemption, disregarding the fact, whether the 
Noteholder actually accepts the funds or not. In case requisites of the account of the 
Noteholder changes, he/she/it shall have an obligation to promptly inform the Company 
thereof.  
(b) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all 
cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but 
without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation). No commissions or 
expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments by the Issuer. 
However, the investors may be obliged to cover commissions and/or other expenses, 
which are charged by the credit institutions or investment brokerage firms in relation to 
such payments. The Issuer and/or the Dealer will not compensate the Noteholders for any 
such expenses. 
(c) 
Payments on Business Days: If the due date for payment of the final redemption amount 
of the Notes is not a Business Day, the Noteholder thereof will not be entitled to payment 
thereof until the next following Business Day and no further payment shall be due in 
respect of such delay save in the event that there is a subsequent failure to pay in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions. 
(d) 
Partial payments: If a partial payment is made in respect of any Note, the Issuer shall 
procure that the amount and date of such payment are noted on the Nasdaq CSD. 
 
8. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up: All interest payments in the case of the Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer shall 
be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any 
present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Republic of 
Lithuania or any political subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or 
governmental charges is required by law. In that event, in respect of interest, the Issuer 
shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders after such 
withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been received by them had no 
such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall 
be payable in respect of mere holding of any Note, under the terms and conditions laid out 
in paragraph below. 
In that event, in respect of interest, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will 
result held by or on behalf of a Noteholder, which is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such interest by reason of it having 
certain connection with the jurisdiction other than the Republic of Lithuania due to or in 
connection with which such taxes, duties, assessments or charges have been imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than due to or in connection with the mere 
holding of the Note, of such amounts as would have been held by that Holder had no such 
taxes, duties, assessments or charges been required. Nevertheless, neither the Issuer nor 
any other person will be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of any

--- Page 44 ---
- 36 -
 
withholding that is or will be required pursuant to FATCA or IGA (as described under 
“Taxation – FATCA”) with respect to payments on the Notes. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction 
other than the Republic of Lithuania, references in these Conditions to the Republic of 
Lithuania shall be construed as references to the Republic of Lithuania and/or such other 
jurisdiction. 
 
9. 
Events of Default 
This Condition 9 is applicable in relation to any Series of the Notes. 
(a) 
If any of the following events occur: 
(i) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal or other redemption 
amount due in respect of the Notes for more than 10 (ten) Business Days or fails 
to pay any amount of interest in respect of the Notes for more than 10 (ten) 
Business Days; or 
(ii) 
Winding-up, etc.: if any order is made by any competent court or resolution 
passed for the winding up or dissolution of the Issuer, save for the purposes of 
reorganisation on terms previously approved by the Noteholders’ Meeting or 
within Written Procedure, 
the Noteholder of any Note may: 
(x) 
(in the case of 9(a)(i) above) institute insolvency proceedings, including for the 
winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer, in each case, in Lithuania and not 
elsewhere, and prove or claim in the winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer; 
and/or 
(y) 
(in the case of 9(a)(ii) above) prove or claim in the insolvency proceedings, 
including winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer, whether in Lithuania or 
elsewhere and instituted by the Issuer itself or by a third party, 
but (in either case) the Noteholder of such Note may claim payment in respect of the Note 
only in the winding up or dissolution of the Issuer. 
(b) 
In any of the events or circumstances described in Condition 9(a)(ii) (Winding-up, etc.) 
above, the Noteholder of any Note may, by notice to the Issuer, declare such Note to be 
due and payable, and such Note shall accordingly become due and payable at its 
outstanding principal amount together with accrued interest to the date of payment but 
subject to such Holder only being able to claim payment in respect of the Note in the 
winding up or dissolution of the Issuer. 
(c) 
The Noteholder may at its discretion institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may 
think fit to enforce any obligation, condition, undertaking or provision binding on the 
Issuer under the Notes (other than, without prejudice to Conditions 9(a)and 9(b) and any 
obligation for the payment of any principal or interest in respect of the Notes) provided 
that the Issuer shall not by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings be obliged to 
pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it, 
except with the prior approval of the Competent Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution 
Authority (in either case, if such approval is then required under the Applicable Banking 
Regulations). 
(d) 
No remedy against the Issuer, other than as provided in Conditions9(a), 9(b)and 9(c)above, 
shall be available to the Holders of Notes, whether for the recovery of amounts owing in

--- Page 45 ---
- 37 -
 
respect of the Notes or in respect of any breach by the Issuer of any of its obligations or 
undertakings with respect to the Notes. 
 
10. 
Noteholders’ Meeting   
The Noteholders’ Meeting will be convened pursuant to the Law on Protection of Interests of 
Bondholders. Pursuant to the above mentioned law, the right to convene the Noteholders’ Meeting 
shall be vested to the Trustee, Issuer and the Noteholders who hold no less than 1/10 of the Notes, 
providing voting right in the Noteholders’ Meeting. As a general rule, the Noteholders’ Meetings 
are convened by a decision of the Trustee. All expenses in relation to the convening and holding 
the Noteholders’ Meeting shall be covered by the Issuer. 
A notice of convocation of the Noteholders’ Meeting no later than 15 Business Days before the 
date of the Noteholders’ Meeting shall be sent to each Noteholder in accordance with Condition 12 
(Notices), and shall be published on the website of the Trustee and on the website of the Issuer. 
The notice of convocation of the Bondholders’ Meeting shall specify the details of the Issuer, the 
ISIN of the Notes, time, place and agenda of the meeting. The Trustee is obliged to ensure proper 
announcement on the convocation of the Noteholders’ Meetings. 
A Noteholders’ Meeting may take decisions and shall be held valid if attended by the Noteholders 
who hold more than ½ of Notes, providing voting right in the Noteholders’ Meeting. After the 
presence of a quorum has been established, the quorum shall be deemed to be present throughout 
the Noteholders’ Meeting. If the quorum is not present, the Noteholders’ Meeting shall be 
considered invalid and a repeated Noteholders’ Meeting shall be convened.  
A repeated Noteholders’ Meeting shall be convened after the lapse of at least 5 Business Days and 
not later than after the lapse of 10 Business Days following the day of the Noteholders’ Meeting 
which was not held. The Noteholders must be notified of the repeated Noteholders’ Meeting not 
later than 5 Business Days before the repeated Noteholders’ Meeting following the order, indicated 
above.  
One Note carries one vote. A decision of the Noteholders’ Meeting shall be considered taken if 
more votes of the Noteholders, participating in the Noteholders’ Meeting and having a voting right 
have been cast for it than against it, unless the Law on Protection of Interests of Noteholders 
requires a larger majority. 
The Trustee shall chair the Noteholders’ Meetings, unless that meeting decides otherwise. The 
meeting must also elect the secretary thereof. Minutes of the Noteholders’ Meeting shall be taken. 
The minutes shall be signed in 2 copies (to the Issuer and to the Trustee) by the chairman and the 
secretary of the Noteholders’ Meeting. 
The decisions of the Noteholders’ Meeting shall be published on the website of the Issuer and 
Trustee after the Noteholders’ Meeting as soon as possible and without any delay, except parts of 
the decisions, which include confidential information. 
The Noteholders’ Meeting shall take the following decisions, which bind all the Bondholders:  
 
to remove the Trustee from its position and appoint a new trustee, which meets the 
requirements of the applicable laws, and to also oblige the Issuer to terminate the contract 
with the existing Trustee and to conclude the contract with the new appointed trustee;  
 
to approve the enforcement measures in respect of the Issuer’s failed commitments to 
Noteholders, suggested by the Issuer. This decision shall be adopted by a qualified 
majority of no less than ¾ of Noteholders, participating in the Noteholders’ Meeting and 
having a voting right;  
 
to adopt other decisions which according to the provisions of Law on Protection of 
Interests of Bondholders are assigned to the competence of the Noteholders’ Meeting.

--- Page 46 ---
- 38 -
 
Resolutions passed at the Noteholders’ Meeting shall be binding on all Noteholders (for the 
avoidance of doubt, including those Noteholders who have not participated in the Noteholders’ 
Meeting).  
 
11. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders, create and issue further 
notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except 
for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
 
12. 
Notices 
Noteholders shall be advised of matters relating to the Notes by a notice published in English and 
Lithuanian on the Issuer‘s website at www.sb.lt as well as on www.nasdaqbaltic.com and in 
Central Regulated Information Base (www.crib.lt). Any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
received by the Noteholders when published in the manner specified in this Section.  
 
 
13. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), all percentages resulting from such calculations will 
be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 
0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.). 
 
14. 
Substitution and Variation 
If at any time a Capital Event or MREL Disqualification Event occurs, or to ensure the 
effectiveness or enforceability of Condition 16 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption 
Powers), the Issuer may, subject to the Applicable Banking Regulations (without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of the Noteholders), and having given not less than 30 (thirty) nor more 
than 60 (sixty) days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at any time 
either: 
(a) 
substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes for new Notes, which are Qualifying 
Securities; or 
(b) 
vary the terms of the Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying 
Securities, 
provided that, in each case: 
(i) 
such variation or substitution does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to 
redeem the varied or substituted securities; and 
(ii) 
such variation or substitution would not itself directly lead to a downgrade in any 
of the credit ratings of the Notes as assigned to such Notes by any Rating Agency 
immediately prior to such variation or substitution (unless any such downgrade is 
solely attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 
(Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers); and 
(iii) 
such variation or substitution is not materially less favourable to holders (unless 
any such prejudice is solely attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 16 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers)).

--- Page 47 ---
- 39 -
 
For the avoidance of doubt, any such substitution or variation shall not be deemed to be a 
modification or amendment for the purposes of Condition 10 (Noteholders’ Meeting and 
Procedure in Writing). 
Any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 14 is subject to the Issuer obtaining 
prior written consent of the Competent Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority (in 
each such case to the extent such approval is then required under the Applicable Banking 
Regulations) and complying with the rules of any competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system by or on which the Notes are, for the time being, listed, traded and/or quoted. 
For the purpose of this Condition 14, a variation or substitution shall be "materially less 
favourable to holders" if such varied or substituted securities do not: 
(i) 
include a ranking at least equal to that of the Notes pursuant to Condition 4 (Status 
of the Notes), as applicable; 
(ii) 
have the same interest rate and the same interest payment dates as those from time 
to time applying to the Notes; 
(iii) 
have equivalent redemption rights as the Notes; 
(iv) 
have the same currency of payment, maturity, denomination and original 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount as the Notes prior to such variation or 
substitution; 
(v) 
preserve any existing rights under the Notes to any accrued interest which has not 
been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the interest payment date 
last preceding the date of substitution or variation; or 
(vi) 
have a listing on a recognised stock exchange if the Notes were listed immediately 
prior to such variation or substitution; and 
"Qualifying Securities" mean securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that contain 
terms which at such time result in such securities being eligible to qualify towards the Issuer's 
eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity, in each case for the purposes of, and in 
accordance with, the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations to at least the same extent as the 
Notes prior to the relevant Capital Event or Withholding Tax Event. 
 
15. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes are governed by Lithuanian law. 
(b) 
Courts of the Republic of Lithuania: The courts of the Republic of Lithuania have 
exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a "Dispute") arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes (including any non-contractual obligation arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes). 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts of the Republic of Lithuania are the 
most appropriate and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will 
not argue to the contrary. 
(d) 
Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside the Republic of Lithuania: 
Notwithstanding Condition 15(b) (Courts of the Republic of Lithuania), any Noteholder 
may take proceedings relating to a Dispute (the "Proceedings") in any other courts with 
jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by applicable law, Noteholders may take concurrent 
Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.

--- Page 48 ---
- 40 -
 
16. 
Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any Noteholder (which, for the purposes of 
this Condition 16, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes), by its acquisition of 
the Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising under the Notes 
may be subject to the exercise of such Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers as may be exercised by 
the Relevant Resolution Authority and acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound 
by: 
(a) 
the effect of the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, which exercise (without limitation) may include and result in some 
or any of the following, or a combination thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; 
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes 
into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, 
and the issue to or conferral on the Noteholder of such shares, securities or 
obligations, including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of 
the terms of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the cancellation of the Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; 
and 
(iv) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the 
amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which interest becomes 
payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(b) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority. 
"Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers" means any loss absorption, write-down, 
conversion, transfer, modification, suspension or similar or related power existing from 
time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or 
requirements in effect in the Republic of Lithuania, relating to (i) the SRM Regulation, 
(ii) the transposition of the BRRD (including but not limited to the Law on Financial 
Sustainability of the Republic of Lithuania (in Lithuanian: Lietuvos Respublikos finansinio 
tvarumo įstatymas) as amended or replaced from time to time), and (ii) the instruments, 
rules and standards created thereunder, as applicable, pursuant to which any obligation of 
the Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted 
into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or any other person (or 
suspended for a temporary period). 
"Relevant Amounts" means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with 
any accrued but unpaid interest and additional amounts due on the Notes. References to 
such amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not 
been paid, prior to the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority. 
"Relevant Resolution Authority" means the resolution authority with the ability to 
exercise any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer and/or the Group.

--- Page 49 ---
- 41 -
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF TIER 2 SUBORDINATED NOTES 
MIFID II product governance / target market – Solely for the purposes of  manufacturer's product 
approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: 
(i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, 
each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) 
the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – investment 
advice, portfolio management and non-advised sales and pure execution services, subject to the 
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer's target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer's target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.  
The Offer of Notes is directed to all natural and legal persons – institutional and retail investors, in 
Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia, irrespective of whether they qualify as qualified investors within the 
meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation, and to persons – institutional investors only, 
located in the Member State of the EEA (other than Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia) who are qualified 
investors within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation in each case pursuant to an 
exemption under Article 1(4)(a) of the Prospectus Regulation.  
 
Final Terms dated [•] 
AKCINĖ BENDROVĖ ŠIAULIŲ BANKAS 
Company’s Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300TK038P6EV4YU51 
Issue of EUR [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [•] per cent. Fixed Rate Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes due [•] 
under EUR 100,000,000 Tier 2 Subordinated Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [•] [and the supplemental Base Prospectus dated 
[date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of 
the Prospectus Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes 
described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with 
the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all relevant information. 
The Base Prospectus is available for viewing on the website of AB Nasdaq Vilnius Stock Exchange 
("Nasdaq Vilnius") (https://nasdaqbaltic.com/) and is also available at Akcinė bendrovė Šiaulių bankas 
website https://sb.lt/ as well as at the website of the Central Regulated Information Base www.crib.lt. 
Copies may also be obtained from the registered office of Akcinė bendrovė Šiaulių bankas, as well as 
from its office at the address Šeimyniškių str. 1A, Vilnius, the Republic of Lithuania. 
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
A summary of this Series has been appended to these Final Terms. The Final Terms have been 
approved by a decision of the Company’s Manager on [•]. The Final Terms have been filed with the 
BoL but are not subject to approval proceedings.  
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its 
own circumstances. A potential investor should not invest into Notes which are complex financial 
instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the 
Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the 
impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio.

--- Page 50 ---
- 42 -
 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which 
case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
[•] 
2. 
[(i) 
Series Number: 
[•]] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•]] 
3. 
Specified Currency: 
Euro (EUR) 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
[(i) 
[Series]: 
[•]] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
EUR [•], which corresponds to [•] per cent. of the Aggregate 
Nominal Amount [plus accrued interest from [•]] 
6. 
Specified Denominations: 
EUR 1,000  
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[•]/[Issue Date] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[•] 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal amount.] 
10. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes 
 
(ii) 
Date Management Board 
approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[[•] and [•], respectively] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST PAYABLE 
11.  
(i)  
Fixed Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date. 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[•], [•], [•] and [•] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [[in each case,] subject to adjustment in 
accordance with paragraph 17 below] 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
30/360 
 
(iv) 
Business Day 
Convention: 
Following Business Day Convention 
 
(v) 
Calculation Agent: 
Issuer

--- Page 51 ---
- 43 -
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
12. 
Call Option 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
Any Business Date following 5 years of the Issue Date, in 
whole or in part 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
100 per cent. per Nominal Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Early redemption 
following a Tax Event: 
Applicable 
 
(v) 
Early redemption 
following a Capital 
Event 
Applicable 
 
(vi) 
Early redemption 
following an MREL 
Disqualification Event 
Applicable 
13. 
Put Option 
Not Applicable 
14. 
Final Redemption Amount of 
each Note 
100 per cent. per Nominal Amount 
15. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Nominal Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or 
on event of default or other early 
redemption: 
100 per cent. per Nominal Amount  
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
16. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes shall be issued in non-material registered form. 
According to the Law on Markets in Financial Instruments 
of the Republic of Lithuania the book-entry and accounting 
of the dematerialized securities in the Republic of Lithuania, 
which will be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market 
(Nasdaq Vilnius), shall be made by Nasdaq CSD. Entity to 
be in charge of keeping the records will be the Issuer. The 
Notes shall be valid from the date of their registration until 
the date of their redemption. No physical certificates will be 
issued to the Investors. Principal and interest accrued will be 
credited to the Noteholders’ accounts through Nasdaq CSD. 
17. 
Substitution 
and 
Variation 
pursuant to Condition 14: 
Applicable 
following 
a 
Capital 
Event 
/ 
MREL 
Disqualification Event  
 
Signed on behalf of Akcinė bendrovė Šiaulių bankas: 
 
By:  ........................................................................... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 52 ---
- 44 -
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Admission to Trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the Regulated 
Market on the Bond List of Nasdaq Vilnius with expected 
date of Admission on or about [•].] / [Application is expected 
to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to 
be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market on the Bond 
List of Nasdaq Vilnius with expected date of Admission on 
or about [•].] 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
[•] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
(i) 
Rating of Notes: 
The Notes to be issued will not be rated. 
 
(ii) 
Rating of Issuer: 
The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Issuer 
generally 
 
 
[Moody's Investors Service: [•]] 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA/ the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EC)No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "CRA Regulation").] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the statement below:) 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Manager/Dealer], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Manager/Dealer] and 
their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and [its] 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
 
 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price, if the Issuer were to pay interest on each Interest 
Payment Date up to and including the Reset Date and were 
to redeem the Notes on the Reset Date. It is not an indication 
of future yield.] 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[•]

--- Page 53 ---
- 45 -
 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery against of payment 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION AND 
OFFERING 
 
 
(i) 
Dealers: 
[give names] 
 
(ii) 
Offering: 
Public offering in the Republic of Lithuania, Republic of 
Latvia and Republic of Estonia 
 
(iii) 
Offering Period: 
[•]  
 
(iv) 
Date of publishing the 
results of the Offering: 
[•] 
 
(v) 
Settlement Date: 
[•] 
 
Annex – Issue Specific Summary (the Bank will annex an issue specific summary and its translations into 
Lithuanian, Latvian and Estonian languages to the Final Terms)

--- Page 54 ---
- 46 -
 
HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION OFTHE ISSUER 
The following table is a summary of the Issuer’s financial performance and key performance indicators for 
the financial years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022. The information set out in the table 
below has been extracted (without any material adjustment) from and is qualified by reference to and should 
be read in conjunction with the Issuer’s audited financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2023 
and 31 December 2022, which are incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus and form an integral 
part hereof (please see Section Information incorporated by reference). The Issuer’s annual financial 
statements are prepared according to IFRS and Issuers quarterly financial statements are prepared according 
to IAS.  
There has been no significant change in the financial position of the Group since the date of the last audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Company for the financial years ended 31 December 2023. 
From 1 January 2023 Group is applying new accounting standard IFRS 17 Insurance contracts. This 
standard was applied retrospectively and had impact on comparable figures therefore figures in previous 
periods were restated. 
The financial year starts on 1 January and ends on 31 December.  
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income of the Group for years ended 31 December 2023 
and 31 December 2022  
CONDENSED INCOME STATEMENT 
EUR thousand 
31 December 
2023 
31 December 
2022 
(restated) 
Continuing operations  
Interest revenue calculated using 
the effective interest method  
195,726 
107,650 
Other similar income  
21,242 
12,041 
Interest expense and similar 
charges  
(60,115) 
(12,910) 
Net interest income  
156,853 
106,781 
  
Fee and commission income  
28,610 
26,295 
Fee and commission expense  
(8,358) 
(7,546) 
Net 
fee 
and 
commission 
income  
20,252 
18,749 
  
Net gain from trading activities  
11,948 
10,832 
Net 
gain 
(loss) 
from 
derecognition of financial assets 
809 
1,034 
Net gain (loss) from disposal of 
tangible assets  
864 
810 
Revenue related to insurance 
activities  
5,684 
6,418

--- Page 55 ---
- 47 -
 
EUR thousand 
31 December 
2023 
31 December 
2022 
(restated) 
Other operating income  
41 
1,658 
Salaries and related expenses  
(36,226) 
(30,729) 
Depreciation and amortization 
expenses  
(5,490) 
(4,642) 
Expenses related to insurance 
activities  
(12,514) 
(3,972) 
Other operating expenses  
(31,247) 
(21,618) 
Operating 
profit 
before 
impairment losses  
110,974 
85,321 
  
 
 
Allowance for impairment losses 
on 
loans, 
finance 
lease 
receivables and other assets  
(15,518) 
(5,409) 
(Allowance for)/ reversal of 
allowance for impairment losses 
on other assets 
286 
453 
Allowance for impairment losses 
on investments in subsidiaries  
- 
- 
Share of the profit or loss of 
investments 
in 
subsidiaries 
accounted for using the equity 
method  
- 
- 
  
Profit 
from 
continuing 
operations before income tax  
95,742 
80,365 
  
Income tax expense  
(20,367) 
(12,916) 
  
Net profit from continuing 
operations for the period  
75,375 
67,449 
  
Profit (loss) from discontinued 
operations, net of tax  
- 
- 
  
Net profit for the period  
75,375 
67,449 
  
 
 
Net profit attributable to:  
 
 
Owners of the Bank  
75,375 
67,449 
From continuing operations  
75,375 
67,449 
From discontinued operations  
- 
- 
Non-controlling interest  
- 
-

--- Page 56 ---
- 48 -
 
EUR thousand 
31 December 
2023 
31 December 
2022 
(restated) 
Basic earnings per share (in EUR 
per share) attributable to owners 
of the Bank  
0.13 
0.11 
  
 
Diluted earnings per share (in 
EUR per share) attributable to 
owners of the Bank  
0.13 
0.11 
 
 
 
STATEMENT OF 
COMPREHENSIVE 
INCOME 
 
 
 
 
Net profit for the period  
75,375 
67,449 
 
 
 
Other comprehensive income 
(loss):  
 
 
 
 
Items that may be subsequently 
reclassified to profit or loss:  
 
 
Gain 
from 
revaluation 
of 
financial assets 
3,356 
(9,407) 
Deferred income tax on gain 
(loss) 
from 
revaluation 
of 
financial assets  
(671) 
1,879 
  
 
Items 
that 
may 
not 
be 
subsequently 
reclassified 
to 
profit or loss:  
 
 
Fair value changes of financial 
liabilities at fair value through 
profit or loss attributable to 
changes in their credit risk  
- 
- 
  
 
Other comprehensive income 
(loss), net of deferred tax  
2,685 
(7,528) 
  
 
 
Total comprehensive income 
for the year  
78,060 
59,921 
  
 
 
Total comprehensive income 
attributable to:  
 
 
Owners of the Bank  
78,060 
59,921 
Non-controlling interest  
- 
-

--- Page 57 ---
- 49 -
 
 
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position of the Issuer as of 31 December 2023 and 31 December 
2022 
EUR thousand 
31 December 
2023 
 
31 December 
2022 
(restated) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ASSETS 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents 
751,499
 
384,758 
 
Securities in the trading 
book 
207,677
 
58,301 
 
Due from other banks 
3,013
 
2,733 
 
Derivative financial 
instruments 
251
 
897 
 
Loans to customers 
2,645,104
 
2,391,629 
 
Finance lease receivables 
286,533
 
242,448 
 
Investment securities at fair 
value 
74,500
 
90,225 
 
Investment securities at 
amortized cost 
751,227
 
969,036 
 
Investments in subsidiaries 
and associates 
100
 
100 
 
Intangible assets 
45,138
 
8,283 
 
Property, plant and 
equipment 
15,781
 
16,151 
 
Investment property 
993
 
1,827 
 
Current income tax 
prepayment 
35
 
6 
 
Deferred income tax asset 
7,577
 
5,659 
 
Assets held for sale 
150 
 
150 
 
Other assets 
19,743 
 
10,453 
 
Total assets 
4,809,321 
 
4,182,656 
 
 
 
 
 
 
LIABILITIES 
 
 
 
 
Due to other banks and 
financial institutions 
569,994
 
685,075
 
Derivative financial 
instruments 
1,041
 
7,152
 
Due to customers 
3,162,657
 
2,784,968
 
Special and lending funds 
15,718
 
14,184
 
Debt securities in issue 
276,480
 
171,231

--- Page 58 ---
- 50 -
 
EUR thousand 
31 December 
2023 
 
31 December 
2022 
(restated) 
 
Current income tax 
liabilities 
6,412
 
4,374
 
Deferred income tax 
liabilities 
6,125
 
1,463
 
Liabilities related to 
insurance activities 
179,318
 
36,185
 
Other liabilities 
48,448 
 
35,118 
 
Total liabilities 
4,266,193 
 
 
3,739,750 
 
 
 
 
 
EQUITY 
 
 
 
 
Share capital 
192,269
 
174,211 
 
Share premium 
25,534
 
3,428 
 
Treasury shares (-) 
(1,500)
 
- 
 
Reserve capital 
756
 
756 
 
Statutory reserve 
47,803
 
37,113 
 
Financial instruments 
revaluation reserve 
(5,426)
 
(8,111) 
 
Reserve for acquisition of 
own shares 
20,000
 
20,000 
 
Other equity 
1,697
 
2,355 
 
Retained earnings 
261,995
 
213,154 
 
Non-controlling interest 
-
 
- 
 
 
 
Total equity 
543,128
 
442,906 
 
  
 
 
Total liabilities and equity 
4,809,321
 
4,182,656

--- Page 59 ---
- 51 -
 
The Group’s statement of changes in equity 
 
Not
es
Share 
capital
Share 
premi
um
Treasu
ry 
shares 
(-)
Res
erve 
capi
tal
Financ
ial 
instru
ments 
revalu
ation 
reserv
e
Statut
ory 
reserv
e
Reserv
e 
for 
acquis
ition 
of own 
shares
Other 
equit
y
Retaine
d 
earning
s
Total
Non
-
con
trol
ling 
inte
rest
Total 
equity
 
Attributable to Bank shareholders 
  
 
 
 
31 December 2021  
174,211 3,428
(516) 756
(583) 21,893 10,000 3,288 193,950 406,427
- 406,427
Impact of change in accounting
principles
 
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
- (2,607) (2,607)
- (2,607)
1 January 2022 (restated)
174,211 3,428
(516) 756
(583) 21,893 10,000 3,288 191,343 403,820
- 403,820
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transfer to/from statutory reserve
-
-
-
-
- 15,220
-
-(15,220)
-
-
-
Transfer to reserve for acquisition of 
own shares 27
-
-
-
-
-
- 10,000
-(10,000)
-
-
-
Acquisition of own shares 27
-
- (1,557)
-
-
-
(234)
-
- (1,791)
- (1,791)
Share-based payment 27
-
-
2,073
-
-
-
234 (933)
7
1,381
-
1,381
Payment of dividends 29
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-(20,425)(20,425)
-(20,425)
Total comprehensive income
(restated)  
-
-
-
- (7,528)
-
-
- 67,449 59,921
- 59,921
Net profit (restated)
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
- 67,449 67,449
- 67,449
Other comprehensive income
(restated)  
-
-
-
- (7,528)
-
-
-
- (7,528)
- (7,528)
31 December 2022
174,211 3,428
- 756 (8,111) 37,113 20,000 2,355 213,154 442,906
- 442,906
Transfer to statutory reserve
-
-
-
-
- 10,690
-
-(10,690)
-
-
-
Increase in share capital 27 18,058 22,106
-
-
-
-
-
-
- 40,164
- 40,164
Acquisition of own shares 27
-
- (3,368)
-
-
-
-
-
- (3,368)
- (3,368)
Share-based payment 27
-
-
1,868
-
-
-
- (658)
75
1,285
-
1,285
Payment of dividends 29
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-(15,919)(15,919)
-(15,919)
Total comprehensive income
-
-
-
-
2,685
-
-
- 75,375 78,060
- 78,060
Net profit  
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
- 75,375 75,375
- 75,375
Other comprehensive income
-
-
-
-
2,685
-
-
-
-
2,685
-
2,685
31 December 2023
192,269 25,534 (1,500) 756 (5,426) 47,803 20,000 1,697 261,995 543,128
- 543,128
 
 
Note
s
Share 
capital
Share 
premi
um
Treasu
ry 
shares 
(-)
Rese
rve 
capit
al
Financ
ial 
instru
ments 
revalu
ation 
reserv
e
Statut
ory 
reserv
e
Reser
ve for 
acquis
ition 
of own 
shares
Other 
equit
y
Retaine
d 
earning
s
Total
31 December 2021
174,211
3,428
(516)
756
(597) 21,770 10,000 2,870 195,659 407,581
Impact of change in accounting principles
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
- (2,607)
(2,607)
1 January 2022 (restated)
174,211
3,428
(516)
756
(597) 21,770 10,000 2,870 193,052 404,974
Transfer to/from statutory reserve
-
-
-
-
- 15,152
-
- (15,152)
-
Transfer to reserve for acquisition of own
shares
27
-
-
-
-
-
- 10,000
- (10,000)
-
Acquisition of own shares
27
-
- (1,557)
-
-
-
(234)
-
-
(1,791)
Share-based payment
27
-
-
2,073
-
-
-
234 (953)
-
1,354
Payment of dividends
29
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
- (20,425) (20,425)
Total comprehensive income (restated)  
-
-
-
- (7,514)
-
-
-
67,413
59,899

--- Page 60 ---
- 52 -
 
Net profit (restated)
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
67,413
67,413
Other comprehensive income
-
-
-
- (7,514)
-
-
-
-
(7,514)
31 December 2022
174,211
3,428
-
756 (8,111) 36,922 20,000 1,917 214,888 444,011
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transfer to statutory reserve
-
-
-
-
- 10,683
-
- (10,683)
-
Increase in share capital
27 18,058 22,106
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
40,164
Acquisition of own shares
27
-
- (3,368)
-
-
-
-
-
-
(3,368)
Share-based payment
27
-
-
1,868
-
-
-
- (708)
88
1,248
Payment of dividends
29
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
- (15,919) (15,919)
Total comprehensive income
-
-
-
-
2,685
-
-
-
75,620
78,305
Net profit
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
75,620
75,620
Other comprehensive income
-
-
-
-
2,685
-
-
-
-
2,685
31 December 2023
192,269 25,534 (1,500)
756 (5,426) 47,605 20,000 1,209 263,994 544,441

--- Page 61 ---
- 53 -
 
KEY FINANCIAL RATIOS AND ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES OF THE 
ISSUER 
This document includes certain data which the Issuer considers to constitute alternative performance 
measures (APMs) for the purposes of the European Securities Markets Authority (ESMA) Guidelines on 
Alternative Performance Measures. These include Average equity, Return on equity, Average assets, 
Return on assets, Average interest earning assets, Net interest margin, Cost/Income ratio, Credit Impairment 
ratio, Loans to customers, Deposits from customers, Loans/Deposits ratio. Gross impaired loans vs Gross 
Loans (NPL ratio). 
These APMs are not defined by, or presented in accordance with, IFRS. The APMs are unaudited and are 
not measurements of the Issuer's operating performance under IFRS and should not be considered as 
alternatives to any measures of performance under IFRS or as measures of the Issuer's liquidity. 
The Issuer believes that the below measures provide useful information to investors for the purposes of 
evaluating the financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer, the quality of its assets and the 
fundamentals of its business. However, the Issuer's use and method of calculation of APMs may vary from 
other companies' use and calculation of such measures. 
No statement in this Base Prospectus is intended as a profit/EBITDA forecast and no statement in this Base 
Prospectus should be interpreted to mean that the earnings of the Group for the current or future years 
would necessarily match or exceed the historical published earnings of the Group. 
It should be noted that APMs are calculated for a 12 months period ended 31 December 2023 and 
31 December 2022 for the Group. 
  
31 
December 
2023
31 
December 
2022 
(restated)
Net profit, EUR million 
75.4
67.4
Average total assets, EUR million 
4,418.4
4,021.4
Return on average assets (ROAA), % 
1.7
1.7
Average total equity, EUR million  
487.4
418.0
Return on average equity (ROAE), % 
15.5
16.1
cost to income ratio, %  
43.5
41.7
Cost to income ratio (adjusted due to 
the impact of the gyvybės draudimo 
UAB 
"SB 
draudimas" 
(further 
SB draudimas) clients’ portfolio), %  
41.2
43.4
Price to book (P/BV) value ratio  
0.8
0.9
Price/Earnings (P/E) indicator of the 
Group  
6.1
6.5
Dividends to net profit, %  
43
25
Dividend yield, %  
7.0 
3.9
Loan to deposit ratio, %  
92.7
94.6

--- Page 62 ---
- 54 -
 
Description of Issuer’s alternative performance measures  
Performance measure 
Formula and components used for the 
calculation:  
Interpretation 
Return 
on 
average 
assets 
(ROAA), %  
Net profit for the year / Average total 
assets*100 
Net profit for the year – presented in the 
income statement*;   
Average 
total 
assets – 
calculated 
as 
an average of the total assets (presented in 
statement of financial position) for the last 
four quarters. 
* Note: Net profit is converted to annual by 
multiplying it by a coefficient according to the 
financial reporting period, i.e., net profit for 
Q1 is multiplied by 4, net profit for H1 is 
multiplied by 2, profit for three quarters 
multiplied by 4/3  
The ratio shows the 
percentage return the 
Issuer 
earns 
from 
assets. The higher the 
ratio, the more efficient 
use of assets 
Return 
on 
average 
equity 
(ROAE), %  
Net profit for the year / Average total 
equity*100 
Net profit for the year – presented in the 
income statement*;  
Average 
total 
equity – 
calculated 
as 
an average of the total equity (presented in 
statement of financial position) for the last 
four quarters. 
*Note: Net profit is converted to annual by 
multiplying it by a coefficient according to the 
financial reporting period, i.e., net profit for 
Q1 is multiplied by 4, net profit for H1 is 
multiplied by 2, profit for three quarters 
multiplied by 4/3.  
The ratio shows the 
percentage return the 
Issuer earns 
from 
equity. Higher ROAE 
ratio is considered as 
better 
Cost to income ratio, % 
Operating costs / Operating income*100*(-1)
Operating costs (which is a total of income 
statement 
lines):  
+ Salaries 
and 
related 
expenses; 
+ Depreciation and amortization expenses; 
+ Expenses related to insurance activities; 
+ Other 
operating 
expenses. 
Operating income (which is a total of income 
statement 
lines): 
+ Net 
interest 
income; 
+ Net 
fee 
and 
commission 
income; 
+ Net 
gain 
from 
trading 
activities; 
+ Net gain (loss) from derecognition of 
financial 
assets; 
+ Net gain (loss) from disposal of tangible 
assets;  
+ Revenue related to insurance activities; 
+ Other operating income.  
The ratio indicates the 
amount of cost used to 
earn 
one 
euro 
of 
income. Lower cost to 
income 
ratio 
is 
considered as better 
Cost to income ratio (adjusted 
due to the impact of the 
Operating costs (adjusted due to the impact of 
the 
SB draudimas clients’ portfolio) 
/ 
Operating income (adjusted due to the impact 
The indicator shows the 
cost spent per euro of 
income, eliminating the 
impact 
of

--- Page 63 ---
- 55 -
 
Performance measure 
Formula and components used for the 
calculation:  
Interpretation 
SB draudimas clients’ portfolio), 
%  
of 
the 
SB draudimas clients’ 
portfolio) 
*100*(-1) 
 Operating costs (which is a total of income 
statement 
lines): 
+ Salaries 
and 
related 
expenses; 
+ Depreciation and amortization expenses; 
+ Expenses related to insurance activities; 
+ Other 
operating 
expenses; 
- Part of the change of the technical insurance 
provisions that covers the result of investment 
of 
assets 
under 
unit-linked 
contracts 
{presented 
in 
the 
notes 
of 
financial 
statements}  
Operating income (which is a total of income 
statement 
lines): 
+ Net 
interest 
income; 
+ Net 
fee 
and 
commission 
income; 
+ Net 
gain 
from 
trading 
activities; 
+ Net gain (loss) from derecognition of 
financial 
assets; 
+ Net gain (loss) from disposal of tangible 
assets;  
+ Revenue related to insurance activities; 
+ Other 
operating 
income; 
- Investment result of the insurance company 
assets under unit-linked contracts {presented 
in the notes of financial statements} 
   
SB draudimas customer 
portfolio on both the 
cost and income side. A 
lower value of the 
indicator 
shows 
the 
efficiency / ability of 
the 
company 
to 
generate higher income. 
The 
influence 
of 
SB draudimas customer 
portfolio is eliminated 
because in aggregate it 
is always zero: the 
investment result of the 
assets under unit-linked 
contracts is identical, 
only with the opposite 
sign reflected on the 
cost side as part of the 
change 
in 
technical 
insurance 
provisions. 
Adding 
identical 
amounts to income / 
expenses, depending on 
the direction of market 
changes, 
significantly 
distorts the values of the 
cost-income ratio, this 
elimination 
allows 
better comparison of 
them in the time entry 
Price to book (P/BV) value ratio Share price / Book value per share 
  
Share price – presented on Nasdaq Vilnius 
stock 
exchange; 
Book value per share – calculated as ratio 
between total equity of the Bank (statement 
of financial position) and number of shares 
(annual report).  
The ratio indicates the 
price investors pay for 
one euro of total equity
Price/Earnings (P/E) indicator of 
the Group  
Share 
price 
/ 
Earnings 
per 
share
Share 
last price – 
presented on 
Nasdaq 
Vilnius 
stock 
exchange; 
Earnings per share – presented in the income 
statement.  
The price-earnings ratio 
indicates 
the 
price 
investors pay for one 
euro 
of 
the Issuer’s 
earnings 
Dividends to net profit, % 
Amount of dividends per share / Earnings per 
share*100 
  
Amount of dividends paid per share – 
presented in explanatory notes to the financial 
statements;  
Earnings per share – presented in the income 
statement.  
The ratio indicates the 
share 
of Issuer’s 
earnings 
that 
is 
distributed in a form of 
dividends 
Dividend yield, % 
Amount of dividends per share / Share 
price*100
The ratio indicates level 
of 
return 
that 
is

--- Page 64 ---
- 56 -
 
Performance measure 
Formula and components used for the 
calculation:  
Interpretation 
Amount of dividends paid per share – 
presented in explanatory notes to the financial 
statements;  
Share price – presented on Nasdaq Vilnius 
stock exchange.  
generated 
from 
dividends 
Loan to deposit ratio, % 
Loans / Deposit;  
Loans – Sum of amounts of loans granted to 
customers and receivables from Financial 
Lease (presented in the statement of financial 
position);  
Deposits – Amounts 
due 
to 
customers 
(presented in the statement of financial 
position).  
  
The indicator compares 
issued loans to accepted 
deposits, showing the 
Issuer’s 
liquidity. A 
higher value of the 
indicator indicates that 
the Issuer is in a higher 
risk area 
Cost of risk (CoR), % 
Allowance for impairment losses on loans / 
Average Loan portfolio*100 
Allowance for impairment losses on loans - 
sum of allowance for impairment losses on 
loans and finance lease (presented in the notes 
of financial statements). 
Average Loan portfolio – calculated as a 
average of the total loans and finance lease 
(presented in statement of financial position) 
for the last four quarters. 
The ratio indicates the 
loan portfolio's risk. 
The Issuer does not publish performance measures related to future reporting periods in its regulated 
information disclosures.

--- Page 65 ---
- 57 -
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Series of the Notes will be used for the general banking and other 
corporate purposes of the Issuer, including but not limited to meet mandatory minimum requirement on 
equity and eligible liabilities for the Issuer at the consolidated level.

--- Page 66 ---
- 58 -
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Background of the Issuer  
The Issuer is the consistently growing financial institution in Lithuanian market, paying special attention 
to business financing and consumer financing solutions. The Issuer serves its clients in 55 client service 
units in 36 cities and towns throughout Lithuania.   
The Issuer was registered as a public company in the Enterprise Register of the Republic of Lithuania on 
4 February 1992. The Issuer is licensed by the Bank of Lithuania to perform all banking operations provided 
for in the Law on Banks of the Republic of Lithuania and the Articles of Association of the Bank. The 
Group of the Issuer also includes Subsidiaries, which operate in the fields of leasing, life insurance and real 
estate.  
Key milestones in the Bank's development (year and event): 
1992 
The Bank is incorporated.
1994 
Listing on Nasdaq Baltic Market.
2005 
The ERPB became the Bank's major shareholder, acquiring 16% of the Bank's shares. 
2013 
Transfer of Ūkio bankas' insured liabilities and good assets (EUR 789 million). 
2015 
Acquisition of Finasta.
2018 
ERPB shareholding increased to 26%.
2020 
Acquisition of private client loan portfolio from the Lithuanian branch of Danske Bank A/S. 
2020 
Inclusion in the list of euro area banks directly supervised by the ECB. The ECB granted 
the Issuer the status of a significant Lithuanian financial institution.
2021 
The first bond issue on international financial markets is launched. 
2021 
The EBRD announces the sale of its 18% share package in the Bank. Shall purchase share 
packages of "Invalda INVL", "Tesonet Global" and "Willgrow" by June 2024. 12% of the 
shares have already been sold by the end of III quarter of 2023. 
2023 
Moody's has upgraded the Bank's credit rating to Baa1 with a stable outlook. 
The Bank and "Invalda INVL" has completed retail businesses merger.
 
All the shares of the Issuer are listed and traded on a Regulated Market on Nasdaq Vilnius Main List. In 
addition to that, its (i) subordinated notes with a total nominal value of EUR 20,000,000 (ISIN 
LT0000404287; redemption date – 23 December 2029), qualifying as Tier 2 capital, (ii) restricted senior 
preferred notes with a total nominal value of EUR 210,000,000 (ISIN LT0000405771; redemption date – 
7 October 2025), (iii) subordinated notes with a total nominal value of EUR 50,000,000 (ISIN 
LT0000407751; redemption date – 22 June 2033) qualifying as Tier 2 capital. All those bonds are listed 
and traded on Nasdaq Vilnius Bond List. 
Dividend payment history of the Issuer for the last 5 years: 
Dividends for the 
financial year 
 
Percentage of 
nominal value 
Dividends per share, 
EUR 
Total dividends, EUR 
2023
16.72
0,0485
32,094,712
2022 
9.14 
0.0265 
 15,919,246 
2021
11.72
0.0340
20,424,693
2020
1.90
0.0055
3,303,994
2019
0
0
0

--- Page 67 ---
- 59 -
 
The Issuer is also an active broker on the Nasdaq Baltic market and is a member of all three stock 
exchanges – Vilnius, Riga and Tallinn and a participant in the Central Depository Nasdaq CSD, SE (the 
merged central securities depository of Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia and Iceland, “Nasdaq CSD”).  
Information about the Issuer  
Table 1: Key information about the Issuer  
Legal and commercial name of the Issuer  
Akcinė bendrovė Šiaulių bankas and Šiaulių bankas AB 
respectively  
Legal form of the Issuer  
Public limited liability company  
Place of registration of the Issuer (registered 
office)  
Tilžės str. 149, Šiauliai, Lithuania  
Corporate ID code of the Issuer  
112025254  
LEI  
549300TK038P6EV4YU51  
Legislation under which the Issuer operates  
The laws of the Republic of Lithuanian  
Date of incorporation of the Issuer  
4 February 1992  
Operating period  
Indefinite  
Telephone number  
+370 41 595 607  
E-mail  
info@sb.lt   
Website  
www.sb.lt The information on the website does not form 
part of the Prospectus, unless certain information is 
incorporated by reference into the Prospectus (please see 
Section Information Incorporated by Reference)  
Business Overview  
As a bank with Lithuanian roots, it has embodied a bold and provocative character since its founding day 
and is now even more firmly articulating its core purpose – the Bank's mission is 'Banking that empowers.' 
Modern banking is understood and defined as progressive, intimate, human-centric, nurturing, and above 
all, enabling the realization of dreams. 
The Bank vision encompasses perspectives on customer relationships, reputation, visibility, and the bank's 
performance. The bank’s vision is 'A bank one wants to grow with,' entailing the realization of the ambition 
to be a bank that is beloved and recognized by its customers, employees, and investors, one that fosters and 
facilitates financial and professional growth. 
The Issuer accepts deposits, issues loans, makes money transfers and settlements, exchanges currencies for 
its clients, issues and processes debit and credit cards, is engaged in trade finance, investment services and 
securities trading, as well as performs other activities set forth in the Law on Banks of the Republic of 
Lithuania and the Articles of Association.  
The Bank’s activities is focused on three client groups with key strengths: 
Corporate clients 
Private clients 
Investment clients 
 
Recognised leader in 
Lithuanian SME and 
mid-size 
corporate 
lending 
 
Quick decision-making 
process enables rapid 
responsiveness to client 
requirements 
 
Full-suit 
product 
offering: more than 50 
different banking, asset 
management and life 
insurance products 
 
Omnichannel 
client 
reach: 
the 
widest 
network in Lithuania 
(55 branches in 36 
 
Market leader in the 
small 
and 
medium-
sized corporate bonds 
issuance 
 
Trading and brokering 
capabilities 
include 
repo 
transactions 
– 
unique 
offering 
in 
Lithuania

--- Page 68 ---
- 60 -
 
 
Robust 
risk 
management 
framework and high 
asset quality 
 
Ability to offer tailor-
made solutions to meet 
our clients needs 
cities), 
call 
center, 
mobile 
and 
online 
banking options 
 
Dedication to 
delivering exceptional 
client experiences 
 
The best risk and return 
profile of pension 
funds in Lithuania
 
Market 
leader 
in 
issuer‘s registration and 
related services 
 
On 1 December 2023, Šiaulių Bankas and Invalda INVL completed the merger of retail businesses. 
Following the completion of the transaction, Šiaulių Bankas Group, in addition to the financial services it 
already provided, started to  manage second- and third-pillar pension funds and investment funds for retail 
clients in Lithuania. The pension and investment fund business in Lithuania are managed through SB Asset 
Management UAB, controlled by the Bank. Šiaulių Bankas Group will also significantly expanded its life 
insurance business in the Baltic States, which are taken over by the bank-controlled life insurance company 
SB Draudimas UAB (operating in Latvia and Estonia through its own branches). The transaction involved 
more than 210 thousand clients and over EUR 1.2 billion of assets under management in the Baltics. As a 
result of the Transaction, the combined funds entrusted by clients to Šiaulių Bankas Group as deposits, 
assets under management and assets under custody will increased by a quarter and surpassed EUR 6 billion 
(as of end 2023). 160 specialists, investment managers and experts who worked for INVL joined Šiaulių 
Bankas Group, bringing the total number of employees in the Group to over 1,100. 
 
Figure 1. Regions and customer service network of the Issuer  
 
CSC – Customer Service Center 
CSP – Customer Service Point 
 
Source: the Issuer  
As of 31 December 2023, the Issuer had 55 customer service outlets (31 December 2022: 56 outlets). As 
of 31 December 2023, the Issuer had 981 employees (31 December 2022: 817).  
Issuer’s rating  
On 7 June 2023, the international rating agency Moody’s Investor Service (Moody’s) increased the long-
term deposit rating to Baa1 from Baa2. The outlook for long-term deposit ratings has been confirmed as 
"stable". This is the highest rating assessment in the bank's history. 
The Bank’s previous short-term deposit rating of P-2 has also been affirmed. In its statement, Moody’s said 
that the stable outlook on the long-term deposit ratings reflects Moody’s expectations that the Bank will be 
able to absorb moderate deterioration in asset quality without any meaningful deterioration in capitalization, 
much due to the very strong profitability, which will be the main source of buffers if additional loan loss 
provisions are taken. Furthermore, Moody’s expects that the Bank will repay its targeted longer-term

--- Page 69 ---
- 61 -
 
refinancing operations (TLTRO) during 2024 by using maturing securities. This will lead to an 
improvement in the funding structure ratio. 
Strategy of the Issuer  
On January 2024 the Bank announced its Strategy Update for 2024-2029, outlining its strategic ambition 
to become the best bank in Lithuania by 2029. The Bank is committed to achieving this goal by delivering 
an exceptional customer experience, fostering top-of-mind recognition among Lithuanian banking clients, 
expanding its customer base and loan portfolio at a faster pace than the market, and generating mid-to-high 
teen return on equity. 
The Bank’s strategic initiatives include upgrading the core banking platform, a comprehensive rebranding 
effort, reaffirming commitment to strong compliance & risk management and a heightened focus on ESG 
principles. The key priority remains a customer-centric approach, while also ensuring the highest standards 
of compliance and risk management. 
The Bank has signed an agreement with Temenos for the implementation of a core banking platform. 
Temenos is one of the most advanced banking platforms, used by around 3,000 leading financial institutions 
worldwide. The cloud-based platform will ensure modular development, flexibility, resilience, and the best 
customer experience. Platform is planned to be deployed in two years. 
The Bank is also analyzing rebranding needs. The aim is to ensure that the brand is in line with the Bank's 
strategic changes and evolving consumer expectations, and to increase the Bank's visibility among its target 
customer segments. The aim of this strategic move is to be top of mind of consumers in the Lithuanian 
banking sector. 
The Bank sees compliance and risk management as one of the key priorities, which is essential for achieving 
the best customer experience and strategic growth. The Bank will strengthen its compliance culture, 
implement new AML, FRAUD, and sanctioning systems, automate data exchange and management 
systems, and update its customer risk assessment model. 
The Bank's customer strategy in the short term is to implement strategic initiatives and grow the value of 
existing customers of Šiaulių Bankas Group by leveraging cross-selling opportunities and consistently 
improving the customer experience, and after renewing of the core banking platform and brand from 2026 
onwards to attract new higher-value customer segments. 
The Bank has renewed its organizational structure with a focus on customers, with the establishment of the 
Corporate Clients, Private Clients and Investment Clients divisions.  
In the corporate clients segment, the Bank, being a leader in SME and mid-cap enterprise financing, aims 
to double the number of business customers to 40 thousand by 2029 and to reach 20% of the business 
financing market. 
In the private clients segment, the goal is to reach 1 million customers by 2029 – twice as many as at present 
– and to ensure that one in three customers will use home banking services. 
In the investment clients segment, the Bank aims to become a leader in the debt capital market by offering 
services to a broader segment of companies seeking for financing on the capital markets and to help 
businesses raise at least € 500 m annually on the capital markets as of 2029. 
The strategy will aim to generate 20+ % average annual return (return on capital, dividends and share 
appreciation) to investors over the period 2024-2029.

--- Page 70 ---
- 62 -
 
Key financial targets:  
  
2023 
2024 
2025 
2026 
2027–2029  
Loan portfolio 
€ 2,9 bn 
€ 3,3 bn 
€ 3,7 bn 
€ 4,1 bn 
8 % (CAGR) 
 Cost-to-income ratio 
41,2 % 
49,7 % 
53,2 % 
48,8 % 
< 47,5 %. 
Return on equity 
15,5 % 
13,7 % 
13,1 % 
15 % 
> 15 % 
 
Issuer’s competitive position 
The Lithuanian banking market is dominated by several large financial institutions. These are banks that 
have a long history in this market and are internationally active. Because of their size and capital, these 
banks can offer a wide range of services to their customers, invest in the latest technology, and participate 
in major projects. As a result, they represent a significant market share. 
On the other hand, in recent years, technological innovation, particularly in the financial technology 
(FinTech) sector, has led to the emergence of many new players offering alternative banking services. These 
newcomers, although they do not have as much capital or a long history, are able to adapt quickly to market 
needs, offer innovative services and attract new customers. 
Figure 2. Key ratios of the banking sector  
Source: *Statistics compiled and published by the BoL (it contains data of financial groups – i.e. regulatory scope of consolidation) 
**Information available at the website of Lithuanian bank association at https://www.lba.lt/lt/statistika-1-1 (Pagrindiniai bankų 
veiklos rodikliai, 2023 m. III ketv. I dalis) 
Information on the Issuer’s performance results  
Group’s results for the year 2023: 
 
Profit. Šiaulių Bankas Group earned a record net profit of EUR 75.4 million. 
 
Dividends. A dividend of almost 43% of net profit for 2023, i.e., EUR 0.0485 per share, is 
approved to shareholders. 
 
Portfolio. Loan portfolio value increased steadily by 11% year-on-year to over EUR 2.9 billion. 
 
Deposits. The portfolio of funds held by clients grew by 14% per year to reach almost EUR 3.2 
billion at the end of 2023. 
 
Transaction. Šiaulių Bankas and Invalda INVL successfully completed merger of retail 
businesses. 
 
Strategy. The Bank’s 2024–2029 strategy has been updated and we aim to become the best bank 
in Lithuania by 2029.. 
As of 30 September 2023 
(unaudited data) 
Total capital 
adequacy ratio 
Large exposure 
ratio 
Liquidity 
coverage ratio 
Return on 
Assets (RoA), % 
Return on 
Equity (RoE), 
% 
Loans and 
advances, 
mEUR 
Deposits, mEUR 
*Šiaulių bankas AB  
21.34 
15.37 
183.39 
2.05 
18.67 
2,898 
3,029 
*Swedbank AB  
20.96 
10.16 
741.50 
2.13 
30.23 
8,327 
14,005 
*SEB bankas AB  
18.32 
18.92 
141.47 
2.35 
28.51 
6,968 
10,889 
*Revolut Bank, UAB  
19.11 
19.95 
886.81 
0.59 
12.58 
511 
10,266 
*Medicinos bankas UAB  
18.07 
22.77 
360.67 
2.07 
18.27 
324 
421 
**„Luminor 
Bank“ 
AS 
Lithuanian branch 
n.d. 
n.d. 
n.d. 
n.d. 
n.d. 
4,939 
7,065

--- Page 71 ---
- 63 -
 
Figure 3. Net Profit earned by the Group, EUR million 
 
Source: the Issuer  
Šiaulių Bankas Group generated audited net profit of EUR 75.4 million in 2023, an increase of 12% 
compared to 2022. Operating profit before impairment and corporate tax amounted to EUR 111.0 million, 
a 30% increase compared to an operating profit of EUR 85.3 million in 2022.  
The net profit for Q4 2023 was EUR 9.7 million or 45% lower than in Q4 2022. The lower quarterly 
operating result was significantly impacted by one-off costs of EUR 6.6 million for the merger of retail 
business, solidarity tax reallocation and increase in minimal acquisition value for property, plant and 
equipment. 
The Bank’s revenue from operating activities grew rapidly throughout the year. Compared to 2022, net 
interest income grew by 47% to EUR 156.9 million, while net fee and commission income grew by 8% to 
EUR 20.3 million. 
The revision of the parameters for the calculation of provisions in the light of updated macroeconomic 
forecasts resulted in provisions of EUR 6.8 million in the last quarter and EUR 15.2 million for the year 
(provisions amounted to EUR 4.9 million in 2022). In 2023, the cost of risk (CoR) for the loan portfolio 
was 0.5% (0.2% in 2022). 
Šiaulių Bankas maintained high operational efficiency – the Group’s cost-to-income ratio (excluding the 
impact of client portfolio of SB Draudimas) was 41.2% (43.4% in 2022) and return on equity – 15.5% 
(16.1% in 2022). Capital and liquidity position remains sound and prudential regulations are met with the 
solid buffers. 
 
Business and Private Clients Financing   
Figure 4. Loan portfolio in EUR million and yields
 
Source: the Issuer  
59.9
55.0
59.3
72.4
90.6
-8.4
-12.0
-4.1
-4.9
-15.2
51.5
43.0
55.2
67.4
75.4
-20
-5
10
25
40
55
70
85
100
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
EUR m
Impairment
losses
Net profit before
impairment
Net profit
1,672
1,761
2,104
2,634
2,932
+5%
+19%
+25%
11%
0
400
800
1,200
1,600
2,000
2,400
2,800
3,200
2019.12.31
2020-12-31
2021-12-31
2022-12-31
2023-12-31
EUR m
Loan and
finance
lease
portfolio

--- Page 72 ---
- 64 -
 
All financing segments grew in 2023. The value of the loan portfolio increased by 1% in Q4 2023 and by 
11% year-on-year to over EUR 2.9 billion. Last year, EUR 1.35 billion worth of new credit agreements 
were signed, i.e., 12% less than in 2022. 
Business lending volumes remained stable at the end of the year, with new business loan agreements signed 
for EUR 740 million during the year, or 11% less than in 2022.The value of the portfolio remained stable 
over the last quarter and grew by 6% year-on-year to EUR 1.47 billion.  
Despite the increase in base interest rates or continued uncertainty, Šiaulių Bankas grew its mortgage 
financing portfolio, which increased by 3% in the quarter and by 17% since the beginning of the year, 
reaching almost EUR 0.8 billion. During the year, new mortgage agreements were signed for EUR 175 
million, i.e., 32% less than in 2022. 
Slower domestic consumption and a more cautious attitude of the population towards borrowing for 
consumption and purchases led to slower portfolio growth at the end of the year. The consumer financing 
portfolio grew by 2% in Q4 2023 and by 29% for the whole of 2023, reaching almost EUR 300 million. In 
total, EUR 220 million worth of consumer credit agreements were signed during the year, or 17% more 
than in 2022. 
The Bank continues to actively finance energy efficiency projects by participating in the renovation of 
multi-apartment buildings in Lithuania. In the last quarter of 2023, a significant milestone was reached – 
the amount of multi-apartment building renovation financing agreements signed on behalf of Šiaulių 
Bankas exceeded EUR 1 billion. Work on the establishment of the second modernisation fund SB 
Modernizavimo Fondas, worth EUR 200 million, has also gained momentum. The fund is expected to 
finance renovation of around 300 multi-apartment buildings and should start operating in March 2024.  
The Bank, as a pioneer of securitisation in Lithuania, continues to actively use the experience gained not 
only in the establishment of the second multi-apartment building modernisation fund, but also in the use of 
synthetic securitisation for other loan products, thus meeting the Bank’s objectives of efficient use of capital. 
Daily Banking  
In Q4 2023, 7.1 thousand new private and business clients started using the Bank’s services, and since the 
beginning of the year, more than 30 thousand have joined the Bank. The number of active clients of Šiaulių 
Bankas at the end of the year exceeded 180 thousand. Following the merger of the retail businesses, the 
total number of clients of Šiaulių Bankas Group, including clients of SB Asset Management, SB Draudimas 
and SB Lizingas, exceeds 500 thousand.  
In 2023, Šiaulių Bankas placed great emphasis on digitisation and new more convenient smart solutions. 
In response to client needs, the Bank has developed digital channels as well as services in the Internet Bank 
and mobile app. 
The Bank continues to provide the highest quality of customer service. In a mystery shopper survey 
conducted for Dive Lietuva in 2023, the Bank scored maximum in terms of quality of customer service, 
both in person at branches and over the phone.

--- Page 73 ---
- 65 -
 
Saving and Investing  
Figure 
5. Deposit 
portfolio 
in 
EUR 
million 
and 
deposit 
costs dynamics
 
Source: the Issuer  
Seeing the increased demand from clients to protect their savings against inflation, we have been offering 
our clients some of the highest interest rates on term deposits among the major banks in Lithuania all year 
round. The portfolio of term deposits of clients grew by 68% year-on-year to EUR 634 million. The total 
portfolio of funds held by clients grew by 5% or EUR 152 million in Q4 2023 and by 14% or EUR 379 
million year-on-year, reaching almost EUR 3.2 billion at the end of the year. 
The second-pillar pension funds managed by SB Asset Management, the asset management company of 
Šiaulių Bankas Group, have earned more than EUR 100 million in investment returns for their participants 
in 2023, after deducting all fees. The clients’ assets in the second-pillar pension funds managed by the 
company exceeded EUR 1 billion at the beginning of this year. The clients’ assets in the third-pillar pension 
funds managed by SB Asset Management amounted to EUR 122 million at the end of 2023. The company 
was the largest in Lithuania in terms of assets under management in the third-pillar pension funds, with a 
42% market share.  
In the last quarter alone, investing clients invested more than EUR 50 million in the 13 corporate bond 
placements organised by the Bank. In total, clients invested over EUR 100 million in bond issues last year. 
The value of clients’ investments held with the Bank doubled during the year to EUR 2 billion. 
Regarding external environment factors  
The Bank monitors the tense geopolitical situation in order to properly and timely assess and identify the 
potential impact of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine on the Bank’s operations and the quality of its portfolio 
due to the risks it poses to clients. The Bank has no operations in Russia, Belarus or Ukraine and does not 
have significant direct exposures in these countries. The Bank considers the secondary risk of direct 
insolvency of clients operating in Lithuania due to the geopolitical situation to be low: the Bank’s largest 
clients are aware of the threats, the number of clients dependent on business relations with Ukraine and 
Russia is low, and clients with business relations in the countries mentioned above are reducing their 
dependence of their income on business transactions. To identify in a timely manner a potential increase in 
the risk of its clients, the Bank applies the procedures set out in the Bank’s internal regulations, records 
Early Warning Indicators (EWI) for the impact of the geopolitical situation on the clients that have a 
moderate or greater dependence on the aforementioned countries through their supply or sales chains, or 
through their shareholding structure, and, in the event of a potentially significant risk, puts the client on the 
Watch List and implements enhanced monitoring for these clients, and approves action plans for the 
mitigation of risk. The greatest uncertainties and potential negative impacts arise from tertiary effects, i.e., 
the impact of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine on the overall state of the economy. The Bank uses scenario 
assessments and stress testing to assess these impacts. These assessments indicate that the Bank’s capital 
position is strong and that the Bank would be able to withstand significant shocks related to economic 
downturns. 
The increased monitoring is not limited to credit risk, but also includes a stronger monitoring of the bank's 
liquidity position (except for the increased cash withdrawals a few days after the start of the invasion, there 
were no negative trends related to the invasion), increased focus on business continuity and IT security 
(business continuity plans have been updated with a number of additional scenarios, cybersecurity status is 
2,041
2,353
2,685
2,799
3,178
+15%
+14%
4%
14%
0
500
1,000
1,500
2,000
2,500
3,000
3,500
2019.12.31
2020-12-31
2021-12-31
2022-12-31
2023-12-31
EUR m
Deposit
portfolio

--- Page 74 ---
- 66 -
 
constantly being monitored, additional cyber-protection measures have been implemented, and testing of 
measures and plans is ongoing). Also, due to the rapidly changing situation and the introduction of new 
sanction packages, the processes and procedures for complying with the sanctions for clients and payments 
are under considerable scrutiny, which may in some cases lead to longer process time. 
The Russian invasion of Ukraine may further contribute to increased market volatility. The Bank has no 
direct investments (securities or other financial instruments) in Russia, Belarus or Ukraine. The Bank has 
no or close to zero open currency exposure in these countries. 
The Bank is closely monitoring the situation regarding problems of some US and Swiss banks. The Bank 
has no direct positions in these credit institutions and does not notice any material second or third order 
effects to Bank‘s activities. Events unfolding in the Middle East also do not have a material direct impact 
on Bank’s activities. 
 
Regulatory requirements applicable to the Issuer  
 
Issue is a subject to following ratios and prudential requirements: Capital or own fund 
requirements. Banks must hold sufficient capital for covering unexpected losses and remaining 
solvent during a crisis period. Banks must satisfy the following Pillar 1 own funds requirements: 
 
a Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5%. This is the ratio between Tier 1 equity 
capital and risk weighted assets and off-balance sheet liabilities of the bank;  
 
a Tier 1 capital ratio of 6%. This is the ratio between Tier 1 capital and risk weighted 
assets and off-balance sheet liabilities of the bank;  
 
a total capital ratio of 8%. This is the ratio between the own funds and risk weighted 
assets and off-balance sheet liabilities of the bank;  
 
a leverage ratio of 3%. This is the ratio between Tier 1 capital and the total exposure 
measure of the bank.  
 
SREP capital requirements consist of two parts: 
 
Pillar 2 requirement or P2R, which covers risks underestimated or not covered by Pillar 
1. P2R is binding and breaches can result in regulatory sanctions. The Issuer is subject to 
a P2R requirement which have been increased up to 2.05% from 1 January 2023 from 
1.6% (31 December 2022); 
 
Pillar 2 guidance or P2G, which indicates to banks the adequate level of capital to be 
maintained in order to have sufficient capital as a buffer to withstand stressed situations. 
P2G is not legally binding, but the regulators expect banks to comply with this buffer. 
The Issuer is subject to a P2G requirement of 1.75%; 
 
In addition to the capital requirements, banks must meet additional capital buffer requirements: 
 
capital conservation (CCoB) buffer of 2.5%. The purpose of this requirement is to 
obligate banks to accumulate additional capital for covering unexpected losses. It is 
uniform across all European Union banks; 
 
institution’s special countercyclical capital (CCyB) buffer requirement. The supervisory 
authorities of Member States may, at their own discretion, set the amount of a specific 
countercyclical capital buffer for a particular institution or a group of institutions, thereby 
mitigating the risk of unsustainable growth and securing the banking sector and the 
economy against a credit boom. A special countercyclical capital buffer requirement of 
0% is applied for positions in Lithuania recently and increased by 1% from 1 October 
2023;  
 
other systemically important institutions (O-SII) buffer requirement. The purpose of this 
requirement is to obligate banks to accumulate additional capital to cover losses arising 
from the impact of the bank’s financial difficulties on the European Union market or a 
particular domestic financial market. It is set on an individual basis – up to 2% of risk 
weighted assets. For the Issuer, O-SII buffer currently is set at 1%; 
 
the sectoral systemic risk (SyRB) buffer requirement. The purpose of this requirement is 
to increase the financial system’s resilience in the presence of a higher risk of potential 
housing market overheating in Lithuania. It is introduced by Bank of Lithuania and set 
as 2% to the housing loan portfolios of housing credit issuers. 
 
Liquidity requirements. Banks must hold sufficient liquid assets to be able to cover net cash 
outflows under gravely stressed conditions within 30 days. The value of the liquidity coverage

--- Page 75 ---
- 67 -
 
ratio (“LCR”) must not be below 100%, i.e., a credit institution’s reserves of liquid assets must 
not be lower than net cash outflows over 30 calendar days under gravely stressed conditions. Banks 
must have sufficient stable funding to meet the funding needs for a one-year period both under 
regular and stressed conditions. The value of the net stable funding ratio (“NSFR”) should be no 
lower than 100%, i.e., the stable funding amount available for the credit institution should be no 
lower than the required stable funding amount over a one-year period.  
 
The large exposure requirement. Exposure to a client or a group of connected clients, i.e., loans 
granted, also any asset or off-balance-sheet asset share cannot exceed 25% of the institutions CET1 
capital, or EUR 150 million, whichever the higher, provided that the sum of exposure values. 
 
MREL requirements applicable to the Issuer  
In February 2023, the Issuer received its MREL requirement, entailing the following MREL 
requirements that shall be met by 1 January 2024:  
 
the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities of the resolution entity with which 
the Issuer shall comply is 21.49% of total risk exposure (MREL-TREA) and 7.16% of leverage 
ratio exposure (MREL-LRE);  
 
subordinated instruments shall comprise 13.50% of total risk exposure (MREL-TREA, 
subordinated) and 5.99% of leverage ratio exposures (MREL-LRE, subordinated).  
In February 2024, the Issuer has received updated targets which the Issuer shall comply from May 2024:  
such targets comprise MREL-TREA of 22.67% and MREL-LRE of 7.09%, subordinated MREL-TREA of 
13.50% and subordinated MREL-LRE of 5.95%.   
Combined buffer requirement (CBR) has to be included on top of MREL-TREA and MREL-TREA, 
subordinated requirements. 
The Issuer’s MREL requirements can be summarised as follows:   
  
1 January 2023  
1 January 2024  
May 2024 
  
(intermediate 
target)  
(requirement)  
(requirement) 
MREL-TREA  
15.43% + CBR 
21.49% + CBR 
22,67%+CBR 
MREL-LRE  
5.89% 
7.16%  
7.09% 
MREL-TREA, subordinated  
13.50% + CBR 
13.50% + CBR 
13.5%+CBR 
MREL-LRE, subordinated  
5.79% 
5.99%  
5.95% 
CBR applicable to the Issuer as of 31 December 2023 is 4.7% and consists of Capital conservation buffer 
of 2.5%, O-SII buffer of 1.0%,  SyRB buffer of 0.2% and Countercyclical buffer  of 1%. Components of 
the CBR may be changed by the decision of institutions that are responsible for setting the buffers.  
As of 31 December 2023, Issuer’s MREL-TREA was 29.62% MREL-TREA, subordinated was 21.17%, 
MREL-LRE 14.22%, MREL-LRE, subordinated 10.16%.

--- Page 76 ---
- 68 -
 
Capital requirements applicable to the Issuer  
Capital management of the Issuer  
The capital of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries in the prudential scope of calculation is calculated and 
allocated for the risk coverage following the capital requirements regulation and directive – CRR/CRD and 
local legal acts. The Issuer’s objectives when managing own funds are as follows:  
 
to comply with the own funds requirements set by the European Parliament and the Council of the 
European Union as well as the internal target capital requirements;   
 
to safeguard the Issuer’s and the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern so that it can 
provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders;   
 
to support the development of the Group’s business with the help of the strong capital base.  
Capital adequacy assessment is performed on a quarterly basis in accordance with the Information 
guidelines in respect of risk management and capital adequacy disclosure (Pillar3) report.  
During the  2023 and 2022,  years e the Issuer complied with capital requirements.  
The capitalisation of the Issuer is sufficient to ensure financial stability and provide the capital needed to 
deliver the business strategy. As of 31 December 2023, the total consolidated Capital Ratio of the Issuer, 
was 20,7% (19,0% as of 31 December 2022 on the consolidated level of the Group).    
In its Capital Adequacy calculations, the Issuer uses the standardised method to calculate risk weighted 
exposure amounts for Credit and Market risk. Risk weighted exposure amounts for operational risk are 
calculated using the Basic Indicator Approach method.  
Capital Ratios 
Position  
31 December
2023 
31 December 
2022 
CET 1 Ratio  
18.2 % 
18.1% 
T1 Capital Ratio  
18.2 % 
 18.1% 
Total Capital Ratio  
20.7 % 
19.0%
 
Risk Exposure  
Composition of Risk Exposure Amount (REA)   
  
 31 December 2023
 31 December 
2022 
Credit Risk   
2,098,153
 2,122,021
Securitisation positions 
44,055
47,521
Market Risk   
23,082
30,230
Credit valuation adjustment   
50
 125
Operational Risk   
273,992
221,464

--- Page 77 ---
- 69 -
 
Risk Exposure  
  
31 December 2023
31 December 
2022
  
 
 
TOTAL RISK EXPOSURE AMOUNT   
2,439,333 
2,421,361
RISK-WEIGHTED 
EXPOSURE 
AMOUNTS 
FOR 
COUNTERPARTY CREDIT AND DILUTION RISKS AND 
FREE DELIVERIES   
2,142,208 
 2,169,542
Standardised approach (SA)   
2,098,153 
2,122,021
Central governments or central banks  
4,476 
 5,170
Regional governments or local authorities   
14 
21
Public sector entities   
2,966 
 11,871
Institutions   
23,009 
70,316
Corporations   
330,189 
 482,673
Retail   
553,328 
431,813
Secured by mortgages on immovable property   
795,688 
768,708
Exposures in default   
70,182 
55,190
Items associated with particularly high risk   
140,116 
150,098
Collective investments undertakings (CIU)  
35,929 
62,052
Equity   
82,044 
 29,959
Other items   
60,212 
54,150
Securitisation positions 
44,055 
47,521
Total risk exposure amount for position, foreign exchange and 
commodities risks  
23,082 
 30,230
Total risk exposure amount for operational risk (OpR)  
273,992 
221,464
Total risk exposure amount for credit valuation adjustment  
50 
 125
 
General Risk Management Principles  
The risk management of the Issuer is described in section “Financial Risk Management” of the consolidated 
financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 (pages 25-74), incorporated into 
this Base Prospectus by reference.

--- Page 78 ---
- 70 -
 
Major shareholders of the Issuer  
On the day of this Base Prospectus the authorised capital of the Company is EUR 192,269,027.34 and is 
divided into 662,996,646 ordinary registered shares with a nominal value of EUR 0.29 each. All the shares 
issued by the Company entitle equal voting rights to their holders. 
31 December 2020 European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) possessed 26.02% of the 
authorised capital and votes of the Issuer. On 22 December 2021 EBRD announced that it has agreed to 
sell an 18% stake in the Issuer. EBRD has signed 3 separate agreements with Akcinė bendrovė "Invalda 
INVL", an asset management group, Tesonet Global, part of the Tesonet group of companies, and ME 
Investicija, a holding company that owns Girteka Logistics, to sell stakes of 5.87%, 5.87% and 6.29% in 
the Issuer, respectively. Acquisitions of shares will take place through a series of transactions until June 
2024 and in some cases might be subject to regulatory approvals. After this transaction as of 31 December 
2023 EBRD possessed 12.69% of the authorised capital and votes of the Issuer. 
On 22 November 2022 the Issue and Invalda INVL signed an agreement according which segments of their 
retail businesses were merged on 1 December 2023. After closing the transaction, 62,270,383 newly issued 
shares of the Issue which represents 9,39% of the Issuer shareholding were transferred to Invalda INVL on 
15 December 2023. Following the completion of this share acquisition transaction, the Invalda INVL 
Group’s shareholding in the Issuer increased to 18.45%. Following the completion of above mentioned 
transaction with EBRD and other planned share acquisition transactions announced, the Invalda INVL 
Group intends to increase its shareholding in the Issuer up to 20% threshold. 
On December 2021 ME Investicija, now – Willgrow UAB announced about acquisition of 5.71% of Bank’s 
shares, and on May 2023 acquired 2.09% of Bank’s shares. On January 2022 Tesonet Global acquired 
1.96% of Bank’s shares, on May 2023 – 1.95%. After the said transactions as of 31 May 2023 EBRD 
possessed 14% of the authorised capital and votes of the Issuer. 
In the table below the information is provided on shareholders of the Issuer on the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Table 2. Shareholders of the Issuer, holding more than 5% of shares and votes of the Issuer as of the 
date hereof 
No  
Shareholder  
Number of 
owned shares 
and votes 
directly
Percentage 
owned 
directly, % 
Votes, held by other persons, 
acting in concert, % 
Total, % 
1.  
EBRD  
 84,101,686 
12.69 
– 
12.69 
2.  
Akcinė bendrovė 
"Invalda INVL"  
118,384,452 
17.846 
 0.393 
18.24 
3. 
Willgrow UAB 
(ME 
INVESTICIJA) 
 46,894,161 
 7.07 
– 
 7.07 
4 
Algirdas Butkus 
16,014,268 
2.42 
2.64 
5.02 
Source: the Issuer  
 
 
 
3Votes, held by its subsidiary UAB "INVL Asset Management" – 0.39%, . 
4 Votes, held by the controlled entities: prekybos namai “Aiva” UAB – 1.81%, Mintaka UAB – 0.79%.

--- Page 79 ---
- 71 -
 
Table 3. Managers of the Issuer and their controlled companies, holding shares and votes in the 
Issuer as of the date hereof 
No Manager  
Position 
Number of 
owned 
shares and 
votes 
directly
Percentag
e owned 
directly, 
%
Number of 
owned 
shares and 
votes non-
directly
Controlled 
companies
Total, 
% 
1.  
Gintaras Kateiva  
Member of 
Supervisory 
Council 
 32,429627
 4.89
121,072
–
4.91 
2. 
Mindaugas Raila 
 Member of 
Supervisory 
Council 
- 
-  
 
46,894,161
 46,894,161
 7.07
3.  
Vytautas Sinius  
Member of the 
Board 
1,770,840
0.27
–
–
0.27
4.  
Donatas Savickas  
Member of the 
Board 
836,601
0.13
–
–
0.13
5.  
Mindaugas Rudys  Member of the 
Board 
411,870
0.06
–
–
0.06
6.  
Daiva Šorienė  
Member of the 
Board 
319,888
0.05
–
–
0.05
7.  
Algimantas Gaulia Member of the 
Board 
53,886
0.01
–
–
0.01
Source: the Issuer  
Apart from the information, indicated in this Section, the Issuer has no information about any other possible 
control over the Issuer, as well as the arrangements, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result 
in a change in control of the Issuer. Disregarding this, as it was indicated in the notification on material 
event of the Issuer, dated 12 April 20225, on this date, as part of the annual variable remuneration for 2021, 
employees of the Issuer were granted an option right to receive 1,745,114 shares free of charge on 11 April 
2025. The Issuer also confirmed proportional part (one third) of the number of shares granted for the 
employee’s performance in 2020, 2019 and 2018 to be received after exercise of options: 757,526 shares 
on 12 April 2024, 830,437 shares on 14 April 2023 and 930,704 shares on 12 April 2022. Aforementioned 
options granted for the employee’s performance in 2018 were exercised on 12 April 2022. Employee 
options granted for 2019 performance were exercised on 14 April 2023. Thirty-five employees of the Bank 
Group were granted 2 491 317 Bank shares upon exercise of these options. 
Thus, execution of these Share option rights will change the structure of shareholders of the Issuer 
insignificantly.  
As indicated above, certain members of the Management Board and Supervisory Council are also 
shareholders of the Issuer. Thus, it is possible that these shareholders may favour any of their own interests 
rather than those of the Issuer.  
Apart from the above, the Issuer is not aware of any potential conflict of interests between any duties to 
the Issuer of the members of the Management Board or the Supervisory Council (as defined in Section 
Supervisory and Management Bodies) of the Issuer as well as private interests or other duties of these 
persons. 
 
5 https://view.news.eu.nasdaq.com/view?id=b709dfc404521773fcc211e37b47e0c77&lang=en

--- Page 80 ---
- 72 -
 
 
The Corporate organizational structure of the Issuer and its Group 
Figure 6. Corporate structure of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries as of the date of the Base Prospectus  
 
 
￼ 
AB Šiaulių bankas owns 100% of shares of UAB "SB lizingas", Gyvybės draudimo UAB "SB draudimas", UAB “SB Asset 
Management”, UAB “SB turto fondas”, UAB "SB modernizavimo fondas", , Pakeitimo vertybiniais popieriais UAB " SB 
modernizavimo fondas 2". 
 
Source: the Issuer  
The Issuer does not belong to the group of companies as it is described in the applicable Lithuanian laws, 
i.e., the Issuer is not controlled by any persons, as it is indicated in the Law on Companies of the Republic 
of Lithuania – none of shareholders of the Issuer has shares thereof, entitling to more than 1/2 of votes in 
the General Meeting.  
The Issuer together with the Subsidiaries form a group of companies, as indicated in the above Figure 6. 
The Issuer is not dependent upon other Subsidiaries within the Group.  
Supervisory and Management Bodies 
The Issuer has a two-tier management system consisting of Supervisory Council, Management Board and 
CEO (Head of Administration), who together with the Management Board is responsible for the 
management of the Issuer. Business address of all the indicated bodies of the Issuer is Tilžės str. 149, 
Šiauliai, Lithuania.  
Only people who have the necessary expertise, skills, experience, education and professional qualifications 
and an impeccable business reputation may be elected or appointed as a CEO, members of the Management 
Board or the Supervisory Council.  
The Supervisory Council is a collegial supervisory body, which is responsible for supervising the activities 
of the Issuer and its management bodies, the appointment and removal of the members of the Management 
Board, submitting its comments and proposals to the General Meeting on the Issuer’s operating strategy, 
sets of financial statements, drafts of profit/loss appropriation, the reports of the Issuer, the activities of the 
Management Board and the CEO, submitting proposals to revoke decisions of the Management Board or 
the CEO, etc.  
The Management Board is a collegial management body, which is responsible for the strategic management 
of the Issuer, the appointment and removal of the CEO, calling the General Meetings, adoption of other 
corporate decisions which are economically feasible for the Issuer, etc.

--- Page 81 ---
- 73 -
 
The CEO is single person managing body of the Issuer who is responsible for the day-to-day management 
of the Issuer and enjoys the exclusive right of representing the Issuer vis-à-vis third parties.  
In addition, the day-to-day management of the Issuer is carried out through Divisions, the heads of which 
currently are also the members of the Management Board (except for the IT Division), and which are 
responsible for the day-to-day organization of the work of the Division and the proper implementation of 
the functions and objectives assigned to it. The CEO and the Heads of Divisions have employment relations 
with the Issuer which are of unlimited duration.  
Compliance with the Corporate Governance Regime 
The Issuer does not follow some of the requirements of the Nasdaq Vilnius Corporate Governance Code to 
its full extent. However, the Issuer aims and puts efforts to improve its compliance with this code to as to 
better meet the expectations of its investors. Detailed information on the compliance of the Issuer with this 
corporate governance regime is provided in the annex to the Annual Report for the year 2023 of the Issuer. 
The statements included therein are valid as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Internal Management Structure of the Issuer  
Detailed management system of the Issuer is provided in the Figure 7 below.  
Figure 7. Management system of the Issuer since 12 February 2024 
 
Changes in organizational structure 
The Issuer and the Group constantly strive to work efficiently, respond flexibly to changes and needs in the 
external environment, to implement the Issuer’s strategic directions of activities so that the organizational 
structure meets business needs as much as possible, ensures optimal organization of activities, process 
efficiency and employee competence.  
A new corporate structure of the Issuer has been adopted as of 25 September 2023, enabling the 
concentration of corporate customer, private customer and investment management functions and units into 
separate services. In creating the new structure, the ‘product house’ principle was employed, where the 
sales and the customer service departments are separated from the departments responsible for creating and 
supporting products. An Investment Management Division has been established, and sales activities are 
planned to be organised by customer segments and dedicated services: a Business Customer Division and 
a Private Customer Division. Overall product sales and customer service will be conducted through the 
Issuer’s sales branches, while supporting functions such as information technologies, human resources, 
legal, marketing and communication, data management, asset management, administration and customer 
experience management will be provided by the respective Issuer departments or branches.

--- Page 82 ---
- 74 -
 
The Group is transitioning towards centralising supporting functions, meaning that some centralisation 
efforts began on the date of the implementation of the transaction with INVL, while others will be 
transitioned gradually.  
As of 25 September 2023, the following structural changes have come into effect at the Bank:  
1. The Sales and Marketing Division has been abolished, and the departments and functions under 
its authority have been assigned to new departments. 
2. A new Corporate Clients Division has been established. Existing and newly created units have 
been assigned under the authority of the Corporate Clients Division:  
- 
the Clients Experience Management Department; 
- 
the Leasing Department; 
- 
the Special Assets Department; 
- 
the Credit Department; 
- 
the new Corporate Clients Management Department. 
3. A new Private Clients Division has been established. Existing, reorganised or new departments 
have been assigned under the authority of the Private Clients Division:  
- 
reorganised Marketing and Communication Department; 
- 
existing Remote Clients Service Centre; 
- 
the new Private Clients Services Department. 
4. The Markets and Treasury Department has been abolished and its functions have been assigned to 
the relevant units within the new Investments Management Division. New departments have been 
assigned under the authority of the Investments Management Division: 
- 
the Financial Markets Department; 
- 
the Treasury Unit, responsible for treasury management and control functions; 
- 
the Savings and Investment Product Development Unit. 
5. To concentrate data management functions into one structural unit, a new Data Management 
Department has been established within the Finance Division, responsible for the development 
and maintenance of centralised data analytics systems, and ensuring the financial customer data 
analytics function. 
6. To further strengthen the Bank’s capabilities for strategic digital transformation, a new Digital 
Development Department and a Projects and Change Management Department have been 
established within the Business Development Division. The functions of the Projects and Change 
Management Department will include the definition of the end-to-end journey of private customers 
and the organisation of the necessary changes in sales and service processes and information 
systems. Previously, the Financial Services Accounting Department was assigned to this Business 
Development Division. 
 
Supervisory Council  
Table 4. Members of the Supervisory Council  
Name, surname  
Position within the Issuer  
Beginning of term  
End of term  
Gintaras Kateiva  
Member of the Supervisory 
Council  
29 March 2024  
Until 29 
March 2028, 
in any case 
not later than 
until the 
ordinary 
General 
Meeting in 
2028 
Darius Šulnis  
Member of the Supervisory 
Council  
29 March 2024  
Susan Gail Buyske  
Member of the Supervisory 
Council (independent)  
29 March 2024  
Valdas Vitkauskas 
Member of the Supervisory 
Council (independent)  
29 March 2024  
Mindaugas Raila 
Member of the Supervisory 
Council 
29 March 2024

--- Page 83 ---
- 75 -
 
Name, surname  
Position within the Issuer  
Beginning of term  
End of term  
Tomas Okmanas  
Member of the Supervisory 
Council (independent)  
29 March 2024  
Monika Nachyła 
Member of the Supervisory 
Council (independent)  
Upon permission of 
the ECB is received  
Source: the Issuer  
The Supervisory Council is elected by the General Meeting. All the members of the Supervisory Council 
must be assessed by the ECB before they can be elected to the position. According to the Law on Companies 
of the Republic of Lithuania and Articles of Association of the Issuer the tenure of the Supervisory Council 
is 4 years and may not last longer than until the ordinary General Meeting convened in the last year of the 
tenure of the Supervisory Council. There is no limitation on the number of terms of office a member of the 
Supervisory Council may serve.  
The Supervisory Council elects its chairperson from among its members. The chairperson manages work 
of the Supervisory Council, convenes its meetings and performs other functions, provided for in the rules 
of procedure of the Supervisory Council.  
Each member of the Supervisory Council has one vote. If number of the voices “for” is equal with “against”, 
the chairperson’s vote is decisive. If there is no chairperson or he/she does not participate in the resolution 
adoption and there are equal votes, the resolution is deemed non-adopted. 
Gintaras Kateiva (born in 1965) has more than 25 years of experience of holding managerial positions. 
His strengths lie in strategic management, financial planning. Education – in 1989 graduated from the 
Vilnius state pedagogical institute, where he gained Pedagogue qualification. From 1993 till 2015 he was 
the General Manager of UAB “LITAGRA”. Gintaras Kateiva currently also serves as a Chairman of the 
Board of UAB “LITAGRA”. Since 2008 he serves as a member of the Supervisory Council of the Issuer. 
Darius Šulnis (born in 1971) has more than 20 years of experience in various financial and real estate 
industries. His strengths lie in strategic management, consulting and supervisory and control functions in 
organizations, coordination of compliance with the legal acts, regulating the Issuer’s activities. Education 
– in 1993 graduated from the Vilnius University, where he gained a Master’s in Economics. In 2013 he also 
graduated from the Duke University – The Fuqua School of Business, where he gained a Master’s in 
Business Administration. He has held different positions in INVL Asset Management IPAS (Latvia), 
INVL Atklatais Pensiju Fonds 
AB 
(Latvia), 
LP Grupė UAB, 
UAB 
"INVL 
Asset 
Management", Invalda INVL Investments UAB, bank Finasta AB, MP Pension Funds Baltic UAB, INVL 
Baltic Farmland AB, INVL Technology AB, INVL Baltic Real Estate AB and in many other companies.  
He currently serves as a CEO of Akcinė bendrovė Invalda INVL, Chairman of the Board of UAB "INVL 
Asset Management", Chairman of the Supervisory Council of FERN Group, UAB and member of the Board 
of UAB “LITAGRA”. He is also a member of the Supervisory Council of the Issuer since 2016.  
Susan Gail Buyske (born in 1954). Education – Bachelor of Arts degree in Russian language from 
Middlebury College (USA), a Master of Public Administration degree in international relations (the 
Woodrow Wilson School, Princeton University (USA), Phd in political science. Susan Gail Buyske 
currently serves as an independent member of the Supervisory Council of the Issuer since 2020 and as a 
Chair of the Board of the America for Bulgaria Foundation. Gail Buyske is a financial sector development 
consultant and non-executive director with a great experience on banks’ boards of directors like Swedbank 
AB, OJSC “URSA Bank”, JSC “Kazkommertsbank”, and others. Prior to consulting practice, 
Gail Buyske was successfully working in the field of international banking services at the European Bank 
for Reconstruction and Development (three years) and was holding a senior position at the Chase Manhattan 
Bank, USA.  She has also worked as non-executive director and Chair of Risk Committee of First Ukrainian 
International Bank, Universal bank in Ukraine; non-executive director of SA Advans SICAR Holding 
company for microfinance institutions in Africa and Asia.. 
Valdas Vitkauskas (born in 1968). Education – Master’s in Applied Economics, Southern Methodist 
University, Dallas, TX, USA, Bachelor of Business Administration, Vytautas Magnus University, Kaunas,

--- Page 84 ---
- 76 -
 
Lithuania. He currently serves as an independent member and a Chairman of the Supervisory Council of 
the Issuer. 
Work experience and previous positions: January 2022 – 30 May 2022 Head of Strategy, UAB “INVL 
Asset Management”, Lithuania; 2020 – 2022 Supervisory Council chairman of UAB “Sovereign 
Investment Management Agency” (“Valstybės investicijų valdymo agentūra”), Lithuania; 2011 – 2021 
Associate Director, Senior Banker, Regional Business Leader at Financial Institutions Team, European 
Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD), London, UK; 2016 – 2019 Independent Non-
Executive Board Member of UAB “EPSO-G”, Lithuania; 2014 – 2018 Supervisory Council member of the 
Issuer; 2013 – 2016 Supervisory Council member of Mobias Banca Societe Generale, Moldova; 2007 – 
2011 Head of Office, Senior Banker of EBRD Minsk Resident Office, Belarus; 1998 – 2007 Principal 
Banker of EBRD Vilnius RO, Lithuania; 1995 – 1996 Project Manager of Lithuanian Development Bank, 
Lithuania. 
Mindaugas Raila (born in 1972). Education – Business administration and management (Owner/President 
management program), Harvard Business school, Boston, USA.  
He currently serves as Chairman of the Board of “ME investicija”, UAB (from 2012). Also, he is Founder 
and Co-owner of “Girteka Logistics”, UAB (from 1996). He also serves as a member of the Supervisory 
Council of the Issuer (from 2023). 
Tomas Okmanas (born in 1987). Education - Master’s in E-Business management, Mykolas Romeris 
University, Lithuania; Bachelor of History in Vilnius university, Lithuania. 
He currently serves as Board Member of “Hostinger”, UAB (from 2018); Founder and Co-owner of 
“Tesonet” (from 2008); member of the Board and CEO of Tesonet global, UAB (company belongs to 
Tesonet group) (from 2020); executive CEO of 360 IT, UAB (belongs to Nord Security group); CEO of 
Tesonet Ventures, UAB (company belongs to Tesonet group) (from 2020); CEO of Hypervisor X, UAB 
(from 2020); member of the Board of Trustees of VU TSPMI (from 2020). Also, he is CEO (from 2017) 
and Board Member (from 2022) of Nord security group; member of the Founding Board of DATAQUAKE 
B.V. (Oxylabs Group). He also serves as an independent member of the Supervisory Council of the Issuer 
(from 2023). 
Work experience and previous positions: 2007 – 2016 Senior Unix system administrator, Project Manager, 
Head of Network Operations Center and CIO, International Business Development Manager, IT Consultant 
of “Penki kontinentai” group. Mr. Okmanas serves as an independent member of the Supervisory Council 
of the Issuer since the beginning of the year 2023. 
Monika Nachyła (born in 1968). Education – Master of Economics, Degree in Foreign Trade, 
specialization in International Finance and Insurance, Warsaw School of Economics, Poland. Also Post 
Graduate Studies in Psychology, Agriculture and Food Studies.  
She currently serves as Supervisory Council and Audit Committee member of Orange Polska S.A.; 
Supervisory Council member of Graal S.A.; Partner and member of the Management Committee of Abris 
Capital Partners. 
Work experience and previous positions: 2018 – 2023 Chair of the Supervisory Council of Velvet Care Sp. 
z o.o.; 2015 – 2020 BNP Paribas Bank Polska member of the Supervisory Council, member of the Audit 
and Risk Committees; 2016 – 2017 Euler Hermes S.A. member of the Supervisory Council, member of the 
Audit Committee; 2015 – 2017 Mykogen Polska S.A Chair of the Supervisory Council; 2015 –2 017 TFI 
Allianz Polska S.A. member of the Supervisory Council, member of the Audit Committee; 2015 – 2017 
TUiR Allianz Polska S.A. member of the Supervisory Council, Chair of the Audit Committee; 2011 –2013 
BGŻ BNP Paribas S.A. member of the Supervisory Council, member of the Risk and Audit Committee’s; 
2013 – 2015 Bank BGŻ S.A. Vice President Strategy and Development; 2011 – 2013 “1480” Luxury 
jewellery Entrepreneur - founder and CEO; 2011 – 2013 Bank BGŻ S.A. an independent Supervisory 
Council member and member of the Audit Committee; 2007 – 2011 Enterprise Investors (Private Equity/ 
Venture Capital), Warsaw, Poland, Partner; 2000 – 2007, Innova Capital (Private Equity/ Venture Capital), 
Warsaw, Poland, Vice President Portfolio Management, Vice President Fund Operations and member of 
the Management Committee; 1996 – 2000 Sanofi, (at present Sanofi-Aventis) Warsaw, Poland, Financial 
Manager; 1994 – 1995 Salustro Reydel, Paris, France and Warsaw, Senior Consultant / Supervisor; 1991 – 
1993 Arthur Andersen, Warsaw, Poland Audit Team / Senior Consultant (Audit and Business Advisory.

--- Page 85 ---
- 77 -
 
Monika Nachyła was elected to the Issuer’s Supervisory Council as an independent member on 29 March 
2024. The elected member to the Supervisory Council of the Issuer will take office only after the permission 
of the ECB is received. 
 
Management Board  
The Management Board is responsible for the strategic management of the Issuer, the appointment and 
removal of the CEO, calling the General Meetings, adoption of other corporate decisions which are 
economically feasible for the Issuer, provision of the Issuer financial services as required by law, etc. The 
Nomination Committee evaluates the candidates for the members of the Management Board and after the 
evaluation, proposes the candidates for the members of the Management Board and recommends them to 
the Supervisory Council for consideration.  
Table 5. Members of the Management Board  
Name, surname  
Position within the Issuer  Beginning of term  End of term  
Vytautas Sinius  
Chairman 
of 
the 
Management Board, CEO 
29 March 2024  
Until 29.03.2028, in any case 
not later than until the 
ordinary General Meeting in 
2028 
Donatas Savickas  
Member 
of 
the 
Management Board, Head 
of Finance Division  
29 March 2024  
Daiva Šorienė  
Member 
of 
the 
Management Board, Head 
of Sales and Marketing 
Division  
29 March 2024  
Mindaugas Rudys  
Member 
of 
the 
Management Board, Head 
of Business Development 
Division  
29 March 2024  
Algimantas Gaulia  
Member 
of 
the 
Management Board, Head 
of 
Risk 
Management 
Division  
29 March 2024 
 
Agnė Duksienė 
Member 
of 
the 
Management 
Board 
responsible 
for 
AML/CFT 
compliance, 
Chief Compliance Officer 
Head 
of 
Legal, 
Compliance & Prevention 
Division 
 29 March 2024 
Laura Križinauskienė 
Member 
of 
the 
Management 
Board, 
Head of Private Clients 
Division 
Upon permission of 
the ECB is received  
Tomas Varenbergas 
Member 
of 
the 
Management 
Board, 
Head 
of 
Investment 
Management Division 
Upon permission of 
the ECB is received

--- Page 86 ---
- 78 -
 
Source: the Issuer  
According to the Law on Companies of the Republic of Lithuania and the Articles of Association of the 
Issuer, the tenure of the Management Board is 4 years and may not last longer than until the ordinary 
General Meeting convened in the last year of the tenure of the Management Board. There is no limitation 
on the number of terms of office a member of the Management Board may serve. The Management Board 
elects its chairperson from among its members. The chairperson manages work of the Management Board, 
convenes its meetings and performs other functions, provided for in the work regulation of the Management 
Board.  
At voting each member of the Management Board has one vote. If number of the voices “for” is equal with 
“against”, the chairperson’s vote is decisive. If there is no chairperson or he/she does not participate in the 
resolution adoption and there are equal votes, the resolution is deemed non-adopted. 
Vytautas Sinius (born in 1976). Education – in 2002 graduated from the Vilnius University, where he 
gained a Bachelor’s in Economics. In 2009 he also graduated from the Vytautas Magnus University, where 
he gained a Master’s in Management and Business Administration. From 2006 till 2010 he was the 
Executive Vice President, Head of Retail Banking of SEB bankas AB. Since 2014 till 18 August 2022 he 
was a Deputy Chairman of the Board (he serves in the Management Board since 2011). Since 2014 he is a 
Chief Executive Officer and from 19 August 2022 also a Chairman of the Management Board of the Issuer 
(he was re-elected as a Chairman of the Management Board for a new term of office on 29 March 2024).  
Donatas Savickas (born in 1969). Education – in 1993 graduated from the Vilnius University, where he 
gained an economist-analyst qualification. In 2009 he also graduated from the Vytautas Magnus University, 
where he gained a Master’s in Management and Business Administration. Since 1995 he is a Deputy 
Chairman of the Board. He also is a Deputy Chief Executive Officer (since 2005) and Head of the Finance 
Division of the Issuer.  
Daiva Šorienė (born in 1966). Education – in 1989 graduated from the Vilnius University, where she 
gained a Master’s in Economics. In 2007 she also graduated from the BMI, where she gained Executive 
Master of Business Administration and in 2007 from the Vytautas Magnus University, where she gained 
a Master’s in Business Management. From 1998 she occupies many positions at the Issuer (Deputy 
Chairman of the Board, Head of Business and Retail Banking, Head of Šiauliai region, Head of Business 
Development division, Head of Sales and Marketing Division). She is also a Deputy Chief Executive 
Officer (since 2014) and the Head of the Corporate Clients Division of the Issuer.  
Mindaugas Rudys (born in 1982). Education – in 2007 graduated from the Vilnius University, where he 
gained a Bachelor’s in International Economics. In 2014 he also graduated from Mykolas Romeris 
University, where he gained Master’s in Economics and in 2015 from Baltic Management Institute, he 
gained Executive Master’s in Business Administration. He is a member of the Board since 2020 and the 
Head of Business Development Division of the Issuer since 2018.  
Algimantas Gaulia (born in 1980). Education – in 2002 graduated from the Kaunas University of 
Technology, where he gained a Bachelor’s in Economics also in 2004, he gained Master’s in Economics 
(graduated with honours). From 2013 till 2015 he was Deputy Head of Accounting and Reporting division, 
from 2015 till 2021 – Director of Risk Management and Reporting department. He serves as a member of 
the Management Board and Head of Risk Management division of the Issuer since 2021.  
Agnė Duksienė (born in 1985). Education – in 2007 graduated from the Mykolas Romeris University, 
where she gained a Bachelor’s in Law and Management degree. In 2011 she also graduated from Vilnius 
University, where she gained Master’s in Commercial law degree and in 2022 from International 
Compliance Association (together with the University of Manchester, Alliance Manchester Business 
School), she gained International diploma in Anti Money laundering. She serves as a member of the 
Management Board since 2023, with a legal responsibility of being a member of the management body 
responsible for implementation of the AML/CFT obligations. She is also a Head of Legal, Compliance and 
Prevention Division since 2022. 
Laura Križinauskienė (born in 1981). Education – in 2004 -2006 graduated from the Vilnius Gediminas 
Technical University, were she gained a Bachelor’s and Master’s in Management and Business 
Administration. Prior to joining the Bank, Laura Križinauskienė worked in the financial sector as a 
Managing Director, Member of the Management Board, Member of the Supervisory Council, and other

--- Page 87 ---
- 79 -
 
positions. Laura Križinauskienė has been working at the Bank since 1 December 2023, following the 
implementation of the transaction between the Bank and Invalda INVL, and is currently the Head of Private 
Client Division.  
Laura Križinauskienė was elected to the Issuer’s Management Board as a member on 29 March 2024. The 
elected member to the Management Board of the Issuer will take office only after the permission of the 
ECB is received. 
Tomas Varenbergas (born in 1985). Education – in 2008 graduated from the Vilnius Gediminas Technical 
University, were he gained a Bachelor’s in Management and Business Administration also in 2010, he 
gained Master’s in International Business Management. From 2015 till 2023 Tomas Varenbergas was a 
Director of Markets and Treasury Department. He is also a Head of Investments Management division of 
the Issuer since 2023. 
Tomas Varenbergas was elected to the Issuer’s Management Board as a member on 29 March 2024. The 
elected member to the Management Board of the Issuer will take office only after the permission of the 
ECB is received. 
Other decision-making bodies of the Issuer  
The Issuer is committed to ensuring maximum alignment of internal processes and routines to provide 
qualitative day to day support to local and group-wide functions across its organisation.  
To ensure and support such commitment, specialised committees of the Supervisory Council and the 
Management Board support the management bodies of the Issuer in specific areas. Such committees have 
been established in all cases when the Issuer is obliged by applicable regulatory enactments to establish the 
respective committees. The management bodies of the Issuer also establish committees when doing so 
increases efficiency and facilitates a deeper focus in specific areas- or is otherwise necessary or desirable 
to help the management bodies carry out their responsibilities effectively. Each committee has a 
documented mandate, including the scope of its responsibilities, defined by the legal acts of the Republic 
of Lithuania, legal acts of the BoL as well as regulations of certain committees approved by the 
Management Board or Supervisory Council of the Issuer. Establishment of committees does not release the 
management bodies of the Issuer from collectively fulfilling their respective duties and responsibilities in 
any way.  
An overview of the committees established by the Management Board and Supervisory Council is described 
in the Articles of the Association of the Issuer and is also provided in the following figure:

--- Page 88 ---
- 80 -
 
Figure 8. Committees formed in the Issuer   
 
The role and purpose of the committees is described below. 
Committees under authority of the Supervisory Council   
The main purpose of the Committees of the Supervisory Council is to assist the Supervisory Council in 
specific areas and to assist in the development and implementation of a sound internal governance system 
for the Bank. 
The Risk Committee  
The Risk Committee advises the Supervisory Council of the Issuer on the overall current and future risk 
acceptable to the Issuer and strategy and assist in overseeing the implementation of the strategy at the Issuer, 
verifies whether prices of liabilities and assets offered to clients take fully into account the Issuer’s business 
model and risk strategy and also carries out other functions provided for in its regulations.  
The Risk Committee consists of at least four members selected from amongst the members of the 
Supervisory Council. The majority of the members of the Risk Committee shall be composed of and the 
Risk Committee shall be chaired by independent members of the Supervisory Council. Members of the 
Risk Committee must have sufficient experience and knowledge of risk management and control practices, 
and specifically of the risk strategy of the Issuer and of supervising its implementation.  
Members of the Risk Committee are S. G. Buyske (Chairwoman), Valdas Vitkauskas, and Darius Šulnis. 
Meetings of the Risk Committee are held at least four times per year. 
The Audit Committee  
The Audit Committee addresses the matters related to improving the internal control system of the Issuer, 
monitors and discusses the process of preparation of the financial statement, the efficiency of the Issuer’s 
internal control, risk management and internal audit systems, the processes of the audit and internal audit 
performance on regular basis and performs other functions foreseen by the legal acts of the supervisory 
authority and regulations of the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee acts as the Audit Committee of 
the Issuer and all the public-interest entities of the Group. Following the laws and legal acts of the 
supervisory authority the composition, competences and arrangement of activities of the Audit Committee 
are formed and controlled by the Supervisory Council.

--- Page 89 ---
- 81 -
 
The Audit Committee consists of at least three members selected from amongst the Supervisory Council 
members. The majority of the members of the Audit Committee shall be composed of and the Audit 
Committee shall be chaired by independent members of the Supervisory Council. Current members 
of the Audit 
Committee 
are 
Monika 
Nachyła 
(Chairwomen), 
Susan 
Gail Buyske, 
Valdas 
Vitkauskas. Meetings of the Audit Committee are held at least at least three times per year. 
The Nomination Committee  
The Nomination Committee nominates candidates to fill management body vacancies and recommends, for 
the approval of the management bodies of the Issuer or for approval of the General Meeting, evaluates the 
balance of skills, evaluates the target number of the underrepresented gender within the Bank’s bodies, 
knowledge and experience of the management body of the Issuer, submits comments and findings related 
to the matter, assesses the structure, size, composition, operating results of the Issuer’s bodies and carries 
out other functions provided for in its regulations.  
The Nomination Committee consists of at least three members selected from amongst the Supervisory 
Council members. The majority of the members of the Nomination Committee shall be composed of and 
the Nomination Committee shall be chaired by independent members of the Supervisory Council. Current 
members of the Nomination Committee are Supervisory Council members: Valdas Vitkauskas (Chairman), 
Darius Šulnis and Monika Nachyła. Meetings of the Nomination Committee are held at least three times 
per year.   
The Remuneration Committee  
The main responsibilities of the Remuneration Committee are to competently and independently assess 
variable remuneration policies, practices and ensure that the remuneration system takes into account all 
risks, performance, capital and liquidity and is consistent with sound and effective risk management and 
the Issuer’s business strategy, objectives, long-term operational interests of continuing operations, also to 
supervise independent control functions including remuneration to managers in charge risk management 
and compliance, drafts variable remuneration decisions and performs other functions set forth in 
its regulations.  
The Remuneration Committee consists of at least three members selected from amongst the Supervisory 
Council members. The majority of the members of the Remuneration Committee shall be composed of and 
the Remuneration Committee shall be chaired by independent members of the Supervisory Council. Current 
members of the Remuneration Committee are Valdas Vitkauskas (Chairman), Gintaras Kateiva and Tomas 
Okmanas. Meetings of the Remuneration Committee are held at least three times per year.  
Corporate Affairs Committee 
The main responsibilities of the Corporate Affairs Committee are to participate in the development/review 
of the annual objectives of the Bank Group, of the annual objectives of the Bank Group, also participate in 
the preparation/review of the strategy of the Bank Groups and provide comments and proposals to the 
Council and to perform other functions set forth in its regulations. 
The Corporate Affairs Committee consists of at least three members selected from amongst the Supervisory 
Council members. Current members of the Corporate Affairs Committee are Darius Šulnis (Chairman), 
Valdas Vitkauskas, Mindaugas Raila and Tomas Okmanas. Meetings of the Corporate Affairs Committee 
are held at least three times per year.  
 
Committees under authority of the Management Board  
The Loan Committee  
Main function of Loan Committees is approval of credit granting, amendment, review or restructuring 
decisions within its powers and limits set by internal credit granting procedures with a special view to 
ensuring that the requested loan or proposed amendment is in line with the respective risk appetite limits 
set in Risk Appetite Statement and credit risk management principles and requirements set in internal credit 
risk management procedures.

--- Page 90 ---
- 82 -
 
The Management Board appoints members of the Loan Committee. Ordinary Meetings of the Loan 
Committee are held weekly. 
The Risk Management Committee  
The Risk Management Committee performs functions related to the organization, coordination and control 
of the Issuer’s risk management system, determines and controls risk measurement indicators 
corresponding to the risk appetite acceptable to the Issuer, monitors and assesses specific types of risk, 
mitigation actions and makes decisions in accordance with the Issuer's approved risk management policy 
and risk tolerance / appetite, as well as performs other functions provided for in its regulations.   
The Management Board appoints the members of the Risk Management Committee. The committee 
meets at least once a month.   
The Non-Performing exposure (NPE) Committee 
The NPE Committee’s main purpose is to address issues related to NPE restructuring, additional funding, 
recovery, etc., to ensure the proper implementation of the NPE strategy, to actively reduce the Bank’s NPE 
portfolio, and to carry out other functions set out in its regulations. 
The Management Board appoints members of the NPE Committee. Ordinary Meetings of the NPE 
Committee are held weekly.  
Asset and Liability Management Committee 
The Asset and Liability Management Committee’s main purpose is to ensure sustainable management of 
the Bank's assets, liabilities, and capital, implementing the Bank's strategic business plan. 
The Management Board appoints the members of the Asset and Liability Management Committee. The 
committee meets at least once a month.    
 
Supervision of the Issuer 
Since 1 January 2020 the Issuer is considered significant for the purpose of relevant regulatory 
enactments and, therefore, it is under the direct supervision of the ECB, acting within the Single 
Supervisory Mechanism. Ongoing supervision of the Issuer being carried out by a dedicated Joint 
Supervisory Team comprising staff of the ECB and the BoL. The Issuer is subject to Supervisory Review 
and Evaluation Process (SREP) assessment that is conducted annually as well as other supervisory 
examination activities and exercises according to the program. In addition, certain Subsidiaries of the 
Issuer, namely, UAB "SB lizingas", SB draudimas and UAB “SB Asset Management”, are under the 
supervision of the BoL as well. 
 
Trend Information 
There has been neither material adverse change in the prospects, financial performance of the Group nor 
material changes to the Group’s borrowing and funding structure since 31 December 2023. The 
Management is not aware of any trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events that are reasonably 
likely to have a material effect on the Company’s prospects at least for the current financial year, save for 
the ongoing uncertainty related to the war in Ukraine. The factors that may have a negative impact on the 
results and operations of the Issuer and the Group are further described in Section “Risk Factors” above. 
 
Legal Proceedings and Investigations  
Within the framework of the normal business operations, the Issuer faces claims in civil lawsuits and 
disputes, most of which involve relatively limited amounts. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, none of 
the current disputes may have, or have had a significant adverse effect on the Issuer or its financial position.

--- Page 91 ---
- 83 -
 
 
Anti-Money Laundering, Combating the Financing of Terrorism Activities and Sanctions 
Implementation Activities  
The Issuer has a continuous focus on AML, CFT as well as international sanctions and restrictive measures 
(“Sanctions”). Existing AML and CFT measures are being reviewed and new ones developed in regards to 
relevant national, EU and international legislation , national and EU supranational risk assessments, best 
banking and business practices, international guidelines and recommendations developed by international 
anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing working groups. 
The Issuer conducts Enterprise-Wide AML/CFT and Sanctions Risk Assessments, taking into account 
customer risk, country or geographic region risk, product or service risk and product or service channel 
risk. The assessment is conducted at least annually. If it is determined that existing measures are insufficient 
to manage the risks, a risk management/mitigation plan is being developed and presented to the 
Management Board and the Risk Management Committee, together with the assessment results. 
To ensure compliance, the Issuer, employing a three lines of defence model, has developed and 
implemented a comprehensive set of measures to identify, manage and control its risks. The risks are being 
addressed by ensuring that internal control functions  are designed properly, applying a risk-based approach, 
and implemented to effectively mitigate inherent risks, and by engaging in a proactive dialogue with 
correspondent banks to match their risk appetite and systematic co-operation with the supervisory as well 
as law enforcement authorities. Among other controls, the Issuer organises and delivers different types of 
AML, CFT and Sanctions training for its employees in different positions.   
To mitigate related risks of not detecting sanctioned persons, organisations and entities, the Issuer focuses 
on compliance with applicable Sanctions laws and guidelines, recommendations and standards issued by 
local regulatory and supervisory authorities and relevant international organisations, as well as those issued 
by Lithuanian Banking Association.   
The Issuer revaluates its customer base for AML/CFT risk level with regard to each customer on an ongoing 
basis. In accordance with the AML/CFT risk level assigned to them, customer data is periodically updated 
and revaluated. Customer specific risk is continuously updated to reflect the change in customer risk profile. 
In addition, the internal customer risk scoring system is being evaluated on a regular basis by the internal 
compliance function. 
The Issuer monitors transactions according to predefined scenarios and thresholds that are based on 
legislative requirements, international standards, industry guidance and internal assessment of risks posed 
by customers, products, services, channels and geographies, including frequency and volumes of 
transactions, as well as external and emerging threats. The scenarios and thresholds are reviewed at least 
annually. In addition, staff are able to raise any concerns or suspicions through an internal reporting process. 
Any identified suspicious transactions and activity is reported to the national FIU, Financial Crime 
Investigation Service, as required by national law.

--- Page 92 ---
- 84 -
 
MARKET ENVIRONMENT 
The information presented in this section has been extracted from publicly available sources and 
documents. The source of external information is always given if such information is used in this section. 
While reviewing, searching for and processing macroeconomic, market, industry or other data from 
external sources such as the European Commission or government publications none of it has been 
independently verified by the Issuer, the Arranger (the Dealer) or any of their affiliates or the Issuer's 
advisers in connection with the Programme. 
The Issuer does not intend to and does not warrant to update the data concerning the market or the industry 
as presented in this section, unless such duties arise out of generally binding regulations. 
Lithuania  
The Lithuanian banking market is considered stable and well-developed. It has a strong regulatory 
framework in line with European Union (EU) standards and operates under the supervision of the Bank of 
Lithuania, the country's central bank. The Lithuanian banking market is dominated by a few major players 
(including Swedish banking groups Swedbank and SEB as well the Luminor Lithuanian branch). These 
banks hold significant market share and provide a wide range of services to both individuals and businesses. 
While a few banks dominate the market, there has been a gradual increase in competition in recent years. 
This has been partly driven by the entry of new market players, the expansion of existing banks, and the 
development of financial technology (fintech) companies offering innovative financial services. Banks in 
Lithuania are increasingly focusing on innovation to enhance customer experience and offer new products 
and services. This includes the development of online and mobile banking platforms, digital payment 
solutions, and other technological advancements to meet evolving customer expectations. 
Despite cyclical macroeconomic challenges and ongoing geopolitical threats, the Lithuanian banking sector 
achieved record profitability in 2023 while maintaining a high level of loan quality and continuing to 
increase liquidity reserves. All banks complied with the safe margins with the capital adequacy and liquidity 
requirements in 2023.  
The challenges of 2023 did not halt lending activity. The banking loan portfolio increased by EUR 1.6 
billion (6%) over the year to EUR 27.5 billion. The slowdown in economic growth and rising interest rates 
worsened the quality of the loan portfolio only marginally; the level of non-performing loans still remains 
lower than the eurozone average. 
Deposits continued to grow in 2023, albeit at a slower pace than in 2022. The outstanding amount of deposits 
in banks increased by 9.4% to EUR 50.8 billion last year (excluding the influence of the Revolut group - by 
4.4% to EUR 39.9 billion).  With rising interest rates, deposits were rapidly shifted to term deposits. 
Following the European Central Bank's decisions to raise interest rates, the sector’s net interest income last 
year exceeded EUR 2 billion - 2.5 times more than in 2022. In response to exceptional circumstances, a 
temporary windfall tax was introduced at the beginning of 2023. This tax reduced the sector’s profits, 
allocating EUR 250 million to finance the increasing country's military and defence needs. Nonetheless, the 
banking sector’s unaudited profit in 2023 reached a record of EUR 986 million, twice as much as in 2022 
(EUR 491 million). 
 
Economy in which the Issuer and its Subsidiaries operate (Lithuania) 
The turbulent geopolitical landscape and weaker external demand weighed on the performance of 
Lithuania's small open economy last year. Persisting geopolitical uncertainty, weakness in export markets, 
tightened financial conditions, and cost inflation ripples interrupted business growth ambitions and cooled 
down propensity to invest, while stickier than anticipated inflation weakened purchasing power and 
suppressed consumer appetite. Moreover, after years of strong expansion driven by external factors, 
negative base effects also came into play last year. All these factors piled up and sent Lithuania's output 
results into negative territory. The country's GDP shrank by 0.3%, as economic activity was held back by 
sluggish private consumption, weaker private investments, and shrinking exports facing significant base 
effects. 
External environment remained sluggish. After the pandemic-induced fiscal and monetary stimulus, 
companies and households in the developed countries have been facing a radically different economic reality.

--- Page 93 ---
- 85 -
 
Decreasing liquidity, tighter credit conditions, persistent costs pressures, suppressed propensity to invest 
and to consume are not conducive to growth. Consequently, the crucial Lithuanian export markets, 
challenged by the aftermath of the energy crisis in 2022 have gradually been adapting to the environment 
of high interest rates. As a result, it was a challenging chapter for the cornerstone of Lithuania's exports – 
manufacturing. Sharp declines in production volumes were registered across various industries, including 
manufacturing of wood and paper, chemicals, furniture, rubber and plastics, textiles, machinery and 
equipment. These industries were either energy-intensive, strongly affected by the energy crisis, or 
cyclically sensitive, reacting painfully to the rapid contraction in consumption appetite in Western export 
markets. Among the most resilient were many branches of the engineering industry and food industry, which 
proved resistant to business cycles. Despite weaknesses in exports, net exports contributed positively to 
growth, as import volumes fell faster than exports. 
From a sectoral perspective, finance and insurance, ITC services, civil-engineering construction, and some 
higher value business services contributed to the resilience of the economy. Meanwhile, manufacturing, 
HoReCa and other domestically oriented service activities, as well as market driven construction subsectors 
and real estate operations faced cyclical pressures and slipped into negative territory. 
While geopolitical threats, high interest rates and other cyclical macroeconomic factors deterred companies 
from investments, public investment processes gained momentum. The development of engineering 
structures mostly financed by EU structural support – such as investments in roads, viaducts, other 
engineering structures, and energy infrastructure – accelerated and acted countercyclically, somewhat 
alleviating losses in other economic activities. 
Despite relatively optimistic consumer expectations, households' consumption appetite was still hampered 
by the looming inflation last year. However, non-economic energy inflation gradually dissipated, and in the 
second half of the year, nominal wage growth already outpaced the annual growth of consumer prices. Over 
time, these trends will become more pronounced and allow consumers to regain lost purchasing power and 
consumption appetite. The consumption growth pillar is also expected to strengthen due to the projected 
decrease in interest rates in the second half of 2024. On the negative side, persistent growth in earnings, 
fuelled by sharp increases in minimum and public wages, will continue to exacerbate excessive inflation of 
services.  
The labour market has been only marginally affected by the weaker economic development. It had to absorb 
significant inflows of refugees from the Belarus and Ukraine in recent years. Nevertheless, even in the face 
of such atypical challenges, the unemployment rate remained at healthy levels, and immigrant flows even 
helped bridge some long-term structural imbalances. As a result, the number of the employed in 2023Q3 
reached 1.472 million – the highest reading since 2007, before the Great Recession and the subsequent wave 
of emigration it had triggered. The average unemployment rate stood at 6.8%, which was only slightly 
higher than before the pandemic (it stood at 6.3% in 2019). Strong labour market indicators reflect that 
companies maintain their capacities and are striving to be prepared flexibly to respond to the awaited 
recovery of export markets. 
Despite cyclical and geopolitical challenges still tilting the balance of risks to growth to the downside, 
Lithuania's economy demonstrates resilience and is relatively well-prepared to catch the first waves of the 
recovering external demand. Given the dominating “soft landing” scenario for Developed Markets, 
Lithuania‘s economy is anticipated to rebound as well. Real GDP is expected to increase by 1.7% in 2024 
and gather pace up to 2.9% in 2025, as borrowing costs subside and investment as well as private 
consumption drive growth. Low levels of public and private debt, along with substantial financial reserves, 
leave enough room to act countercyclically. While persisting geopolitical uncertainty, higher interest rates 
and other cyclical macroeconomic factors will continue suppressing private propensity to invest, public 
investment – especially EU-funded – is projected to remain high, particularly in national defense and 
energy-related construction projects. Moreover, economic recovery will benefit from a pick-up in private 
consumption, aided by easing inflation and improved purchasing power of households. Inflationary 
pressures are set to fade further, with HICP annual inflation slipping sharply below 3% in the short-term 
forecast horizon. Meanwhile, the labour market is expected to remain resilient, with the unemployment rate 
staying within a sound corridor of 6.3-6.6% in 2024-2026 and the growth of earnings inching slightly down 
from 7.6% in 2024 to 5% in 2025-2026. 
Sources: Eurostat, State Data Agency, Economic Development Scenario for 2023–2026 (December 2023) 
by the Ministry of Finance of the Republic of Lithuania.

--- Page 94 ---
- 86 -
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does not purport 
to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in those countries or 
elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' 
tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, 
principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws 
of those countries. This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus. It 
does not take into account any developments or amendments thereof after that date, whether or not such 
developments or amendments have retroactive effect. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall 
Lithuanian, Latvian or Estonian tax consequences of the ownership of the Notes. 
 
THE REPUBLIC OF LITHUANIA  
The information contained within this section is limited to Lithuanian withholding and income tax issues 
and prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall 
Lithuanian tax consequences of the ownership and disposition of Notes. 
A “resident individual” means an individual whose permanent place of residence is in the Republic of 
Lithuania, or whose personal, social or economic interests are located in the Republic of Lithuania or who 
is present in the Republic of Lithuania for more than 183 days in the relevant tax period or more than 280 
days in two consecutive tax periods and at least 90 days in one of these tax periods, and a “resident entity” 
means an entity which is legally established in the Republic of Lithuania, and a “non-resident individual” 
means an individual whose permanent place of residence is outside the Republic of Lithuania, whose 
personal, social or economic interests are located outside the Republic of Lithuania and who is present in 
the Republic of Lithuania for less than 183 days in the relevant tax period and less than 280 days in two 
consecutive tax periods or who is present in the Republic of Lithuania for more than 280 days in two 
consecutive tax periods, but less than 90 days in one of these tax periods, and a “non-resident entity” 
means an entity which is legally established or otherwise organised outside the Republic of Lithuania.  
Taxation of interest income and capital gains earned by non-resident entities acting through a permanent 
establishment in the Republic of Lithuania is the same as that of resident entities defined above, therefore, 
it is not separately outlined in the further sections of this Base Prospectus. For relevant details on the 
taxation of Lithuanian permanent establishments as Noteholders, please refer to the taxation of resident 
entities. Taxation of non-resident individuals acting through a fixed base in the Republic of Lithuania is the 
same as that of resident individuals defined above, if such non-resident individual earns interest income 
performing activity through a fixed base in the Republic of Lithuania. 
Withholding Tax, Income Tax 
Taxation of interest 
Payments to individuals 
Payments in respect of interest on the Notes (including, to the extent applicable, the positive difference 
between the redemption price and the issue price of the Notes) to a resident or non-resident individual will 
be subject to personal income tax at progressive tax rates of (i) 15%, in respect of income (excluding income 
from employment, self-employment, dividends, remuneration of board members and certain other types of 
income) received by an individual during a calendar year does not exceed the sum of 120 Lithuanian gross 
average salaries, which shall be determined on the basis of the gross average monthly salary set forth in the 
in the Law on Approval of the State Social Funds Budgets Indicators for the relevant year (in 2024, the 
threshold amount would be EUR 228,324) and (ii) 20%, which shall be applied to any income (excluding 
income from employment, self-employment, dividends, remuneration of board members and certain other 
types of income) received by an individual during the calendar year, exceeding the aforementioned 
threshold. When calculating the threshold for the non-resident individuals, the following Lithuanian-
sourced income is taken into account: interest, royalties, income from sports and entertainment activities, 
capital gains and income from the rent from real estate located in the Republic of Lithuania and capital 
gains from movable property registrable in the Republic of Lithuania.  
Part of the total amount of interest (including interest on the Notes) received during the calendar year up to

--- Page 95 ---
- 87 -
 
the amount of EUR 500 will be exempt from personal income tax. The tax exemption will not apply to the 
interest received from entities established in a tax haven or from individuals whose permanent place of 
residence is in a tax haven. Personal income tax on the interest is to be paid by the resident individual 
himself/herself.  
When interest is earned by a non-resident individual, the Issuer, as a Lithuanian interest-paying entity, will 
withhold 15% personal income tax and if it turns out at the end of the year that a part of the amount was 
subject to 20% rate, the non-resident individual is to pay the difference himself/herself.  
Separate double taxation treaties with the Republic of Lithuania can provide for a lower tax rate for non-
resident individuals. 
Payments to entities  
Payments in respect of interest on the Notes (including, to the extent applicable, the positive difference 
between the redemption price and the issue price of the Notes): 
(i) to a resident entity will be included into calculation of its taxable profit. Taxable profit will be 
subject to 15% corporate income tax (5% for small-sized entities or an incentive rate applicable to 
the Noteholder). Banks and credit unions, including central credit unions and branches of foreign 
banks in the Republic of Lithuania, shall pay an additional 5% corporate income tax on taxable 
profits (subject to special calculation rules) exceeding EUR 2 million. Banks and central credit 
unions’ financial groups established and operating in the Republic of Lithuania, including 
branches of foreign banks in the Republic of Lithuania, for the period from 16 May 2023 until 
2024 shall pay an additional 60% temporary solidarity contribution on the net interest income 
(subject to special calculation rules) exceeding by 50% the average amount of net interest income 
during the four regular  financial years preceding the last financial year (conditions apply). 
(ii) to a non-resident entity, which is registered or otherwise organised in a state of the European 
Economic Area or in a state with which the Republic of Lithuania has concluded and brought into 
effect a double tax treaty, will not be subject to withholding tax in the Republic of Lithuania.  
(iii) to a non-resident entity other than those listed above will be subject to 10% withholding tax. 
If the Issuer as an interest-paying person is unable to identify the Noteholder and determine such 
Noteholder’s eligibility for a lower tax rate or exemption from withholding tax, payments of interest in 
respect of the Notes (including, to the extent applicable, the positive difference between the redemption 
price and the issue price of the Notes) to any such Noteholder will be subject to 15% personal income tax 
to be withheld and paid to the budget of the Republic of Lithuania by the Issuer. 
 
Taxation on Disposition of Notes 
Payments to individuals  
Capital gains (i.e. the difference between the sale price and acquisition costs) on disposal of the Notes 
received by a resident individual will be subject to progressive tax rates of (i) 15%, respect of income 
(excluding income from employment, self-employment, dividends, remuneration of board members and 
certain other types of income) received by a resident individual during the calendar year does not exceed 
the sum of 120 Lithuanian gross average salaries, which shall be determined on the basis of the gross 
average monthly salary set forth in the in the Law on Approval of the State Social Funds Budgets Indicators 
for the relevant year (in 2024, the threshold amounts to EUR 228,324) and (ii) 20%, which shall be applied 
to any income (excluding income from employment, self-employment, dividends, remuneration of board 
members and certain other types of income) received by a resident individual during the calendar year, 
exceeding the aforementioned threshold. Part of the capital gains received from the sale of securities 
(including the Notes) during the calendar year up to the amount of EUR 500 will be exempt from personal 
income tax. The tax exemption will not apply if the sale proceeds are received from entities established in 
a tax haven or from individuals whose permanent place of residence is in a tax haven. 
The disposition of Notes by non-resident individuals will not be subject to any Lithuanian income or capital 
gains tax. 
Payments to entities 
Capital gains (i.e. the difference between the sale price and acquisition costs) on disposal of the Notes 
received by a resident entity will be included into calculation of its taxable profit. Taxable profit will be

--- Page 96 ---
- 88 -
 
subject to 15% corporate income tax (5% for small-sized entities or an incentive rate applicable to the 
Noteholder). Banks and credit unions, including central credit unions and branches of foreign banks in the 
Republic of Lithuania shall pay additional 5% corporate income tax on taxable profits (subject to special 
calculation rules) exceeding EUR 2 million. 
The disposition of Notes by a non-resident entity will not be subject to any Lithuanian income or capital 
gains tax. 
Registration and Stamp Duty 
Transfers of Notes will not be subject to any registration or stamp duty in the Republic of Lithuania.  
 
THE REPUBLIC OF LATVIA 
Taxation of the Noteholders individuals  
Resident Individuals  
An individual will be considered as a resident of Latvia for taxation purposes:  
• if the individual’s declared place of residence is in the Republic of Latvia; or 
• if the individual stays in the Republic of Latvia 183 days or more within any 12-month period, starting 
or ending in the taxation year; or  
• if the individual is a citizen of the Republic of Latvia employed abroad by the government of the 
Republic of Latvia.  
In accordance with the Law on Personal Income Tax (in Latvian – likums “Par iedzīvotāju ienākuma 
nodokli”) the interest income from the Notes for resident individuals will be subject to 20%. The tax shall 
be deducted before the payment and withheld if the payer is a Latvian legal entity otherwise the payment 
is made by the individual him/herself. The income from the alienation of the Notes (gain - calculated as a 
positive difference between the sale price and acquisition costs) will be subject to 20% tax, but the tax 
would be payable by the individual him/herself. Special rules apply if the transactions with the Notes are 
made through an investment account within the meaning of the Law on Personal Income Tax (in Latvian – 
likums “Par iedzīvotāju ienākuma nodokli”). In such case taxation of income (including interest income) 
is deferred until the moment when the amount withdrawn from the investment account exceeds the 
contributed amount, and any such tax would be payable by the individual him/herself. 
Non-resident individuals  
In accordance with the Law on Personal Income Tax (in Latvian – Likums “Par iedzīvotāju ienākuma 
nodokli”) the interest income from the Notes being circulated publicly as well as income from the alienation 
of the publicly circulated Notes will not be subject to tax in Latvia.  
Taxation of the Noteholders entities  
Resident entities  
An entity will be considered as a resident of Latvia for tax purposes if it is or should have been established 
and registered in the Republic of Latvia in accordance with the legislative acts of the Republic of Latvia. 
This also include permanent establishments of foreign entities in Latvia.  
Interest payments on the Notes and proceeds from the disposal of the Notes received by Latvian resident 
companies will not be subject to withholding tax in Latvia. Under the Corporate Income Tax Law (in 
Latvian – Uzņēmumu ienākuma nodokļa likums) retained earnings are exempt from corporate income tax 
and only distributions are taxed. Corporate income tax rate on gross profit distribution is 20% Corporate 
income tax on net amount of profit distribution is determined by dividing net amount with a coefficient of 
0.8 (i.e., effective tax rate on net distributed profit is 25%).

--- Page 97 ---
- 89 -
 
Non-resident entities  
In accordance with the Corporate Income Tax Law (in Latvian – Uzņēmumu ienākuma nodokļa likums) the 
interest income and income from the alienation of the Notes for non-resident entities will not be taxable in 
Latvia.  
Taxation of low-tax non-residents  
In general, payments (including interest payments) to non-residents located, registered or incorporated in a 
no-tax or low-tax country or territory as defined in the Regulations of the Cabinet of Ministers No. 333 
“Regulations on NoTax or Low-Tax Countries and Territories”, adopted on 27 June 2023; effective as of 
1 July 2023 (“LowTax Non-Latvian Residents”) are subject to withholding tax of 20 per-cent if the payer 
is a Latvian legal entity or 23 per-cent if the payer is a Latvian individual resident having obligation to 
withhold tax. However, pursuant to Article 5(6) of the Corporate Income Tax Law (in Latvian – Uzņēmumu 
ienākuma nodokļa likums) payments by Latvian legal entities to Low-Tax Non-Latvian Residents for 
securities publicly circulated in the EU or EEA are exempt from withholding tax if made at the market 
price. The State Revenue Service of the Republic of Latvia in a legally non-binding explanation to the 
Issuer has confirmed that pursuant to Article 5(6) of the of the Corporate Income Tax Law (in Latvian – 
Uzņēmumu ienākuma nodokļa likums) there is no withholding tax also on the interest payments made by 
the Issuer to the holders of the notes publicly circulated in the EU or EEA who are Low-Tax Non-Latvian 
Residents, provided that the payments are made at the market price. 
 
THE REPUBLIC OF ESTONIA 
An individual will be considered as a resident of Estonia for taxation purposes:  
 
if the individual’s place of residence is in Estonia, or  
 
if the individual stays in Estonia for at least 183 days over the course of a period of 12 consecutive 
calendar months.  
A person shall be deemed to be a resident as of the date of his or her arrival in Estonia. 
A legal person, excluding a trust fund, is a resident if it is established pursuant to Estonian law. European 
public limited companies (SE) and European associations (SCE) whose registered office is registered in 
Estonia are also Estonian residents. 
A non-resident is a natural or legal person not specified above. 
Capital Gains from Sale or Exchange of Notes 
Gains realised by an Estonian resident individual upon the sale or exchange of securities (including the 
Notes) are subject to income tax at the rate of 20% (the tax rate changes to 22% from January 1, 2025). 
Since all earnings of resident legal persons, including capital gains, are taxed only upon distribution (in 
Estonia corporate income tax is charged only on the distributed profit with the reinvested profits remaining 
untaxed until distribution), capital gains accruing to resident legal persons are not subject to immediate 
taxation. As a rule, capital gains received by non-residents from the sale or exchange of securities are not 
taxed in Estonia (except for certain securities related to the Estonian real estate). Non-resident Noteholders 
receiving capital gains from the sale or exchange of the Notes may be subject to declaring and paying 
income tax in their respective countries of residence. For the purposes of capital gains taxation, the gain 
derived from the sale of securities (including the Notes) is the difference between the acquisition cost and 
the sales price of such securities. The gain derived from the exchange of securities is the difference between 
the acquisition cost of securities subject to exchange and the market price of the property received as a 
result of the exchange. The expenses directly related to the sale or exchange of Notes may be deducted 
from the gains but are generally rather limited.  
Taxation of Interest.  
Estonian resident individuals are subject to paying income tax (20%, the tax rate changes to 22% from 
January 1, 2025) on the interest received from loans, securities (including the Notes) and other debt

--- Page 98 ---
- 90 -
 
obligations. Therefore, interest (coupon payments) received by Estonian resident individuals from the Notes 
is subject to income tax in Estonia. Such income tax is subject to withholding by the Company unless the 
resident individual notifies the Company that Notes were acquired from funds held in the Investment 
Account. Since all earnings of resident legal persons are taxed only upon distribution (as described above), 
interest received by Estonian resident legal persons is not subject to immediate taxation. As a rule, interest 
payments received by non-residents are exempt in Estonia (i.e. no withholdings are made). Note, however, 
that non-resident Noteholders receiving interest from the Notes may be subject to declaring and paying 
income tax in their respective countries of residence. 
Investment Account.  
Estonian resident individuals may postpone the taxation of their investment income by using an investment 
account (in Estonian: investeerimiskonto) for the purposes of making transactions with certain financial 
assets (including the Notes). An investment account is a monetary account opened with a European 
Economic Area or the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) member state 
credit institution, through which the transactions with the financial assets, taxation of income from which 
(e.g. capital gains, etc.) a person wants to postpone, shall be made. The moment of taxation of the financial 
income held on an investment account is postponed until such income is withdrawn from the investment 
account (i.e. the amount withdrawn from the account exceeds the amount which had been previously paid 
in to the account). Therefore, financial income held at the investment account may be reinvested tax-free 
until it is withdrawn from the account. 
Pension Investment Account.  
Estonian resident individuals who have decided to grow their Estonian mandatory funded pension (II Pillar) 
via pension investment account (PIA, in Estonian: pensioni investeerimiskonto), can also acquire the Notes 
through PIA. Pension investment account is a separate bank account opened with an Estonian credit 
institution, which, on the one hand, is part of the mandatory funded pension system (incl. relevant benefits, 
such as additional contributions from the state), but on the other hand allows the person to make their own 
investment decisions. Like the ordinary investment account, PIA allows making of transactions with 
financial assets, whereas taxation of income from such assets (e.g., capital gain or interest from the Notes) 
is deferred until income is withdrawn from PIA. Monetary means withdrawn from PIA are, generally, taxed 
at a 20% income tax rate (the tax rate changes to 22% from January 1, 2025), unless withdrawn after 
reaching the retirement age, in which case a 10% income tax rate or a tax exemption (depending on the 
method of payment) applies. 
 
FATCA  
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign 
passthrough payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related 
requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions 
(including Lithuania) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with 
the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it 
makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the 
Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect 
to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on 
which final regulations defining foreign passthrough payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register 
and Notes that are characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a 
defined term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the 
date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthrough payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal 
Register generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially 
modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the Issuer). However, if additional notes 
(as described under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from 
previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to

--- Page 99 ---
- 91 -
 
withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior 
to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should 
consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the 
event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the 
Notes, the Issuer or any other person will not be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the 
withholding.

--- Page 100 ---
- 92 -
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
By subscribing the Subordinated Notes, each Investor confirms having read this Base Prospectus, 
including Terms and Conditions, Final Terms and documents which are incorporated by reference to 
this Base Prospectus and form an integral part hereof (please see Section Information incorporated by 
reference), having accepted the terms and conditions set out in the Base Prospectus and having made 
the subscription according to the terms herein.  
General structure of the Offering 
The Offering shall be structured in the following order:  
(i) 
The subscription of the Notes will be organized through Nasdaq Vilnius as an Auction and Auction 
Rules will be applied, thus the Subscription Orders shall be submitted by the Investors through the 
Exchange Members and Nasdaq Auction Rules; 
(ii) 
the Issue Price shall be paid by the investors according to the order described further in this Base 
Prospectus and the Final Terms; 
(iii) 
based on the decision of the Issuer the Notes shall be allocated to the Investors;  
(iv) 
the Notes shall be registered with Nasdaq CSD and distributed to the Investors. 
 
Cancellation of the Offering 
The Issuer, at its own discretion, may cancel the primary distribution of the Notes at any time prior to the 
relevant Issue Date without disclosing any reason for doing so. In such event, Subscription Orders for the 
Notes that have been made will be disregarded, and any payments made in respect of the submitted 
Subscription Orders will be returned without interest or any other compensation to the Investors.  
Subscription procedure; invalidity of the Subscription Orders 
In order to subscribe for the Notes, the Investor must have a Securities Account with the Exchange Member 
and fill in a Subscription Order form provided by the Exchange Member during the Offering Period only 
in order for the Exchange Member to enter a buy order in Nasdaq’s Vilnius trading system. The list of 
Exchange Members is available on the website https://nasdaqbaltic.com/statistics/en/members. The 
Subscription Orders shall be submitted by means accepted and used by the Exchange Members (e.g. 
physically, via the internet banking system or by any other available means). The Investor may submit 
multiple subscriptions which shall be merged for the purposes of allocation. The Offering Period will be 
indicated in the Final Terms. 
By submitting a Subscription Order to the Exchange Member, every Investor (besides other 
acknowledgments and undertakings provided in the Base Prospectus): 
(i) 
authorizes and instructs the Exchange Member through which the Subscription Order is submitted 
to arrange the settlement of the subscription on its/his/her behalf (taking such steps as are legally 
required to do so) and to forward the necessary information to the extent necessary for the 
completion of the subscription;  
(ii) 
shall ensure that when submitting a Subscription Oder there are sufficient funds on the cash account 
connected to its/his/her Securities Account to cover the amount subscribed (i.e. the Issue Price 
multiplied by the amount of the Notes subscribed);  
(iii) 
authorizes and instructs the Exchange Member through which the Subscription Order is submitted 
to block the whole Subscription amount on the investor’s cash account connected to its/his/her 
Securities Account until the allotment of Notes pursuant to this Document and Auction Rules, and 
registration with the Register is completed on the Issue Date; 
(iv) 
authorizes the Exchange Member, Issuer and Nasdaq Vilnius to process, forward and exchange 
its/his/her personal data and information in the Subscription Order in order to participate in the 
Offering, to accept or reject the Subscription Order and comply with the Document and fulfil the 
Issuer’s obligations under the Base Prospectus; 
(v) 
acknowledges that the Offering does not constitute an offer (in Lithuanian: oferta) of the Notes by 
the Issuer in legal terms, and that the submission of a Subscription Order does not constitute the 
acceptance of an offer, and therefore does not in itself entitle the investor to acquire the Notes, nor 
results in a contract for the sale of the Notes between the Issuer and the Investor, unless the Notes 
are allotted to the investor pursuant this Base Prospectus and the Notes are registered with the 
Register on the Issue Date;

--- Page 101 ---
- 93 -
 
(vi) 
confirms that it/she/he has got familiarized with this Base Prospectus, Final Terms and Auction 
Rules.  
 
The Subscription Order shall not be considered valid and shall not be processed in the following cases:  
(i) 
the purchase amount indicated in the Subscription Order is less than the Minimum Investment 
Amount (if any indicated in the Final Terms); or  
(ii) 
the Subscription Order was received after the Offering Period; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer and/or the Dealer (if any) rejects the Subscription Order due to any other reasons (e.g. 
oversubscription, violation of legal acts governing anti-money laundering prevention and/or 
sanctions).  
 
The Exchange Members acting in accordance with internal rules and applicable laws shall inform the 
investors on rejection of provided Subscription Orders. 
An investor shall bear all costs and fees charged by the respective account operator or a custodian accepting 
the Subscription Order in connection with the submission, cancellation or amendment of a Subscription 
Order. 
Change and Withdrawal of the Subscription Orders 
The Subscription Order may be amended, cancel or withdrawn and new Subscription Order placed at any 
time until the end of the Offering Period. The Investor wishing to amend, cancel or withdraw placed 
Subscription Order shall submit a written statement on the subscription cancellation to the entity through 
which the Subscription Order has been submitted. This may result in costs and fees charged by the 
intermediary through which the Subscription Order is submitted. 
Payment for the Notes 
By submitting a Subscription Order each Investor authorises and instructs the Exchange Member through 
which the Subscription Order is submitted to immediately block the whole subscription amount on the 
Investor’s cash account connected to its/his/her securities account until the settlement is completed or funds 
are released in accordance with these terms and conditions. 
Allotment of the Notes to the Investors  
 
After expiry of the relevant Offering Period, the Company shall decide which Investors shall be allotted 
with the Notes and to what amount, and which Investors shall not be allotted with the Notes. The Notes 
will be allocated to the investors participating in the Offering in accordance with the following principles: 
(i) the division of Notes between the retail and institutional investors has not been predetermined. The 
Company will determine the exact allocation in its sole discretion; (ii) under the same circumstances, all 
investors shall be treated equally, whereas dependent on the number of investors and interest towards the 
Offering, the Company may set minimum and maximum number of the Notes allocated to one investor; 
(iii) the allocation shall be aimed to create a solid and reliable investor base 
for the Company; (iv) the 
Company shall be entitled to prefer Bank’s existing clients (natural and corporate persons, but excluding financial 
institutions and financial intermediaries and their clients) who have bank account with the Bank on the last date of the 
Offering Period; (v) possible multiple Subscription Orders submitted by an investor shall be merged for 
the purpose of allocation; (vi) Subscription Orders via a nominee accounts (incl. if made on the account 
of pension investment accounts) are treated as Subscription Orders from separate independent investors 
only if the Bank was disclosed with relevant information. Although each investor subscribing via a nominee 
account is considered as an 
independent investor during the allocation process, the nominee account 
holder is responsible for the allocation of the Notes to the investor; and (ix) each investor entitled to receive 
the Notes shall be allocated a whole number of Notes and, if necessary, the number of Notes to be allocated 
shall be rounded down to the closest whole number. Any remaining Notes which cannot be allocated 
using the above-described process will be allocated to investors on a random basis. 
By placing a Subscription Order the Investors shall be considered as have consented to being allotted a 
lower number of Notes than the number specified in such Investor’s Subscription Order, or to not being 
allotted any Notes at all, pursuant to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 102 ---
- 94 -
 
Return of funds to Investors 
If the Offering or a part thereof is cancelled, or if the Investor has not been allotted any Notes, or allotted a 
lower number of Notes than the number specified in such Investor’s Subscription Order, or the Subscription 
Order has been cancelled or rejected, the funds blocked on the Investor’s cash account, or the excess part 
thereof (the amount in excess of payment for the allocated Notes), will be released by the respective 
Exchange Member and pursuant to its agreement with the investor.  
Regardless of the reason for which funds are released, neither the Issuer nor the Lead Manager shall be 
responsible for any relationships between the Investor and Exchange Member in connection with any 
operations happening on the cash account connected to the Investors’ Securities Account. 
Settlement 
The Notes allocated to the Investors will be transferred to their securities accounts on or about the 
Settlement Date provided in the Final Terms through the “delivery versus payment” (DVP) method, 
meaning that the settlement procedure is carried out by Nasdaq CSD and Exchange Members on the Issue 
Date in accordance with the Auction Rules and title to the Notes purchased in the subscription process is 
obtained upon Notes transfer to respective Securities Account which is done simultaneously with making 
the cash payment for the purchased Notes. The title to the Notes will pass to the relevant investors when 
the Notes are recorded to their securities accounts. If an investor has submitted several Subscription 
Undertakings through several securities accounts, the Notes allocated to such investor will be transferred 
to all such securities accounts proportionally to the number of the Notes indicated in the Subscription 
Undertakings submitted for each account, rounded up or down as necessary. 
United States of America 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Neither Issuer nor any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering), except as permitted by the 
Dealer Agreement, will offer, sell or deliver Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) 
otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant 
Tranche, as certified to the Issuer by Dealer within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons, and Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution 
compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and 
sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any 
offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
United Kingdom 
The Issuer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further dealer appointed (if any) will be required 
to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
Issuer; and 
(b) General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United

--- Page 103 ---
- 95 -
 
Kingdom. 
 
The Dealer Agreement  
If Dealer is being appointed, it has represented, warranted and agreed that, to the best of its knowledge and 
belief, it has complied and will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or 
jurisdiction in which it offers, sells or delivers Notes or distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands 
this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealer to comply with 
all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, 
sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related 
offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement (if any) provides that the Dealer shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating 
to any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) 
or change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer 
be applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealer described in the paragraph headed 
"General" above. 
Neither the Issuer nor Dealer represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating any such sale. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification may be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of a supplement or 
modification relevant only to a particular Tranche of Notes) or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 104 ---
- 96 -
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
1. Authorisation  
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by the resolution of the Management Board of 
the Issuer dated 23 April 2023.  
2. Legal and Arbitration Proceedings  
The Group Companies are not involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including 
any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), during a period 
covering at least the previous 12 months which may have or have had in the recent past significant effects 
on the Issuer and/or Group’s financial position or profitability.  
3. Significant/Material Change  
Since 31 December 2023 there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or the 
Issuer and its Subsidiaries nor any significant change in the financial position or performance of the Issuer 
or the Issuer and its Subsidiaries.   
4. Auditors  
KPMG Baltics UAB has audited the consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 
31 December 2023, for the year ended 31 December 2022. No other information presented in this Base 
Prospectus has been audited or reviewed by auditors. All these financial statements are incorporated into 
this Base Prospectus by reference. Audit company issued unqualified auditor’s reports regarding all these 
financial statements.  
KPMG Baltics UAB is member of the Lithuanian Chamber of Auditors. 
5. Documents on Display  
Electronic copies of the following documents (together with English translations thereof, where applicable) 
may be obtained from during normal business hours at the offices of the Issuer at Tilžės str. 149, Šiauliai, 
the Republic of Lithuania, and Šeimyniškių str. 1A, Vilnius, the Republic of Lithuania, or at www.sb.lt for 
12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus:  
(i) 
the Articles of Association of the Issuer;  
(ii) 
this Base Prospectus.  
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus, 
information on the website of the Issuer does not form part of this Base Prospectus.  
6. Material Contracts  
On 21 December 2023 the Issuer has signed an agreement with TEMENOS CLOUD SWITZERLAND SA 
for the implementation and support of a new core banking platform of the Issuer. Temenos is one of the 
most advanced banking platforms, used by around 3,000 leading financial institutions worldwide. The 
cloud-based platform will ensure modular development, flexibility, resilience, and the best customer 
experience. Platform is planned to be deployed in two years.  
There are no other contracts except the above-mentioned (not including contracts entered into in the 
ordinary course of business) that have been entered into by the Issuer that are, or may be, material or contain 
provisions under which the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries has an obligation or entitlement which is, or 
may be, material to the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations in respect of the Notes.  
7. Clearing of the Notes 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Nasdaq CSD. The appropriate common code and the 
International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) in relation to the Notes of each Tranche will be

--- Page 105 ---
- 97 -
 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as 
shall have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate information.  
8. Issue Price and Yield  
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer in consultation with the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue 
in accordance with prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes or the method of 
determining the price and the process for its disclosure will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. In the 
case of different Tranches \ of Notes, the issue price may include accrued interest in respect of the period 
from the interest commencement date of the relevant Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first 
Tranche or, if interest payment dates have already passed, the most recent interest payment date in respect 
of the Series) to the issue date of the relevant Tranche.  
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated as of the relevant 
issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is not an indication of future 
yield.  
9. Representation of Noteholders and the Agreement with the Trustee 
In April 2024 the Issuer has concluded the Agreement on Noteholders’ Protection with UAB „AUDIFINA“, 
a private limited liability company, legal entity code 125921757, with its registered address at A. 
Juozapavičiaus st. 6, LT-09310 Vilnius, the Republic of Lithuania, which undertakes to safeguard the 
interests of the Noteholders in their relations with the Issuer.  
Contact data of the Trustee: e-mail: info@audifina.lt; representative: Jolanta Ruzgienė; Website: 
https://www.audifina.lt/. 
Each Noteholder is entitled to receive a copy of the Agreement on Noteholders’ Protection concluded 
between the Issuer and the Trustee, applying via an e-mail of the Trustee indicated above. 
Main obligations of the Trustee: (i) to take actions in order that the Company would fulfilled its obligations 
towards the Noteholders; (ii) to convene Noteholders’ Meetings; (iii) to publish information regarding the 
Noteholders’ Meetings being convened under procedure of the Law on Protection of Interests of 
Bondholders; (iv) to provide the Noteholders’ Meetings with all relevant documents and information; (v) 
to provide Noteholders’ Meeting, in which the question is being addressed regarding approval of the 
enforcement measures in respect of Issuer’s outstanding commitments to Noteholders, the recommendatory 
opinion, whereby the reasoned opinion to approve or reject the enforcement measures suggested by the 
Issuer is provided; (vi) to execute the decisions of the Noteholders’ Meetings; (vii) no later than within 
5 business days as from the day of receipt of a request of the Noteholder(s) to provide information, to 
gratuitously present all the information about the Issuer, Notes or other information related to the protection 
of their interests; (viii) no later than within 3 business days from the receipt date of the Noteholder’s request 
to provide a copy of the Agreement on Noteholders’ Protection free of charge; (ix) to provide the 
Noteholder(s) with all other information related to the protection of their interests; (x) no later than on the 
next business day to inform the Issuer that the Trustee has lost the right to provide audit services (in this 
particular case), or acquired legal status “in bankruptcy” or “in liquidation”.  
10. Rights Conferred by Notes to be Offered and Admitted to Trading  
The Notes of the Issue under the same Series shall grant the Noteholders equal rights. As from the Maturity 
Date of the Notes, the Noteholders shall have a right to receive from the Company the Nominal Amount 
and the interest accrued and unpaid to dates. If the Company does not redeem the Notes on their maturity, 
all settlements with the Noteholders shall be made through the account of the Trustee.  
The Noteholders shall have the rights provided in Law on Protection of Interests of Bondholders, the civil 
Code, the Law on Companies and other laws regulating the rights of Noteholders, including the following 
rights: (i) to receive the interest accrued; (ii) to receive the Nominal Amount and the interest accrued at the 
Maturity Date; (iii) to sell or transfer otherwise all or part of the Notes; (iv) to bequeath all or part of owned 
Notes to the ownership of other persons (applicable only towards natural persons); (v) to pledge all or part 
of the Notes owned; (vi) to participate and vote in the Noteholders’ Meetings; (vii) to initiate the 
convocation of the Noteholders’ Meetings following the procedure and in cases provided for in the Law on 
Protection of Interests of Noteholders; (viii) to adopt a decision to convene the Noteholders’ Meeting

--- Page 106 ---
- 98 -
 
following the procedure and in cases provided for in the Law on Protection of Interests of Noteholders; (ix) 
to obtain (request) the information about the Issuer, the Notes or other information related to the protection 
of his/her/its interests from the Trustee, except for cases established in the Prospectus when Noteholder has 
a right to request the Issuer to provide his/her/its Subscription Order and Confirmation addressed to 
him/her/it; (x) to receive a copy of the Agreement on Noteholders’ Protection concluded between the Issuer 
and the Trustee from the Trustee; (xi) other rights, established in the applicable laws, the Agreement on 
Noteholders’ Protection or in the constitutional documents of the Issuer.  
No Noteholder shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect 
of the Notes.  
 
11. The Legal Entity Identifier  
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 549300TK038P6EV4YU51.  
12. Issuer Website  
The Issuer’s website is www.sb.lt. Unless specifically incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised 
or approved by the BoL. 
13. Validity of prospectus and prospectus supplements  
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus after the 
end of its 12-month validity period.

--- Page 107 ---
- 99 -
 
GLOSSARY 
Term 
Definition 
AML 
Anti-money laundering.
Articles of Association 
The Articles of Association of the Company effective as at the date of this 
Prospectus. 
Audited Financial 
Statements 
The audited consolidated financial statements of the Company of and for 
the year ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022. 
Bail-in and Loss 
Absorption Powers 
Any loss absorption, write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, 
suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and 
exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements 
in effect in the Republic of Lithuania, relating to (i) the SRM Regulation, 
(ii) the transposition of the BRRD (including but not limited to the Law on 
Financial Sustainability of the Republic of Lithuania (in Lithuanian: 
Lietuvos Respublikos finansinio tvarumo įstatymas) as amended or replaced 
from time to time), and (ii) the instruments, rules and standards created 
thereunder, as applicable, pursuant to which any obligation of the Issuer (or 
any affiliate of the Issuer) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted 
into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or any other 
person (or suspended for a temporary period).
BoL 
The Bank of Lithuania, legal address Totorių str. 4, LT-01121, Vilnius, 
Lithuania; phone: +370 800 50 500; e-mail: info@lb.lt.
BRRD 
Directive 2014/59/EU as the same may be amended or replaced from time 
to time, including without limitation, by the Creditor Hierarchy Directive 
and Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 May 2019 amending the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive as 
regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions 
and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC.
CET1 
Common equity tier 1.
CFT 
Combating the financing of terrorism.
CIT 
Corporate income tax.
Company/Bank/Issuer 
Akcinė bendrovė Šiaulių bankas, a public limited liability company 
incorporated in, and operating under the laws of, the Republic of Lithuania, 
and registered with Register of Legal Entities of Lithuania under the 
registration number: 112025254, legal address: Tilžės g. 149, LT-76348 
Šiauliai, Lithuania.
CRD Directive 
Directive 2013/36/EU, as the same may be amended or replaced from time 
to time, including without limitation as amended by Directive (EU) 
2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019.
CRR 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, as the same may be amended or replaced 
from time to time (including as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of May 20, 2019) or similar 
laws in Lithuania).
Delegated Regulation 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 
supplementing Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council as regards the format, content, scrutiny and approval of the 
prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or 
admitted to trading on a regulated market and repealing Commission 
Regulation (EC) No 809/2004, as supplemented or amended from time to 
time.
ECB 
European Central Bank.
EEA 
European Economic Area.
ESMA 
European Securities and Markets Authority.
EU 
European Union.
EUR 
The official currency of Eurozone countries, including Lithuania, the euro.
Eurozone 
Economic and monetary union (EMU) of the European Union member 
states, which have adopted euro as their single official currency.

--- Page 108 ---
- 100 -
 
Excluded Territories 
Australia, Canada, Hong Kong, Japan, South Africa and any other 
jurisdiction where the distribution of this Prospectus and/or the transfer of 
the Notes would breach applicable law.
Final Terms 
The set of terms and conditions of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
established separately for each Tranche of the Note issue as determined by 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
General Meeting 
General Meeting of shareholders of the Company, the highest governing 
body of the Company.
Group 
Tthe Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.
IAS 
International accounting standards.
ICT 
Information and Communications Technology.
IFRS 
International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European 
Union.
Issue Price 
The price payable for one Note upon the issue thereof as determined in 
accordance with the relevant Final Terms.
Law on Protection of 
Interests of 
Bondholders 
Law on Protection of Interests of Bondholders of the Republic of Lithuania. 
Management 
The CEO together with the Management Board and the Supervisory Council 
of the Company.
Management Board 
The Management Board of the Company.
Member State 
Member state of the EEA.
MiFID II 
Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 
May 2014 on markets in financial instruments and amending Directive 
2002/92/EC and Directive 2011/61/EU (recast) as supplemented or 
amended from time to time.
MiFID Product 
Governance Rules 
MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593. 
Moody’s 
Moody’s Investor Service Inc.
MREL 
Minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities.
Nasdaq CSD  
Nasdaq CSD SE Lithuanian branch, registered with Register of Legal 
Entities of Lithuania under register code 304602060, having its registered 
address at Konstitucijos ave. 29-1, Vilnius, Lithuania.
Nasdaq Vilnius 
Regulated market operated by Nasdaq Vilnius AB (register code 
110057488).
Notes 
Up to 100,000 subordinated notes with the nominal value of EUR 1,000 
issued by the Company in accordance with the Terms and Conditions.
Offering 
Offering of the Bonds to institutional and retail investors in Lithuania, 
Latvia and Estonia, which is a public offering of securities within the 
meaning of the Prospectus Regulation.
Offering Period 
The period within which the persons who have the right to participate in the 
Offering may submit Subscription Undertakings for the Notes. The Offering 
Period of each Offering will be announced separately.
Programme 
All series of Note issues in the aggregate principal amount of 
EUR 100,000,000 as established by the Company in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions.
Prospectus 
This public offering, listing and admission to trading base prospectus 
document.
Prospectus Regulation 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are 
offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market and 
repealing Directive 2003/71/EC, as supplemented or amended from time to 
time.
Resolution Authority 
The European Single Resolution Board, the BoL, or such other regulatory 
authority or governmental body with the ability to exercise any Bail-in and 
Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the Company and/or the Group.
Restricted Territories 
Member States of the European Economic Area (excluding Lithuania).
Section 
A section of this Prospectus.

--- Page 109 ---
- 101 -
 
Share 
The ordinary share of the Company with the nominal value of EUR 0.29, 
registered 
in 
the 
Nasdaq Vilnius Main 
List 
under 
ISIN 
code 
LT0000102253.
SME 
Small and medium-sized enterprise.
SREP 
Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process.
SRM Regulation 
Regulation (EU) No 806/2014, as the same may be amended or replaced 
from time to time.
Subsidiary/ 
Subsidiaries 
Each consolidated subsidiary of the Company and their respective 
subsidiaries, as of the date of the Prospectus they are UAB "SB lizingas", 
Gyvybės draudimo UAB "SB draudimas", UAB “SB Asset Management”, 
UAB “SB turto fondas”.
Supervisory Council 
The Supervisory Council of the Company.
Terms and Conditions 
The Terms and Conditions of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes as established by 
this Prospectus.
UK 
The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
UCITS 
Undertakings for the collective investment in transferable securities, i.e. 
investment funds regulated at EU level mainly by the Directive 2009/65/EC 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 13 July 2009 on the 
coordination of laws, regulations and administrative provisions relating to 
undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities as 
supplemented or amended (UCITS).

--- Page 110 ---
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Šiaulių bankas AB 
Tilžės str. 149 
Šiauliai 
Lithuania  
LEGAL ADVISERS 
As to Lithuanian law:
TGS Baltic 
Konstitucijos ave. 21A 
Vilnius 
Lithuania
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
KPMG Baltics UAB  
Lvivo str. 101  
Vilnius 
 Lithuania