--- Page 1 ---
AKCIJU SABIEDRĪBA “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”
(incorporated in the Republic of Latvia as a public limited company with registration number 40003575567)
First Programme for the Issuance of Notes
in the Amount of up to EUR 160,000,000
Under this First Programme for the Issuance of Notes in the Amount of up to EUR 160,000,000 (the “Programme”) described
in this base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) akciju sabiedrība “Augstsprieguma tīkls”, a public limited company (in Latvian
– akciju sabiedrība) incorporated in and operating under the laws of the Republic of Latvia, registered with the Commercial
Register of the Republic of Latvia under registration number: 40003575567 and having its legal address at Dārzciema iela 86,
Riga, LV-1073 (the “Issuer” or the “Company”), may issue and offer from time to time in one or several series (the “Series”)
non-convertible unsecured and unguaranteed notes denominated in EUR, having maturity up to 10 years and with fixed
interest rate (the “Notes”). Each Series may comprise one or more tranches of Notes (the “Tranches”). The maximum
aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not at any time exceed EUR
160,000,000.
To the extent not set forth in this Base Prospectus, the specific terms of any Notes will be included in the relevant final terms
(the “Final Terms”) (a form of which is contained herein). This Base Prospectus should be read and construed together with
any supplement hereto and with any other documents incorporated by reference herein, and, in relation to any Tranche of
Notes and with the Final Terms of the relevant Tranche of Notes.
This Base Prospectus has been prepared in connection with the offering and listing of the Notes pursuant to the requirements
of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”), the Financial Instruments Market Law (in Latvian - Finanšu
instrumentu tirgus likums) and the Commission Delegated Regulation No 2019/980/EU (the “Delegated Regulation”), in
particular the Annexes 6 and 14 thereof. The Financial and Capital Market Commission (in Latvian - Finanšu un kapitāla tirgus
komisija), as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation, has approved this Base Prospectus and has notified the
approval of the Base Prospectus to the competent authority in Lithuania (the Bank of Lithuania (in Lithuanian - Lietuvos
Bankas)). The Financial and Capital Market Commission only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of any Notes that are the subject of this
Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.
This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval. The obligation to supplement the Base
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when the Base
Prospectus is no longer valid.
Application will be made to akciju sabiedrība “Nasdaq Riga”, registration number: 40003167049, legal address: Vaļņu 1, Riga,
LV- 1050, Latvia (“Nasdaq Riga”) for admitting each Tranche to listing and trading on the official bond list (the Baltic Bond
List) of Nasdaq Riga according to the requirements of Nasdaq Riga not later than within 3 (three) months after the Issue Date
of the respective Tranche. Nasdaq Riga is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive
2014/65/EU, as amended (“MiFID II”).
The Notes shall be issued in the bearer dematerialised form and registered with Nasdaq CSD SE, registration number:
40003242879, legal address: Vaļņu 1, Riga, LV-1050, Latvia (the “Depository”) in book-entry form. Investors may hold the
Notes through participants of the Depository, including credit institutions and investment brokerage firms.
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act 1933 (as amended) (the “Securities Act”),
or with any securities regulatory authority of any state of the United States. This Base Prospectus or the Final Terms are not
to be distributed to the United States or in any other jurisdiction where it would be unlawful. The Notes may not be offered,
sold, pledged or otherwise transferred, directly or indirectly, within the United States or to, for the account or benefit of, U.S.
persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (the “Regulation S”)), except to a person who is not a U.S.
Person (as defined in Regulation S) in an offshore transaction pursuant to Regulation S.
Investment in the Notes to be issued under the Programme involves certain risks. Prospective investors should carefully
acquaint themselves with such risks before making a decision to invest in the Notes. The principal risk factors that may affect
the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed in Section “Risk Factors” below.
Arranger and Dealer
Luminor Bank AS
The date of this Base Prospectus is 21 September 2021

--- Page 2 ---
2
TABLE OF CONTENTS
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT ....................................................................................................... 3
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ............................................................................................................ 4
DISTRIBUTION OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS .............................. 6
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION ........................................................ 8
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ............................................................................................. 13
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................................... 14
RISK FACTORS .............................................................................................................................. 16
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES................................................................. 31
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................ 43
USE OF PROCEEDS ...................................................................................................................... 45
INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP ............................................................................................. 46
INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP’S BUSINESS OPERATIONS ................................................ 50
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE ................................................................................................... 55
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES ................................................ 56
SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION ............................................................. 61
FINANCIAL AND TREND INFORMATION ....................................................................................... 62
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION .......................................................................................................... 63
THE ECONOMY OF THE REPUBLIC OF LATVIA ........................................................................... 64
TAXATION ....................................................................................................................................... 67
GENERAL INFORMATION .............................................................................................................. 69
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ....................................................................... 71
ANNEX I – FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ............................................................................................ 72

--- Page 3 ---
3
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation
and for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Issuer, the Issuer and its subsidiaries taken as a
whole (the “Group”) and the Notes which, according to the particular nature of the Issuer and the Notes, is
necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position
and profit and losses of the Issuer.
The Issuer, represented by the members of its Management Board, accepts responsibility for the information
contained in this Base Prospectus and in any Final Terms which complete this Base Prospectus for each
Tranche of Notes issued hereunder and declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained
in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and that the Base Prospectus does not omit anything
likely to affect the import of such information.
Management Board of akciju sabiedrība “Augstsprieguma tīkls”:
_______________________________
Chairperson of the Management Board
Gunta Jēkabsone
_______________________________
Member of the Management Board
Arnis Daugulis
_______________________________
Member of the Management Board
Gatis Junghāns
_______________________________
Member of the Management Board
Mārcis Kauliņš
_______________________________
Member of the Management Board
Imants Zviedris
This document is signed electronically with secure electronic signatures containing the time stamps.

--- Page 4 ---
4
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Arranger and Dealer accepts no responsibility whatsoever for the
contents of this Base Prospectus. The Arranger and Dealer accordingly disclaims all and any liability which it
might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus.
Neither the Arranger and Dealer nor any of its respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of
this Base Prospectus and none of them make any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as
to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any responsibility for
any acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person in connection with issue and offering of the Notes.
No person is authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in this Base
Prospectus and any information or representation not so contained must not be relied upon as having been
authorised by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealer. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus
nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there
has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base
Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in
the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been
most recently amended or supplemented or that the information contained in it or any other information
supplied in connection with the Notes is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied
or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same.
Neither this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms nor any other information supplied in connection with the
offering of the Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Arranger or Dealer that any recipient of this Base
Prospectus, any Final Terms or any other information supplied in connection with the offering of the Notes
should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own
independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness,
of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the offering
of the Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Arranger or Dealer, to any
person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes.
Each potential investor in the Notes must make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the
Notes. In particular, each potential investor should:
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained in this Base Prospectus;
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall
investment portfolio;
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes,
including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's
currency;
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant financial
markets; and
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic,
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether
and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for various types
of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should
consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under
any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 5 ---
5
The Notes are governed by Latvian law and any disputes arising in relation to the Notes shall be settled
exclusively by the courts of the Republic of Latvia in accordance with Latvian law.

--- Page 6 ---
6
DISTRIBUTION OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms may in certain jurisdictions be restricted by law,
and this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms may not be used for the purpose of, or in connection with, any
offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any
person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation. No actions have been taken to register or
qualify the Notes, or otherwise to permit a public offering of the Notes, in any jurisdiction other that the Republic
of Latvia and the Republic of Lithuania. The Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealer expect persons into whose
possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes to inform themselves of and observe all such
restrictions. Neither the Issuer nor the Arranger or Dealer accept any legal responsibility for any violation by
any person, whether or not a prospective purchaser of the Notes is aware of such restrictions. In particular,
this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms may not be sent to any person in the United States, Australia,
Canada, Japan, Hong Kong, South Africa, Singapore or any other jurisdiction in which it would not be
permissible to deliver the Notes, and the Notes may not be offered, sold, resold, transferred or delivered,
directly or indirectly, in or into any of these countries.
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act 1933 (as amended) (the
“Securities Act”), or with any securities regulatory authority of any state of the United States. This Base
Prospectus or the Final Terms are not to be distributed to the United States or in any other jurisdiction where
it would be unlawful. The Notes may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred, directly or indirectly,
within the United States or to, for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the
Securities Act (the “Regulation S”)), except to a person who is not a U.S. Person (as defined in Regulation S)
in an offshore transaction pursuant to Regulation S.
The Financial and Capital Market Commission (in Latvian - Finanšu un kapitāla tirgus komisija), as competent
authority under the Prospectus Regulation, has approved this Base Prospectus and has notified the approval
of the Base Prospectus to the competent authority in Lithuania (the Bank of Lithuania (in Lithuanian - Lietuvos
Bankas)). However, in relation to each member state of the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) (except the
Republic of Latvia and the Republic of Lithuania), the Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not made
and will not make any public offer of Notes prior to that EEA member state’s authority receiving a certificate of
approval of the Financial and Capital Market Commission attesting that the Base Prospectus has been drawn
up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation together with a copy of the Base Prospectus.
Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer within the EEA of Notes which are the subject
of an offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms (other than the offer of Notes
in the Republic of Latvia and in the Republic of Lithuania) may only do so in circumstances in which no
obligation arises for the Issuer or the Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus
Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in
relation to such offer.
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET: A determination will be made in relation to each
issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive
2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), the Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer
in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealer nor any of their respective affiliates
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules.
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the
Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor")
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made
available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, any retail investor in the EEA. For
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point

--- Page 7 ---
7
(11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or
superseded), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article
4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the
"PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 8 ---
8
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION
With the exception of certain alternative performance measures (“APMs”), the financial information included
in this Base Prospectus has been derived from:
 
the Group's consolidated and the Company's annual report, representing audited consolidated and
standalone financial statements for the financial year ending 31 December 2020 prepared in
accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the E.U. (“IFRS”) (the
“2020 Financial Statements”);
 
the Company's annual report, representing audited standalone financial statements for the financial
year ending 31 December 2019 prepared in accordance with IFRS (the “2019 Financial Statements”,
and together with the 2020 Financial Statements, the “Audited Financial Statements”).
 
the Company’s consolidated and abridged financial statements, representing unaudited consolidated
and standalone financial statements for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 prepared in
accordance with the International Accounting Standard 34 (the “Interim Financial Statements”, and
together with the Audited Financial Statements, the “Financial Statements”).
SIA “Deloitte Audits Latvia” (“Deloitte”) audited the 2020 Financial Statements and issued an unqualified
auditor’s report on the aforementioned financial statements. In addition, Deloitte audited the 2019 Financial
Statements and issued an unqualified auditors’ report on the aforementioned financial statements.
Changes in accounting policies and presentation of financial information
Reform of ownership of transmission system assets
On October 2019 and December 2019 the Cabinet of Ministers of the Republic of Latvia supported the
implementation of the "full ownership unbundling" model for the electricity transmission system operator.
Consequently, in June 2020 the owner of the transmission system assets AS Latvijas elektriskie tīkli was
separated from AS Latvenergo and all shares of AS Latvijas elektriskie tīkli were transferred to the Ministry of
Economics of the Republic of Latvia.
In June 2020 the Ministry of Economics of the Republic of Latvia transferred all shares AS Latvijas elektriskie
tīkli to the Ministry of Finance of the Republic of Latvia (the sole shareholder of the Company), and
subsequently the Ministry of Finance of the Republic of Latvia invested all shares of AS Latvijas elektriskie tīkli
in the value of EUR 222.7 million into the Company by a way of increase of share capital of the Company.
On 25 November 2020, the reorganization of the Company and AS Latvijas elektriskie tīkli was completed by
merging AS Latvijas elektriskie tīkli into the Company. As a result of merger AS Latvijas elektriskie tīkli
transferred all its property, rights and obligations to the Company and ceased to exist without a liquidation
process. Following the merger, the Company continues the commercial activities of AS Latvijas elektriskie tīkli.
Therefore, the 2020 Financial Statements also include the financial results of AS Latvijas elektriskie tīkli from
1 June 2020 to 30 September 2020.
Investment into AS Conexus Baltic Grid
In December 2017, the Company acquired 34.36 per-cent shares in AS Conexus Baltic Grid, a unified natural
gas transmission and storage operator in Latvia,
On 21 July 2020, pursuant to the decision of the Cabinet of Ministers of the Republic of Latvia of 26 May 2020
the Company acquired additional 34.1 per-cent of shares in AS Conexus Baltic Grid.
As of 21 July 2020, the Company owns 68.46 per-cent of the shares in AS Conexus Baltic Grid and has a
decisive influence in the company.

--- Page 9 ---
9
In the 2019 Consolidated Financial Statements the financial investment in AS Conexus Baltic Grid is classified
as investment in associate and accounted for using the equity method in accordance with International
Accounting Standard 28 “Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures”.
The Company acquired control in AS Conexus Baltic Grid as of 1 August 2020. In the 2020 Consolidated
Financial Statements the transaction was accounted as a business combination in accordance with
International Financial Reporting Standard 3 “Business Combinations”. The consolidated result for 2020
include the financial results of AS Conexus Baltic Grid from 1 August 2020 to 31 December 2020.
Alternative performance measures
This Base Prospectus includes certain references to APMs derived from the Financial Statements such as
EBITDA, net debt, return on assets (ROA), return on equity (ROE), net debt to equity and net debt to EBITDA.
The Group uses these APMs to evaluate its performance, and this additional financial information is presented
in this Base Prospectus. This information should be viewed as supplemental to the Financial Statements.
Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on this information and should note that the APMs, as
calculated by the Group, may differ materially from similarly titled measures reported by other companies,
including the Group’s competitors.
The APMs presented in this section are not defined in accordance with IFRS. An APM should not be considered
in isolation from, or as substitute for any analysis of, financial measures defined according to IFRS. Investors
are advised to review these APMs in conjunction with the Financial Statements contained in this Base
Prospectus.
The following tables present the selected APMs of the Group and the Company for the indicated periods or as
of the indicated dates:
Group
Company
Six months
ended 30
June
Year ended 31 December
Six months
ended 30
June
Year ended 31 December
2021
2020
2019
2021
2020
2019
EBITDA
€ thousand
42 298
55 028
40 515
23 005
42 343
40 515
Net debt
€ thousand
165 482
152 359
-
83 884
145 647
-
Return on assets
(ROA)
per-cent
6.4%
8.8%
3.8%
8.5%
1.8%
3.4%
Return on equity
(ROE)
per-cent
13.6%
17.1%
9.1%
16.3%
4.4%
10.1%
Net debt to equity
per-cent
27%
24%
-
19%
38%
-
Net debt to EBITDA
ratio
2.2
2.8
-
1.9
3.4
-
Management of the Company uses EBITDA, net debt, return on assets (ROA), return on equity (ROE), net
debt to equity and net debt to EBITDA measures because the Company believes that these measures are
commonly used by lenders, investors and analysts.
These measures are presented for purposes of providing investors with a better understanding of the Group’s
financial performance, cash flows or financial position as they are used by the Group when managing its
business.
EBITDA
EBITDA should not be considered as alternative to profit before tax as defined by IFRS or to cash flows from
operating activities (or any other performance measure determined in accordance with IFRS) or as indicator
of operating performance or as measure of the Group’s liquidity. EBITDA should not be considered as
measures of discretionary cash available to the Group to invest in the growth of the Group’s businesses.
EBITDA has certain limitations as an analytical tool, and should not be considered in isolation, or as a substitute
for financial information as reported under IFRS. Investors should not place undue reliance on this data.

--- Page 10 ---
10
EBITDA in this Base Prospectus is presented, for each period, as: earnings before interest, corporate income
tax, financial income, share of profit or loss of associates, and depreciation and amortisation.
No statement in this Base Prospectus is intended as a profit/EBITDA forecast and no statement in this Base
Prospectus should be interpreted to mean that the earnings of the Group for the current or future years would
necessarily match or exceed the historical published earnings of the Group.
The table below presents reconciliation of EBITDA to the net profit:
Group
Company
Six months
ended 30
June
Year ended 31 December
Six months
ended 30
June
Year ended 31 December
2021
2020
2019
2021
2020
2019
Net profit,
€ thousand
14 135
65 358
8 829
63 805
9 999
7 067
Applicable to:
Company
shareholder
€ thousand
11 568
64 051
8 829
63 805
9 999
7 067
Non-controlling
interest
€ thousand
2 567
1 307
-
-
-
Corporate income
tax
€ thousand
-1 779
-853
-
-
-
Financial income,
net
€ thousand
-1 456
-1 597
-1 639
-1 342
-795
-1 639
Income from
participation
€ thousand
3 081
5 956
58 286
5 605
4 194
Net gain on
acquisition of a
controlling interest
€ thousand
50 326
-
-
-
Depreciation and
amortization
€ thousand
-24 928
-40 627
-36 002
-16 145
-37 154
-36 002
EBITDA
€ thousand
42 298
55 028
40 515
23 005
42 343
40 515
Net debt
Net debt consists of borrowings at the end of period, subtracting cash and cash equivalents at the end of the
period. Cash and cash equivalents include placed fixed-term deposits with a maturity of less than 3 months.
It is used for the purpose of calculating the debt ratio by which the Group monitors its capital.
The following table illustrates the methodology the Group uses to determine net debt of the Group and the
Company:
Group
Company
Six months
ended 30
June
Year ended 31 December
Six months
ended 30
June
Year ended 31 December
2021
2020
2019
2021
2020
2019
Borrowings
€ thousand
240 203
224 747
-
156 200
202 872
-
Cash and cash
equivalents
€ thousand
74 721
72 388
48 216
72 316
57 225
48 216
Net DEBT
€ thousand
165 482
152 359
-
83 554
145 647
-
As a result of the reorganisation of AS Latvijas elektriskie tīkli, the Company assumed all assets and liabilities
of AS Latvijas elektriskie tīkli. Prior to completion of the reorganisation, the amount of borrowings of AS Latvijas
elektriskie tīkli from its former parent company AS Latvenergo was EUR 225.2 million. In 2020, a partial early
repayment of the loan was made to AS Latvenergo (in the amount of EUR 138.6 million) using refinancing
services from AS SEB banka (in the amount of EUR 116.2 million) and the Company’s own funds.

--- Page 11 ---
11
To ensure efficient management of available funds, on 18 June 2021 an agreement on early repayment of the
loan was entered into between the Company and AS Latvenergo, according to which the Company in July
2021 completely repaid to AS Latvenergo the remaining part of the loan in the amount of EUR 86.7 million.
Return on assets (ROA)
Return on assets (ROA) is a measure of profitability of the assets which indicates the efficiency of asset usage
in profit generation of the Group and the Company.  The ROA is calculated by dividing net profit at the end of
the period to the average value of total assets at the beginning and the end of the period. For -six-month
period, trailing 12 months (the “TTM”) is used to acquire net profit of last 12 months.
Return on equity (ROE)
Return on equity (ROE) is a measure of profitability of the equity, and indicates the efficiency of equity usage
in profit generation of the Group and the Company. The ROE is calculated by dividing net profit at the end of
the period to the average value of total equity at the beginning and the end of the period. For six-month period,
the TTM is used to acquire net profit of last 12 months.
Net Debt to Equity
Net debt to equity is the ratio of net debt at the end of the year to equity at the end of the year and is used as
a measure of both indebtedness and borrowing capacity.
Net Debt to EBITDA
Net debt to EBITDA is used as a measure of financial leverage and the Group’s and the Company’s ability to
pay off its debt. The ratio is calculated by dividing the net debt by the TTM EBITDA. The ratio gives an indication
as to how long the Group and the Company would need to operate at its current level to pay off all its debt.
Rounding
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals
in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them.
Currencies
In this Base Prospectus, financial information is presented in euro (EUR), the official currency of the European
Union Member States in the Eurozone.
Date of information
This Base Prospectus is drawn up based on information which was valid as of the date of the Base Prospectus.
Where not expressly indicated otherwise, all information presented in this Base Prospectus (including the
consolidated financial information of the Group and financial information of the Company, the facts concerning
its operations and any information on the markets in which it operates) must be understood to refer to the state
of affairs as of the aforementioned date. Where information is presented as of a date other than the date of
the Base Prospectus, this is identified by specifying the relevant date.
Certain publicly available information
Certain statistical data and other information appearing in this Base Prospectus have been extracted from
public sources identified in this Base Prospectus. None of the Arranger, the Dealer or the Issuer accepts
responsibility for the factual correctness of any such statistics or information, but the Issuer accepts
responsibility for accurately extracting and transcribing such statistics and information and believes, after due
inquiry, that such statistics and information represent the most current publicly available statistics and
information from such sources at the dates and for the periods with respect to which they have been presented.
The Issuer confirms that all such third-party information has been accurately reproduced and, so far as the

--- Page 12 ---
12
Issuer is aware and has been able to ascertain from that published information, no facts have been omitted
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.
Websites
Information contained in any website referred to herein does not form part of this Base Prospectus, other than
the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework, which is available for viewing on the following website: www.ast.lv and
is incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus and forms a part of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 13 ---
13
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This Base Prospectus includes statements that are, or may be deemed to be, “forward-looking statements”.
These forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the
terms “believes”, “estimates”, “plans”, “projects”, “anticipates”, “expects”, “intends”, “may”, “will” or “should” or,
in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategy, plans,
objectives, goals, future events or intentions.
These forward-looking statements include all matters that are not historical facts. They appear in a number of
places throughout this Base Prospectus and include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the Group’s
or the Issuer’s intentions, beliefs or current expectations concerning, among other things, the Group’s results
of operations, financial condition, liquidity, prospects, growth, strategies and the industry in which the Group
operates.
By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to future events
and circumstances. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and the financial
position and results of operations of the Group, and the development of the markets and the industries in which
members of the Group operate, may differ materially from those described in, or suggested by, the forward-
looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus.
In addition, even if the Group’s results of operations and financial position, and the development of the markets
and the industries in which the Group operates, are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained
in this Base Prospectus, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in
subsequent periods. A number of risks, uncertainties and other factors could cause results and developments
to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. See Section “Risk
Factors” below.
These forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of this Base Prospectus. Except to the extent
required by law, the Issuer is not obliged to, and does not intend to, update or revise any forward-looking
statements made in this Base Prospectus whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to the Issuer, or persons acting on the
Issuer's behalf, are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained throughout this
Base Prospectus. As a result of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, a prospective purchaser of the
Notes should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.

--- Page 14 ---
14
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by,
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the General Terms and Conditions of any particular
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. This overview must be read as an introduction in conjunction
with the other parts of the Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated therein). Any decision to
invest in the Notes should be based on a consideration by the investor of the Base Prospectus as a whole.
Words and expressions defined in the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes below or elsewhere in this
Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this overview
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of the
Delegated Regulation.
Issuer:
Akciju sabiedrība “Augstsprieguma tīkls”
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI):
64883LC3F12690GATG87
Programme Limit:
Up to EUR 160,000,000 aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding
at any one time.
Risk Factors:
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The
principal risk factors that may affect the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its
obligations under the Notes are discussed in Section “Risk Factors” below.
Arranger or the Programme:
Luminor Bank AS
Dealer:
Luminor Bank AS
Method of Issue:
The Notes shall be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or
more Tranches of Notes. The Notes of each Tranche will all be subject to
identical terms, except that the Issue Dates and the Issue Prices thereof
may be different in respect of different Tranches.
Form of the Notes:
The Notes will be issued in dematerialized form and book-entered with
Nasdaq CSD SE.
Status and Security:
The Notes constitute direct, unsecured and unguaranteed obligations of
the Issuer ranking pari passu without any preference among each other
and with all other unsecured, unguaranteed and unsubordinated
indebtedness of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred
by mandatory provisions of law.
Currency:
EUR
Denomination:
The nominal amount of each Note shall be specified in the Final Terms.
Issue Price:
The Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or a
premium to their nominal amount.
Minimum Investment Amount:
The Notes will be offered for subscription for a minimum investment
amount EUR 100,000 (one hundred thousand euro).
Interest:
The Notes will bear interest at a fixed annual interest rate.
Maturity:
The Notes shall be repaid in full at their nominal amount on the date which
will be specified in the Final Terms. Each Series of Notes may have a
maturity up to 10 years.
Early Redemption:
The Issuer is entitled to redeem each Series of Notes, in whole but not in
part, at any time during the period of 3 (three) month prior to their maturity
at a price equal to the nominal amount of the Notes together with the

--- Page 15 ---
15
accrued interest, as more fully set out in Clauses 9.3 and 9.4 of the
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
Redemption for tax reasons:
The Issuer is entitled to redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, at a
price equal to the nominal amount of the Notes together with the accrued
interest for tax reasons as described in Clause 11 of the General Terms
and Conditions of the Notes.
Change of Control:
Following the occurrence of a Change of Control the Noteholders will be
entitled to request the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer’s option, procure
the purchase of their Notes, as more fully set out in Clause 14 of the
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
Negative Pledge:
The Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge as described in
Clause 15 of the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
Cross Default:
The Notes will have the benefit of a cross default provision as described
in Clause 16 of the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
Listing:
Application will be made to Nasdaq Riga for admitting each Tranche to
listing and trading on the official bond list (the Baltic Bond List) according
to the requirements of Nasdaq Riga not later than within 3 (three) months
after the Issue Date of the respective Tranche.
Taxation:
All payments in respect of the Notes by the Issuer shall be made without
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes,
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature
(“Taxes”), unless the withholding or deduction of the Taxes is required by
the laws of the Republic of Latvia. In such case, the Issuer shall pay such
additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders after such
withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been received
by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that
no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note held
by or on behalf of a Noteholder which is liable to such Taxes in respect of
such Note by reason of its having some connection with the Republic of
Latvia other than the mere holding of the Note.
Rating:
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has a credit rating BBB+
by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited. The outlook is positive. A Series
of Notes to be issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated.
A rating is not a recommendation to buy or sell or hold Notes and may be
subject to suspension, reduction, or withdrawal at any time by the
assigning rating agency. Up-to-date information should always be sought
by direct reference to the relevant rating agency.
Governing Law:
Latvian law.
Dispute Resolution:
Any disputes relating to or arising in relation to the Notes shall be settled
solely by the courts of the Republic of Latvia of competent jurisdiction.
Selling Restrictions:
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of
Notes and on the distribution of the Base Prospectus in the United States
of America, the EEA (with respect to retail investors), the Republic of
Latvia, the Republic of Lithuania and other jurisdictions, see Section
“Distribution of the Base Prospectus and Selling Restrictions”.

--- Page 16 ---
16
RISK FACTORS
Prospective investors are advised to carefully consider the risk factors and other information provided in this
Base Prospectus. Investing in the Notes involves certain risks including but not limited to the risks described
herein.
The Issuer believes that if one or more of the risk factors described herein emerges, it could have a negative
effect on the Issuer’s business operations, financial position and/or business results and, thereby, the Issuer’s
ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes. If these risks
were to lead to a decline in the market price of the Notes, prospective investors could lose all or part of their
investment.
The risks and uncertainties described herein are the risks which the Issuer has deemed material; however, 
they are not the only factors affecting the Issuer’s activities. Therefore, the Issuer does not claim that the
statements below regarding the risks of acquiring and/or holding any Notes are exhaustive. Also, other factors
and uncertainties than those mentioned herein, which are currently unknown or deemed immaterial, could
negatively affect the Issuer’s business operations, financial position and/or business results and, thereby, the
Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes.
Most of these risk factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and the Issuer is not in a position to
assess or express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring.
The most material risk factors have been presented at the beginning in each category. The order of
presentation of the remaining risk factors in each category in this Base Prospectus is not intended as an
indication of the probability of their occurrence or of their potential effect on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its
obligations under the Notes.
All investors should make their own evaluations of the risks associated with an investment in the Notes and
should consult with their own professional advisers if they consider it necessary.
Risks related to macroeconomic conditions
Exposure of business results to macroeconomic developments
The results of the Group's operations are dependent on Latvia's macroeconomic situation. In particular, the
Group's operations are affected by such factors as the GDP of Latvia, the level of industrial production, the
rate of inflation, electricity prices, the unemployment rate, changes in consumer affluence levels, and the fiscal
policy of the Republic of Latvia. The Baltic economy is closely linked to the global economy and especially to
the macroeconomic conditions in the Eurozone countries and global developments.
The Group’s business is influenced by electricity price trends in local and Nordic markets, commodities prices,
consumer behaviour and electricity demand in the Baltic countries, and other indices that may reflect local and
global macroeconomic trends and have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business and financial
position.
The Group has a strong balance sheet and operates in a relatively non-cyclical or late-cyclical industry.
However, an unexpected downturn in the economy may have an impact on the Group’s customers and
negatively affect its growth and results of operations through reduced electricity consumption.
In 2020, the global COVID-19 pandemic had a significant impact on the global economy, including the
dynamics of energy prices. Any negative effect of COVID-19 on the economy may decrease incomes of the
Group’s customers and the demand for the Group’s products. Such effects may also result in insolvency of the
Group’s business partners, which could affect the operations of the Group, as well as its financial standing.
Furthermore, although the Group’s operations are affected by macroeconomic conditions, and the related
changes in electricity and natural gas consumption, the increase in costs of the Group companies, pursuant
to the Tariff Calculation Methodology for Electricity Transmission System Services (in Latvian -
Elektroenerģijas pārvades sistēmas pakalpojumu tarifu aprēķināšanas metodika), Tariff Calculation

--- Page 17 ---
17
Methodology for Natural Gas Transmission System Service (in Latvian - Dabasgāzes pārvades sistēmas
pakalpojuma tarifu aprēķināšanas metodika) and Tariff Calculation Methodology for Natural Gas Storage
System Service (in Latvian - Dabasgāzes uzglabāšanas sistēmas pakalpojuma tarifu aprēķināšanas metodika)
may be recovered by the Company in the following tariff  regulatory periods and also following regulatory
period. As a result, although short-term fluctuations within tariff regulatory periods are possible, in the long-
term, if the increase in costs is not covered in within next regulatory period, the profitability set forth by the
Public Utilities Commission is achieved due to the recovery of increase in costs.
The Group's estimate for the exposure of business results to macroeconomic developments is low.
Operational Risks
Electricity exchange price fluctuation risk
The Company purchases electricity for transmission losses, technological and economic consumption on the
electricity market at market prices. Thus, the discrepancy between the actual and projected electricity prices
in the approved tariffs caused by the fluctuations of the market prices creates a liquidity risk in cases when
factual electricity costs are higher than the costs included in tariff calculations. The costs related to transmission
losses and technological consumption (average EUR 10-12 million) account for around 20 per-cent of the
Company's total operational costs.
The fluctuations of the electricity exchange price in Latvia indicate that after the decrease of the electricity price
in 2015-2017, in 2018 the electricity exchange price increased by 44 per-cent (year 2018 – EUR/MWh 49.90),
compared to 2017 (year 2017 – EUR/MWh 34.68). In 2019-2020 a decrease in the price of electricity followed,
and the average price of the electricity exchange in Latvia in 2020 (year 2020 – EUR/MWh 34.05), compared
to 2019, decreased by 26 per-cent (year 2019 – EUR/MWh 46.28). However, in 2021 the electricity exchange
price once again is increasing.
In June 2021, the average MWh price in the Nord Pool exchange in Latvia was EUR/MWh 76.23, which is 57.4
per-cent more than it was a month ago (May 2021 - EUR/MWh 48.42) and 97.2 per-cent more (June 2020 -
EUR/MWh 38.66) than it was in the same month a year ago. This is due to price increase amongst the
underlying resources used for electricity generation, such as natural gas and CO2 emission quotes.
Although electricity price increase can affect short term financial liquidity, the Company ensures continuous
monitoring of the electricity price in order to react promptly to price changes if necessary. Sufficient funds or
credit resources are provided to ensure liquidity.
According to the Tariff Calculation Methodology for Electricity Transmission System Services (in Latvian -
Elektroenerģijas pārvades sistēmas pakalpojumu tarifu aprēķināšanas metodika), the increase in costs
resulting from unplanned changes in the price of electricity is included in the calculation of tariffs in the next
regulatory period, thus compensating for the negative impact.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, an inability to cover funding costs through revenue streams may have a material
adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition, and results of operations or prospects, which
may impact the ability of the Company to meet its payment obligations under the Notes.
The Company's estimate for the electricity exchange price fluctuation risk profile is medium.
Information system, communication network infrastructure and cyber-attack risks
The Company has developed, procured and uses a variety of off-the-shelf and custom-made information
systems and web-based solutions in carrying out its everyday business operations and providing services to
its customers. The main factors that may lead to total or partial loss of information system data are physical
infrastructure damage (server, backup, disk array), technological failures, software failures, power failure
(power outages, power surges), fire, floods, natural disasters, human error, third party failures to perform their
duties (supplying faulty software or hardware, failing to provide support or maintenance service), distributed
denial of service attack, cyber-attacks, viruses, ransomware, and other forms of malware.

--- Page 18 ---
18
The Company has made significant investments in developing well-functioning and secure information systems
and is constantly working on improving such systems and developing adequate contingency procedures:

information system infrastructure is located in several data centres;
 
various information system virtualization technologies are used;
 
backup of information systems according to data backup and a maintenance plan of every information
system;
 
regular continuity tests of information systems.
The Company applies the contingency procedures mentioned above and this reduces the probability of the
information system risk; however, the continuity tests are not able to assess all possible scenarios, and there 
is a possibility of system unavailability or breakdown. Breakdowns and interruptions in the information systems
may negatively affect the business operations of the Company, causing errors in the execution of transactions,
loss of customers, production breakdowns and other business interruptions.
The Company manages cyber security activities, which provide for the involvement of the relevant business
areas, compliance with legal requirements and recommendations and monitoring critical controls, yet the
Company may be subject to cyber-attack and other security threats to its information systems.
In the event of emergence of the aforementioned circumstances, the Company may be unable to continue
conducting its business in an effective manner, or to prevent, respond promptly and adequately to or mitigate
the adverse effects of breakdowns or interruptions in its information system infrastructure, with possible
adverse effects on its reputation, financial condition, assets, business, and results of operations.
The Company estimate for the information system, communication network infrastructure and cyber-attack risk
profile is medium.
Technical risks
Technical risks are mainly related to the maintenance of the electricity transmission infrastructure and the
prevention of potential damage, as a result of which possible disruptions in the transmission of electricity to
customers may occur. Disruptions of the electricity transmission system may be caused by natural disasters,
illegal actions of individuals and legal entities (for instance, theft of line elements, vandalism, damage) and
equipment defects.
Major risks relating specifically to the electricity transmission infrastructure failures include mass failures in the
transmission infrastructure caused by atmospheric surges, branches or trees falling on power lines or power
equipment, strong winds, ice, and rapid changes in air temperature. During the last 20 years, the largest mass
failures in the distribution infrastructure occurred in 2005 and 2010-2011.
Other significant risks relate to timely elimination and prevention of technical defects and damage through the
implementation of the technical operation process and timely identification of potential risks.
To minimize the technical risks, the Company has implemented a long-term investment programme for
electricity transmission infrastructure renovation and reconstruction projects. The Company has also
implemented measures in its operations to improve technical operation processes, as well as prevent the
occurrence of technical damage and defects, for instance, improving controls of electric power lines (the
“EPL”), monitoring of trees and objects outside the protection zone, and identification of potentially endangered
trees off the route, warning of landowners and felling of trees.
The Company constantly improves EPL controls, tracks are actively cleaned to prevent dangerous trees from
growing near the lines, communication with landowners and third parties is constantly improved, event
recording and data analysis have been significantly developed, new and innovative technical solutions have
been introduced, reducing the likelihood and impact of risks, as well as improving risk monitoring. Measures

--- Page 19 ---
19
have been and are being taken for replacement of unsafe elements (330kV bushings of a specific manufacturer
and type, 110kV instrument transformers) in the substations.
In certain circumstances, adequate insurance coverage may not be available, as a result of either a lack of
relevant insurance or excessive costs. In addition, insurance proceeds received may be inadequate to fully
cover replacement costs for damaged assets, sequential financial losses due to business interruption, liabilities
to third parties, and similar costs and expenses associated with such asset damages. Should such risk
materialise, it could result in a compensation of damages and additional operating costs for the Company, thus
adversely affecting the Company’s financial position and the Company’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the
Notes.
The Company’s estimate for the exposure of business results to technical risks is low.
System management risks
System management risks are related to sub-standard power supply or power failure due to frequency or
voltage deviation.
System management risks are reviewed systematically and periodically, but in the event of unforeseen
circumstances, an extraordinary risk review may be initiated. System management risks are constantly
controlled and monitored.
The most significant system management risks are:
 
Deviations in power flows that may occur in line, cross-sectional overload;
 
Voltage deviation, which may lead to a power supply interruption and be manifested in low-quality
electricity – reduced voltage (including voltage drops) or increased voltage (including overvoltage);
 
Threats and damage to electrical equipment caused by voltage deviations in 330 kV lines;
 
Real-time network status information is not available and operational control and monitoring is not
possible due to the unavailability of at least one real-time device or device for more than 30 minutes.
Other significant system management risks are related to implementation of the synchronization process with
the continental Europe. Political and/or legislative measures taken by Lithuania, Poland, Estonia, Russia and
the European Commission may delay the implementation of synchronization projects in Latvia and the
neighbouring countries, as well as a unilateral decision by Russia to disconnect the interconnection from the
Russian interconnected electricity system may have a negative effect on the synchronization process.
The Company has implemented measures in its operations that significantly improve system management
processes, as well as assist in avoiding potential occurrence of network deviations, such as dispatching
management process is constantly improved, training sessions are performed to ensure the competence of
employees and to improve actions in emergency and potential danger situations, information systems that are
used to ensure the normal state of the network are constantly improved.
During the last 10 years significant measures have been taken in the development of dispatching information
systems, staff competence building, the Company capacity building (calculations, planning, accounting,
monitoring, provision of additional services), implementation and improvement of emergency automation.
Notwithstanding the foregoing risk mitigation measures taken by the Company, should the system
management risk materialise, it may result in claims for damages and additional operating costs for the
Company, thus adversely affecting the Company’s financial position and the Company’s ability to fulfil its
obligations under the Notes.
The Company's estimate for the exposure of business results to system management risks is low.

--- Page 20 ---
20
Environmental risks
The Company’s core business activity – electricity transmission, – include operations with certain assets,
mixtures, substances and processes that inherently have increased levels of risk, thus exposing the
environment to potential damages or harm due to operational accidents or other sudden and unforeseen
occurrences. Certain technological processes involve materials, mixtures or substances that are potentially
dangerous in uncontrolled chemical processes, such as fires, explosions, emissions, major accidents or
failures of equipment or structures.
The following have been identified as significant environmental aspects which may cause environmental risks:
 
noise caused by the operation of the equipment (which usually causes inconvenience only in the
immediate vicinity of the objects),
 
electromagnetic field (which mostly causes inconvenience only in the immediate vicinity of objects and
significantly decreases as you move away from them),
 
storage and handling of chemicals and mixtures (especially handling of oils due to their volume).
The Company has implemented measures that significantly improve the state of the environment, as well as
prevent the occurrence of environmental pollution, for instance focusing on minimising sulphur hexafluoride
leaks, localizing and preventing the further spread of the identified historical pollution.
In recent years, significant measures have been taken on transformer oil collection, repair of underground oil
catchment pits, arrangement of oil sewers and installation of separators. Further construction and
reconstruction works for oil collection and oil drainage are anticipated only in connection with the 10-year
development plan of the transmission network.
The consequences of an uncontrolled release of dangerous substances or other environmental risks, such as
subsequent loss mitigation activities and clean-up costs, fines, penalties and similar costs imposed in
accordance with relevant legislation, third party claims and other legal actions may adversely affect the
Company’s business and financial position.
The Company’s estimate for the environmental risk profile is low.
Counterparty risk
Counterparty risk is inherent to all business activities the Company is engaged in. A counterparty's financial
distress or suspension of its operation by any governmental and/or other institutional body due to, among other
things, enforced economic sanction laws, regulations or embargoes could have a material adverse effect on
the Company's business and/or financial position. Counterparty risk could result in material financial losses to
the Company, including, but not limited to, revenues not being received from customers, the Company’s own
funds not being accessible in its current accounts, committed funding not being available, committed capital
expenditure projects being suspended or delayed, etc. Suspension of or material delay in any counterparty's
committed capital expenditure project that is significant in nominal amount could harm not only the Company's
financial position but also its business operations, thus further affecting the quality of services provided by the
Company itself or harming the Company’s reputation. The Company assesses its counterparties to mitigate
risks. The Company has internal procedures in place for identifying and assessing counterparties.
The Company has a significant concentration of receivables risk in relation to a single counterparty or a group
of similar counterparties. However, this risk to certain extent is limited due to the fact that the main cooperation
partner of the Company is AS Latvenergo, a state-owned company, as well as its group companies.
As to financial counterparties, the Company’s policy is, among other things, to evaluate and group financial
counterparties by the credit rating assigned to them by an independent credit rating agency. In accordance
with the Company’s financial risk management policy, counterparties with a minimum credit rating of at least
investment grade set by the international credit rating agency itself or the parent bank are accepted in
cooperation with banks and financial institutions.

--- Page 21 ---
21
Although, the Company monitors and manages its counterparty risk, an occurrence of the risk may have an
adverse impact on the Company’s business and financial position.
The Company's estimate for the financial counterparty risk profile is medium, while for other counterparties –
low.
Legal and Regulatory Risks
Claim of LITGRID AB
There is a possibility of a formal investigation being commenced against the Company under the European
Parliament and Council Regulation No 1227/2011 on Wholesale Energy Market Integrity and Transparency
(REMIT) on basis of claim of LITGRID AB.
On 11 May 2021, the Company received a claim from LITGRID AB, a Lithuanian electricity transmission system
operator, containing allegations regarding electricity market manipulation in the Baltic States and possible
breach of legal acts of the Republic of Lithuania limiting the trade in electricity with Belarus. The respective
regulatory framework in Lithuania was adopted as a reaction to construction of a nuclear power plant in
Astravyets, Belarus, in close proximity to the border with Lithuania. Lithuania’s aim is to limit, to the extent
possible, trade with the Belarussian electricity produced in the respective nuclear power plant on the territory
of EU.
In its claim, LITGRID AB has reproached the Company for:
1) calculating capacity for the trade with Russia, that exceeds Latvian-Russian interconnection capacity.
From this LITGRID AB concludes, that the Company does not comply with the Lithuanian national
legislation, that prohibits import of electricity produced in Belarus; and
2) using inapplicable (from LITGRID AB point of view) Capacity Calculation Methodology, which is being
used to determine capacity for the trade with Russia. LITGRID AB considers the said methodology as
being inapplicable, because it has not been approved by Lithuanian regulatory authority. At the same
time, the methodology has been endorsed by Latvian and Estonian regulatory authorities as being
correct and appropriate for the purposes of calculating capacity for the trade with Russia.
Notwithstanding the latter, LITGRID AB concludes, that by applying this methodology and calculating
a technically unreasonable capacity, the Company has contributed to a significant price difference
between the Latvian and Lithuanian price zones and has therefore unduly received congestion
management revenues of EUR 2.6 million and violated the Commission Regulation (EU) 2015/1222
of 24 July 2015 establishing a guideline on capacity allocation and congestion management.
In the light of these arguments, LITGRID AB concludes that, as a result of these Company's activities,
electricity produced in Belarus was illegally imported into Lithuania and consumed by Lithuanian electricity
users. Since electricity trade with Russia is organized in cooperation with Estonian transmission system
operator ''Elering'' AS, the Company evaluated the Claim together with ''Elering'' AS and on 21 May 2021 sent
common reply, in which the Company and ''Elering'' AS concluded, that arguments provided in the claim are
completely unjustified and the claim as unfounded.
Further, on 22 July 2021 the Lithuanian National Energy Regulatory Council (NERC) published conclusions of
the market investigation conducted by it. Pursuant to the NERC’s public statement, starting from 2020 there
has been a noticeable electricity price difference in Latvia and Lithuania. In NERC’s consideration, such
difference in electricity prices between Lithuanian and Latvian bidding zones occurred due to the methodology
for calculation and allocation of cross-zonal capacity with Russia applied by the Company and Estonian
electricity transmission system operator. It was also alleged that the Company 1) might be creating commercial
congestion on the Latvian-Lithuanian interconnection, and 2) is applying different environmental and State aid
rules in a discriminatory manner, benefiting third-country producers, rather than producers from the EU.
As of the date of this Base Prospectus the abovementioned claims have not resulted in a REMIT case being
opened against the Company. Moreover, on 10 September 2021, the Public Utilities Commission of the

--- Page 22 ---
22
Republic of Latvia, along with the Estonian Competition Authority, published a joint statement concluding that
allegations of NERC are unsubstantiated. Pursuant to the joint statement of Latvian and Estonian regulatory
authorities, the difference in electricity prices between Lithuanian and Latvian bidding zones that occurred
during the period of January-May 2021, was not caused by the methodology applied by the Company and AS
''Elering'' AS, the Estonian electricity transmission system operator, but was rather the result of such factors,
as capacity restrictions in Sweden, decreased generation capacity in the Baltic States, significant changes in
electricity flows on Lithuania – Poland interconnection and overall trends in the Nordic and Baltic electricity
markets. Both national regulators have confirmed in their joint statement that operations of the Company, as
well as of ''Elering'' AS, are compliant with the applicable EU Regulations.
Also, in September 2021 LITGRID AB has introduced new Methodology on cross-zonal capacity calculation
and allocation with third countries, aimed at preventing physical flow from Belarus to Lithuania of electricity
produced at Astravyets nuclear power plant. The Company, as well as ''Elering'' AS, has not supported
LITGRID AB approach to the respective methodology, because current transmission capacity solutions and
applicable regulation already provided sufficient safeguards against entry into electricity market of the Baltic
States of electricity produced at Astravyets nuclear power plant. However, the Company together with ''Elering''
AS updated the existing Methodology on cross-zonal capacity calculation and allocation with Russia aiming to
prevent potential overlapping of transmission capacity restriction and initiated public consultation with market
participants. Afterwards updated methodology will be submitted to the Public Utilities Commission and
Estonian competition authority. It is expected that national regulatory authorities of Latvia and Estonia should
provide their endorsement for the updated methodology in the nearest future.
Further discrepancies with LITGRID AB on the issue of transmission capacity calculation cannot be excluded,
carrying along potential reputational, legal and financial risks for the Company.
Furthermore, according to the Electricity Market Law (in Latvian – Elektroenerģijas tirgus likums) a possible
penalty for the breach of REMIT Regulation would be between EUR 300 and 10 percent of the Company's net
turnover of the previous financial year. This penalty can be imposed only by Public Utilities Commission of the
Republic of Latvia.
The Company's estimate for the risk of commencement of REMIT case on the basis of LITGRID AB claim is
low; however, the risk for further escalation of the situation by the Lithuanian side is medium.
Regulated company risk
In accordance with the Electricity Market Law (in Latvian – Elektroenerģijas tirgus likums) and pursuant to the
license issued by the Public Utilities Commission to the Company, the Company is the only transmission
system operator providing electricity transmission system services in the territory of Latvia, and is operating in
Latvia as a regulated company. Therefore, the Company's revenues are significantly dependent on the
transmission system tariffs. According to the Electricity Market Law (in Latvian – Elektroenerģijas tirgus likums)
and the law “On Regulators of Public Utilities” (in Latvian – likums “Par sabiedrisko pakalpojumu regulatoriem”)
transmission system tariffs are approved by the Public Utilities Commission. Draft tariffs are calculated and
evaluated in accordance with the Tariff Calculation Methodology for Electricity Transmission System Services
(in Latvian - Elektroenerģijas pārvades sistēmas pakalpojumu tarifu aprēķināšanas metodika), developed and
approved by the Public Utilities Commission. The calculation methodology is based on the revenue cap model.
The usual regulatory periods are 5 years consisting of 5 tariff periods. The calculation methodology foresees
the requirement for tariff to include only costs that are necessary for provision of efficient transmission services
and economically justified. Therefore, there is a risk that not all costs of the Company will be covered under
the tariff.
The calculation methodology also foresees the requirement for the Public Utilities Commission to evaluate the
level of regulated asset base and an obligation for the Company to use rate of return on capital that has been
approved by the Public Utilities Commission. Therefore, there is a risk that not all costs will be covered by such
regulated tariffs due to an unduly low regulatory asset base or because the rate of return on capital included
in the calculation of the transmission system service tariffs will not correspond to the market rate.

--- Page 23 ---
23
Also, there is a risk of material adverse effect on the Company due to delayed regulatory decisions by state
authorities or due to changes in the local or EU legislative environment governing relevant regulatory matters.
The electricity transmission system service tariffs are set by the Public Utilities Commission, inter alia, by
evaluating the submitted draft tariffs and requesting additional information substantiating the draft tariffs. The
total review and approval period of the tariff is 150 days, which can be extended in case of requesting additional
information.
Hence, the Company may not regulate its revenues flexibly enough to respond to changes in costs by changing
the prices of services provided, as a result of which the Company’s net sales may be affected. Given that the
calculation methodology does not provide for inclusion of financial costs in the tariff, the amount of return on
capital must be sufficient to effectively attract financing, as well as to cover financing. An insufficient rate of
return on capital may pose a threat to the ability to attract financing for the realization of capital investments,
burning of liabilities, creating liquidity risk. Thus, it is essential that the rate of return on capital set by the Public
Utilities Commission corresponds to the market situation, to ensure a proper return on assets.
The Company's estimate for the regulated market risk profile is medium.
Regulatory actions and investigations risk
Several authorities (such as the Public Utilities Commission, the State Audit Office, the Competition Council,
and the State Revenue Service) regularly perform investigations, examinations, inspections or audits of the
Company's business, including, but not limited to, certification requirements, payments, reporting, corporate
governance, etc. Any determination by the authorities that the Company have not acted in compliance with all
the applicable laws and regulations could have serious legal, reputational and financial consequences for the
Company, including exposure to fines, criminal and civil penalties and other damages, increased prudential
requirements or even business disruption in the respective fields.
International and national sanctions risk
Pursuant to the Law on International Sanctions and National Sanctions of the Republic of Latvia (in Latvian -
Starptautisko un Latvijas Republikas nacionālo sankciju likums) all persons, including the Company, have the
obligation to comply with and enforce the international and national sanctions. Failure to comply with Latvian
national sanctions or international sanctions (UN, EU, US) may have serious legal and reputational
consequences for the Group, including exposure to fines as well as criminal and civil penalties. To mitigate this
risk the Group has developed internal control system – a package of measures including activities to be taken
to ensure compliance with sanctions requirements.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) risk
Pursuant to the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (GDPR) the Company must adhere to
rules relating to the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data. Failure in
establishing and implementing appropriate technical and organizational measures to meet the data protection
requirements of the GDPR may have serious financial, legal and reputational consequences for the Company,
including exposure to fines and penalties.
Fraud risk
Notwithstanding all the detection and prevention activities implemented within the Company the aim to prevent
any corruptive, fraudulent, coercive or collusive practices on the part of the Company’s employees, board and
council members, and with respect to any transaction the Company is involved in, there is a risk of such
prohibited practices being performed. This could adversely affect the Company’s reputation, business and
financial position, as well as involve the Company in legal proceedings and disputes, including claims in relation
to actions by regulatory and supervisory institutions. To mitigate this risk Company has developed and
implemented fraud and corruption risk management rules.

--- Page 24 ---
24
Competition risk
Considering the historically existing transmission system service monopoly in Latvia, as established also by
the Electricity Market Law (in Latvian - Elektroenerģijas tirgus likums), in the Latvian transmission system
service market the Company has a dominant position within the meaning of the Competition Law (in Latvian –
Konkurences likums). If the Competition Council found violations of the Competition Law, this could have
serious legal, financial and reputational consequences for the Company. As at the date of this Base Prospectus
no violations of the Competition Law committed by the Company has been found by the Competition Council.
REMIT regulation risk
As the Company as transmission system operator operates in the wholesale energy market, there is a risk of
a potential breach of the European Parliament and Council Regulation No 1227/2011 on Wholesale Energy
Market Integrity and Transparency (REMIT), including a prohibition on market manipulation and a duty to
publish inside information as well as provide information to the regulator and the Agency for the Cooperation
of Energy Regulators. This could have serious legal, financial and reputational consequences for the
Company.
The Company's estimate for the regulatory actions and investigations risk profile is medium.
Changes in legislation
The Company is dependent on the legislative environment in the electricity market and on political and social
decisions, as well as in the EU. One of such initiatives is the European Green Deal, aimed at transforming the
EU into a fair and prosperous society, with a modern, resource-efficient and competitive economy where there
are no net emissions of greenhouse gases in 2050 and where economic growth is decoupled from resource
use. This will significantly change electricity market and availability of capacities for ancillary services, diverse
energy sources and therefore the Company as a backbone of electricity market will have to provide appropriate
technical and IT solutions for grid security and stability as well as availability of optimal transmission system
capacity and flexibility. This exposes the Company to additional costs that might negatively impact the
Company's financial situation.
The Company's estimate for pertaining to changes in legislation risk is low.
Financial Risks
Mandatory prepayment of the Company’s debt portfolio
The Company has a valid loan agreement with AS SEB banka (outstanding principal amount EUR 116.2
million). The loan agreement contains certain financial covenant clauses and other obligations and
representations, the violation of which could lead to an event of default and acceleration of repayment of the
loan.
While the Company has not breached such provisions in the past, its ability to comply with covenants and
restrictions contained in the loan agreements may be affected by events beyond its control, including prevailing
economic, financial, legal, and industry conditions. If these obligations were to be breached, the creditors
involved would be able to declare an event of default pursuant to the relevant loan agreements and require
prepayment of the entire outstanding loan amounts and redemption of the outstanding bonds. Due to the cross-
default clauses in the loan agreements, the Company might need to refinance a substantial part of its
outstanding debt. The ability to raise funding for the refinancing of bank and market debt or negotiate other
terms with existing lenders might be limited, thus causing significant going concern risk for the Company. The
Company has a policy for raising and managing borrowed funds to address the risk of mandatory prepayment
of the Company’s debt portfolio. The Company’s policy is, among other things, to maintain a common list of
covenants included in the loan agreements and bond documentation. Furthermore, financial covenants are
considered in the business planning process.
The Company’s estimate for the mandatory prepayment of the Company’s debt portfolio risk profile is medium.

--- Page 25 ---
25
Downgrade of the Company’s credit rating
A downgrade of the Company’s credit rating could increase costs of funding and/or reduce its access to funding
and could require the Company to provide additional security for contracts, which could increase the costs of
transactions.
In addition to a deterioration in the Company's own credit quality, the Company’s credit rating might be
downgraded if the credit rating of the Republic of Latvia is downgraded due to weaker macroeconomic
conditions or a change of the support assumptions provided by the Republic of Latvia.
The Company's estimate for downgrade of the Company’s credit rating risk profile is low.
Financing and refinancing risk
The Company will need to raise further debt from time to time in order, among other things:
 
to finance or refinance capital expenditures;
 
to refinance debt.
Therefore, the Company is exposed to financial and capital market risk resulting from mismatches between
the capital requirements of the Company and its access to capital. The ability of the Company to raise funding
may be influenced by, among other things, its own operating performance and general economic, financial,
legal and industry conditions. If these conditions deteriorate, there could be an adverse effect on the
Company’s ability to finance or refinance capital expenditures and/or to refinance its existing debt as and when
they are due. The Company has a strategy for raising and managing borrowed funds to address the funding
issues and financing risk.
The Group has a Financial Risk Management Policy in place to address refinancing risk. The Group’s policy
is, among other things, to diversify funding sources.
The Company's estimate for the financing and refinancing risk profile is low.
Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is related to the Company’s ability to meet its obligations within the set deadlines. In the case of
unpredictable cash flow fluctuations and short-term liquidity risk caused by operational risk, the Company
provides a reserve in the form of cash or credit.
The Company observes prudent liquidity risk management, ensuring constant monitoring of cash flow,
forecasting short-term and long-term cash flow, ensuring the availability of sufficient financial resources to
settle liabilities within the set deadlines.
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Company’s current liabilities exceed current assets, as current
liabilities include a loan agreement with AS SEB banka in the amount of EUR 116,200,000 with a maturity date
of 18 December 2021, which was arranged in order to refinance the loans (liabilities) assumed as a result of
merger with AS Latvijas elektriskie tīkli. The Company’s management has approved the Fundraising Strategy
for 2021–2025 pursuant to which the Company intends to refinance this loan in 2021. After refinancing, the
Company’s current assets will exceed current liabilities, and thus it does not pose a risk of going concern.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, an inability to cover funding costs through revenue streams could have a
material adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition, and results of operations or prospects,
which could impact the ability of the Company to meet its payment obligations under the Notes.
The Company's estimate for the liquidity risk profile is low.

--- Page 26 ---
26
Interest rate risk
The Group is subject to the interest rate risk which primarily arises from borrowings with variable interest rates.
There is a risk that an increase in interest rates may result in a significant increase in finance costs, thus
adversely affecting the financial position of the Group.
The Group's estimate for the interest rate risk profile is low.
Risk of decrease of investment value in AS Conexus Baltic Grid
The Company’s sole subsidiary, AS Conexus Baltic Grid, is the unified natural gas transmission and storage
operator in Latvia, managing natural gas storage facility – the Inčukalns underground gas storage facility, and
the main natural gas transmission system which directly connects the Latvian natural gas market with
Lithuania, Estonia and the North-West region of Russia. AS Conexus Baltic Grid offers its customers natural
gas transmission and storage services in accordance with the tariffs set by the Public Utilities Commission.
Although, a unified financial risk management policy is implemented within the Group which reduces the
potential negative impact of operational and financial risks on financial results, materialisation of certain
operational risks (macroeconomic, technical or other) or financial risks (liquidity, counterparty or other), as a
result of which AS Conexus Baltic Grid incurs losses, may have a negative impact on the Group's financial
results.
The Company's estimate for the risk of decrease of investment value in AS Conexus Baltic Grid is low.
Risks related to the Notes
Possibility to forfeit interest and principal amount invested
Should the Issuer become insolvent, legal protection proceedings or out-of-court legal protection proceedings
of the Issuer are initiated during the term of the Notes, an investor may forfeit interest payable on, and the
principal amount of, the Notes in whole or in part. An investor is always solely responsible for the economic
consequences of its investment decisions.
No guarantee or security
The Notes will not constitute an obligation of anyone other than the Issuer and they will not be guaranteed. No
one other than the Issuer will accept any liability whatsoever in respect of any failure by the Issuer to pay any
amount due under the Notes.
The Notes are unsecured debt instruments and the Noteholders would be unsecured creditors in the event of
the Issuer’s insolvency.
Claims cannot be enforced against the Issuer’s key assets
The Issuer holds a number of assets which under applicable laws of the Republic of Latvia can be owned only
by the Issuer. Pursuant to Section 20.1 (4) of the Energy Law (in Latvian - Enerģētikas likums) the infrastructure
objects of the electricity transmission system belonging the Issuer cannot be disposed or used as a collateral
for securing of loans or other liabilities. Because of their non-transferable nature, no claims, either on the
ground of the Notes or otherwise, can be enforced against these assets. Furthermore, in case of the Issuer’s
insolvency these assets will not be used for settling the creditors’ claims.
The Notes do not contain covenants governing the Issuer's operations and do not limit its ability to
merge or otherwise affect significant transactions that may have a material adverse effect on the Notes
and the Noteholders
The Notes do not contain provisions designed to protect the Noteholders from a reduction in the
creditworthiness of the Issuer. In particular, the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes do not, except for
the Change of Control (see Clause 14 the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes), restrict the Issuer’s

--- Page 27 ---
27
ability to increase or decrease its share capital, to enter into a merger or other significant transaction that could
materially alter its existence, jurisdiction of organization or regulatory regime and/or its composition and
business. In the event that the Issuer enters into such a transaction, Noteholders could be materially adversely
affected. Furthermore, the Change of Control condition does not restrict the current shareholder of the Issuer,
namely, the Republic of Latvia, from disposing any or all of its shareholdings, in case the law, which at the date
of this Base Prospectus restricts privatisation or alienation of the shares of the Issuer, is changed.
No limitation on issuing additional debt
The Issuer is not prohibited from issuing further debt. If the Issuer incurs significant additional debt of an
equivalent seniority with the Notes, it will increase the number of claims that would be equally entitled to receive
the proceeds, including those related to the Issuer’s possible insolvency. Further, any provision which confers,
purports to confer, or waives a right to create security interest in favour of third parties, such as a negative
pledge, is ineffective against third parties since: (i) it is an issue of a contractual arrangement only being binding
upon the parties to such contractual arrangement; (ii) there is no specific legislation in Latvia providing
beneficiaries of negative pledge undertakings or covenants with a preferred position vis-a-vis the claims of
third parties; and (iii) no registry or public record exists in Latvia through which negative pledge undertakings
or covenants could be filed to obtain a preferred position. Should the Issuer breach its obligations under such
undertakings and covenants and create a security interest in favour of a third party, such third party would
obtain a valid and enforceable security interest over the pledged asset.
In respect of any Notes issued as Green Bonds, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds
will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor. Any failure to use the net proceeds of any
Tranche of Notes issued as Green Bonds in connection with green projects, and/or any failure to meet,
or to continue to meet, the investment requirements of certain environmentally focused investors with
respect to such Green Bonds may affect the value and/or trading price of the Green Bonds, and/or may
have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green assets
The Issuer may issue Notes under the Base Prospectus where the use of proceeds is specified in the
applicable Final Terms to be for the financing and/or refinancing, in part or in full, Eligible Green Projects
providing distinct environmental benefits, in accordance with certain prescribed eligibility criteria set out in the
Issuer’s Green Bond Framework (as defined below) (any Notes which have such a specified use of proceeds
are referred to as “Green Bonds”).
In respect of any Notes issued as Green Bonds, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be
suitable for the investment criteria of an investor. The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes
may provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention to apply the proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically
for one or more Eligible Green Projects (as defined under the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework available on its
website from time to time (the “Green Bond Framework”)). Prospective investors should have regard to the
information set out on the Issuer’s website and must determine for themselves the relevance of such
information for the purpose of any investment in the Notes together with any other investigation such investor
deems necessary.
In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer that the use of such proceeds for any Eligible Green Projects
will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards
any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply,
whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules
or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability
or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Green Projects.
Furthermore, a basis for the determination of the definitions of “green” and “sustainable” has been established
in the EU with the publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the “Sustainable Finance Taxonomy
Regulation”) on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the ”EU Sustainable
Finance Taxonomy”). The EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy is subject to further development by way of the
implementation by the European Commission through delegated regulations of technical screening criteria for

--- Page 28 ---
28
the environmental objectives set out in the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation. While the intention is
that the applicable green projects would be in alignment with the relevant objectives for the EU Sustainable
Finance Taxonomy, until the technical screening criteria for such objectives have been developed it is not
known whether the Eligible Green Projects will satisfy those criteria. Accordingly, alignment with the EU
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy, once the technical screening criteria are established, is not certain.
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available
in connection with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any Eligible Green Projects to fulfil any
environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or
certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any
such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer or any other
person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. Any such opinion or certification is only current as of the date that
opinion was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such
opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or
certification for the purpose of any investment in such Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions and
certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight.
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Notes so specified for Eligible Green Projects
in, or substantially in, the manner described in this Base Prospectus, there can be no assurance that the
relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Projects will be capable of being
implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or accordance with any timing schedule and that
accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such Eligible Green Projects. None of the
Arranger or the Dealer will verify or monitor the proposed use of proceeds of the Notes issued under the Base
Prospectus. Nor can there be any assurance that such Eligible Green Projects will be completed within any
specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally
expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an Event of
Default under the Notes.
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Eligible Green Projects as
aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification attesting
that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is
opining or certifying on may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially the
value of any other Notes which are intended to finance Eligible Green Projects and/or result in adverse
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular
purpose.
Refinancing risk
The Issuer may be required to refinance certain or all of its outstanding debt, including the Notes. The Issuer’s
ability to successfully refinance its debt depends on the conditions of debt capital markets and its own financial
condition. The Issuer’s inability to refinance its debt obligations on favourable terms, or at all, could have a
negative impact on the Group’s operations, financial condition, earnings and on the Noteholders' recovery
under the Notes.
Since the Notes bear interest at a fixed interest rate, movements in market interest rates can adversely
affect the value of the Notes
The Notes bear interest on their outstanding principal amount at a fixed interest rate. A holder of a security
with a fixed interest rate is exposed to the risk that the value of such security could fall as a result of changes
in the market interest rate. While the nominal compensation rate of the Notes is fixed during the life of the
Notes, the current interest rate on the capital market (market interest rate) typically changes on a daily basis.
If the market interest rate increases, the value of a security such as the Notes typically falls, until the yield of
such security is approximately equal to the market interest rate. If the market interest rate falls, the value of a
security such as the Notes typically increases, until the yield of such a security is approximately equal to the

--- Page 29 ---
29
market interest rate. Consequently, Noteholders should be aware that movements of the market interest rate
can adversely affect the value of the Notes and can lead to losses for the Noteholders if they sell their Notes.
The market price of the Notes may be volatile
The market price of the Notes could be subject to significant fluctuations in response to actual or anticipated
variations in the Group's operating results and those of its competitors, adverse business developments,
changes to the regulatory environment in which the Group operates, changes in financial estimates by
securities analysts and the actual or expected sale of a large number of the Notes, as well as other factors. In
addition, in recent years the global financial markets have experienced significant price and volume
fluctuations, which, if repeated in the future, could adversely affect the market price of the Notes without regard
to the Group's results of operations, prospects or financial condition. Factors including increased competition
or the Group's operating results, the regulatory environment, general market conditions, natural disasters,
pandemics, terrorist attacks and war may have an adverse effect on the market price of the Notes.
An active market for the Notes may not develop
Although application(s) will be made for the Notes to be admitted to trading on Nasdaq Riga stock exchange,
there is no assurance that such application(s) will be accepted and the Notes will be admitted to trading. In
addition, admission of the Notes on a regulated market will not guarantee that a liquid public market for the
Notes will develop or, if such market develops, that it will be maintained, and neither the Issuer, nor the Arranger
or Dealer is under any obligation to maintain such market. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their
Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a
developed secondary market. A lack of liquidity may have a material adverse effect on the market value of the
Notes.
Exchange rate risk
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in EUR. This presents certain risks relating to currency
conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the
“Investor's Currency”) other than EUR. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change
(including changes due to devaluation of EUR or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that
authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify currency exchange controls.
An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to EUR would decrease the Investor's Currency-
equivalent: (i) yield on the Notes; (ii) value of the principal payable on the Notes; and (iii) market value of the 
Notes.
Credit ratings
The Issuer's credit ratings are an assessment by the relevant rating agency of its ability to pay its debts when
due. Consequently, real or anticipated changes in its credit ratings will generally affect the market value of the
Notes. One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. In case the
Notes are rated by credit rating agencies, such ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related
to the structure, market, additional factors discussed above, or other factors that may affect the value of the
Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn
by the rating agency at any time. Any adverse change in an applicable credit rating of the Issuer could
adversely affect the trading price of the Notes.
No assurance on change of laws or practices
The Notes are governed by the laws of the Republic of Latvia. Latvian laws (including but not limited to tax
laws) and regulations governing the Notes may change during the life of the Notes, and new judicial decisions
can be issued and/or new administrative practices may be adopted. No assurance can be given as to the
impact of any of such possible changes of laws or regulations, or new judicial decision or administrative
practice taking place after the date of this Base Prospectus. Hence, such change may have a material adverse
effect on the Issuer’s business, financial condition, results of operations and/or future prospects and, thereby,

--- Page 30 ---
30
the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes, as well as taxation of the Notes, and the market price
of the Notes. Such events may also result in material financial losses or damage to the Noteholders.
Redemption prior to maturity
The Notes are redeemable at the Issuer's option at a price equal to the nominal amount of the Notes together
with the accrued interest (as more fully set out in Clauses 9.3 and 9.4 of the General Terms and Conditions of
the Notes). The Notes are also redeemable due to tax reasons at a price equal to the nominal amount of the
Notes together with the accrued interest (as more fully set out in Clause 11 of the General Terms and
Conditions of the Notes). In addition, the Notes are redeemable on the occurrence of a Change of Control at
a price equal to the nominal amount of the Notes together with the accrued interest (as more fully set out in in
Clause 14 of the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes). Furthermore, if 75 (seventy-five) per-cent or
more in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding have been redeemed based on a Change of Control,
the Issuer is entitled to redeem the remaining Notes at a price equal to the nominal amount of the Notes
together with the accrued interest.
It is possible that the Notes are redeemed at a time when the prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. In
such circumstances an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security
at an effective interest rate as high as that of the Notes. It is further possible that the Issuer will not have
sufficient funds at the time of the occurrence of a Change of Control to make the required redemption of Notes.
No voting rights
Only the shareholder of the Issuer has voting rights in the shareholders’ meetings of the Issuer. The Notes
carry no such voting rights. Consequently, the Noteholders cannot influence any decisions by the Issuer’s
shareholder concerning, for instance, the capital structure of the Issuer.
Amendments to the Notes bind all Noteholders
The General Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for Noteholders to consider matters
affecting their interests generally. The decisions of Noteholders (including amendments to the General Terms
and Conditions of the Notes), subject to defined majorities requirements, will be binding to all Noteholders,
including Noteholders who did not vote and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. This
may cause financial losses, among other things, to all Noteholders, including the Noteholders who did not vote
and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority.
Certain material interests
The Arranger and the Dealer have engaged in, and may in the future engage in, investment banking and/or
commercial banking or other services provided to the Group in the ordinary course of business. Therefore,
conflicts of interest may exist or may arise as a result of the Arranger’s or the Dealer’s current or future
engagement in transactions with other parties, having multiple roles or carrying out other transactions for third
parties with conflicting interests.
Risks relating to the clearing and settlement in the Depository’s book-entry system
The Notes will be affiliated to the account-based system of the Depository, and no physical notes will be issued.
Clearing and settlement relating to the Notes will be carried out within the Depository's book-entry system as
well as payment of interest and repayment of the principal. Investors are therefore dependent on the
functionality of the Depository's account-based system.

--- Page 31 ---
31
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES
1. 
Principal amount and issuance of the Notes
1.1. 
Under this first programme for the issuance of notes (the “Programme”) the Issuer may issue notes up
to an aggregate principal amount of EUR 160,000,000 (one hundred sixty million euro) (the “Notes”).
1.2. 
The Notes shall be issued in series (the “Series”).
1.3. 
Each Series may comprise one or more tranches of Notes (the “Tranches”). The Notes of each Tranche
will all be subject to identical terms, except that the Issue Dates (as defined below) and the Issue Prices
(as defined below) thereof may be different in respect of different Tranches.
1.4. 
In order to identify each Series and Tranches, the Final Terms (as defined below) shall stipulate a serial
number of the respective Series and a serial number of the respective Tranche.
1.5. 
The terms and conditions of each Tranche shall consist of these general terms and conditions of the
Notes (the “General Terms and Conditions”) and the final terms (the “Final Terms”). The General
Terms and Conditions shall apply to each Tranche.
1.6. 
Each Final Terms will be approved by the Management Board of the Issuer, published on the Issuer’s
website www.ast.lv and submitted to the Financial and Capital Market Commission, which will forward
them to the Bank of Lithuania (in Lithuanian - Lietuvos Bankas).
1.7. 
The aggregate principal amount of a Tranche shall be specified in the Final Terms.
1.8. 
The nominal amount of each Note shall be specified in the Final Terms.
1.9. 
The Notes will be offered for subscription for a minimum investment amount EUR 100,000 (one hundred
thousand euro) (the “Minimum Investment Amount”).
2. 
Form of the Notes and ISIN
2.1. 
The Notes are freely transferable non-convertible debt securities, which contain payment obligations of
the Issuer towards the holders of the Notes (the “Noteholders”).
2.2. 
The Notes are dematerialized debt securities in bearer form which are disposable without any
restrictions and can be pledged. However, the Notes cannot be offered, sold, resold, transferred or
delivered in such countries or jurisdictions or otherwise in such circumstances in which it would be
unlawful or require measures other than those required under Latvian laws, including the United States,
Australia, Japan, Canada, Hong Kong, South Africa, Singapore and certain other jurisdictions. In
addition, the Noteholders are prohibited to resell, transfer or deliver the Notes to any person in a manner
that would constitute a public offer of securities.
2.3. 
The Notes shall be book-entered with Nasdaq CSD SE (registration number: 40003242879, legal
address: Vaļņu 1, Riga, LV-1050, Latvia) (the “Depository”).
2.4. 
A separate ISIN will be assigned to each Series, which will be different from ISIN of other Series.
2.5. 
Before commencement of the offering of the Notes of the first Tranche of each Series, the Depository
upon request of the Issuer will assign ISIN to the respective Series. Where a further Tranche is issued,
which is intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche at any point after the Issue Date of
the existing Tranche, a temporary ISIN may be assigned to the Notes of such further Tranche, which is
different from ISIN assigned to the relevant Series, until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and
form a single Series.
2.6. 
ISIN of the respective Series and a temporary ISIN of the respective Tranche, if applicable, will be
specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 32 ---
32
3. 
Status and security
The Notes constitute direct, unsecured and unguaranteed obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu
without any preference among each other and with all other unsecured, unguaranteed and
unsubordinated indebtedness of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred by mandatory
provisions of law.
4. 
Currency of the Notes
The Notes will be issued in EUR.
5. 
Issue price and yield
5.1. 
The Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or a premium to their nominal amount
(the “Issue Price”). The Issue Price shall be determined by the Issuer and specified in the Final Terms.
5.2. 
The yield of each Tranche set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated as of the relevant Issue
Date on an annual basis using the relevant Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.
6. 
Underwriting
None of the Tranches will be underwritten.
7. 
Issue date
The issue date of each Tranche (the “Issue Date”) shall be specified in the Final Terms.
8. 
Interest
8.1. 
The Notes shall bear interest at a fixed annual interest rate (the “Interest Rate”) which shall be
determined by the Issuer and specified in the Final Terms.
8.2. 
The interest on the Notes will be paid annually on the dates specified in the Final Terms (“Interest
Payment Date”) until the Maturity Date (as defined below) and will be calculated on the aggregate
outstanding principal amount of the Notes of the respective Series.
8.3. 
Interest shall accrue for each interest period from and including the first day of the interest period to (but
excluding) the last day of the interest period on the principal amount of the Notes of the respective Series
outstanding from time to time. The first interest period commences on the Issue Date and ends on a day
preceding the first Interest Payment Date (the “First Interest Period”). Each consecutive interest period
begins on the previous Interest Payment Date and ends on a day preceding the following Interest
Payment Date. The last interest period ends on the Maturity Date (as defined below).
8.4. 
Interest in respect of the Notes will be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed in
the relevant interest period divided by 365 (or, in the case of a leap year, 366), i.e. a day count convention
Act/Act (ICMA) will be used.
8.5. 
When interest is required to be calculated in respect of a period of less than a full year (other than in
respect of the First Interest Period) it shall be calculated on the basis of (i) the actual number of days in
the period from and including the date from which interest begins to accrue (the “Accrual Date”) to but
excluding the date on which it falls due, divided by (ii) the actual number of days from and including the
Accrual Date to, but excluding the next following Interest Payment Date.
8.6. 
Interest on the Notes shall be paid through the Depository in accordance with the applicable rules of the
Depository. The Noteholders list eligible to receive the interest on the Notes will be fixed at the end of
the 5th (fifth) Business Day immediately preceding the Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 33 ---
33
8.7. 
Should any Interest Payment Date fall on a date which is not a Business Day, the payment of the interest
due will be postponed to the next Business Day. The postponement of the payment date shall not have
an impact on the amount payable.
“Business Day” means a day on which the Depository system is open and operational.
9. 
 Redemption
9.1. 
The Notes shall be redeemed in full at their nominal amount on the date which will be specified in the
Final Terms (the “Maturity Date”), unless the Issuer has redeemed the Notes in accordance with
Clauses 9.3 and 9.4, Clause 14 (Change of control) or Clause 16 (Events of Default) below or in case
the Noteholders, upon proposal of the Issuer, pursuant to Clause 22 (Decisions of the Noteholders) have
decided that the Notes shall be redeemed prior to the Maturity Date.
9.2. 
Each Series of Notes may have a maturity up to 10 (ten) years.
9.3. 
The Issuer may redeem each Series of Notes, in whole but not in part, at any time during the period
commencing on the first Business Day falling 3 (three) months prior to the Maturity Date (such Business
Day included) and ending on the Maturity Date (the Maturity Date excluded) (the “Voluntary
Redemption Period”), at an amount equal to 100 (one hundred) per-cent of their nominal amount
together with any accrued but unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of voluntary redemption (the
“Voluntary Redemption Date”).
9.4. 
Redemption in accordance with Clause 9.3 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than 30 (thirty)
but no more than 60 (sixty) calendar days’ irrevocable notice specifying the Voluntary Redemption Date,
which shall be a Business Day within the Voluntary Redemption Period, to the Noteholders in
accordance with Clause 20 (Notices).
9.5. 
The principal of the Notes shall be paid through the Depository in accordance with the applicable rules
of the Depository. The Noteholders list eligible to receive the principal of the Notes will be fixed at the
end of the Business Day immediately preceding the payment of the principal of the Notes.
9.6. 
Should the payment date fall on a date which is not a Business Day, the payment of the amount due will
be postponed to the next Business Day. The postponement of the payment date shall not have an impact
on the amount payable.
10. 
Taxation
All payments in respect of the Notes by the Issuer shall be made without withholding or deduction for,
or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever
nature (“Taxes”), unless the withholding or deduction of the Taxes is required by the laws of the Republic
of Latvia. In such case, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the
Noteholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been received by them
had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be
payable in respect of any Note held by or on behalf of a Noteholder which is liable to such Taxes in
respect of such Note by reason of its having some connection with the Republic of Latvia other than the
mere holding of the Note.
11. 
Redemption for tax reasons
11.1. The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time on giving
30 (thirty) but no more than 60 (sixty) calendar days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders at an amount
equal to 100 (one hundred) per-cent of their nominal amount together with any accrued but unpaid
interest to, but excluding, the date of redemption, if:
(i) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in
Clause 10 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the
Republic of Latvia or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to

--- Page 34 ---
34
tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first Tranche of the
Notes; and 
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it,
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 (ninety) days prior
to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment
in respect of the Notes were then due.
11.2. Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Clause 11, the Issuer shall obtain an
opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will
become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment.
11.3. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Clause 11, the Issuer shall be bound to
redeem the Notes in accordance with this Clause 11.
12. 
Placement of the Notes
12.1. Initially the Notes of the respective Tranche will be book-entered in the distribution account of the Dealer
with the Depository.
12.2. The placement period for each Tranche (the “Placement Period”) will be specified in the Final Terms.
The Issuer may decide on shortening or lengthening the Placement Period.
12.3. The investors wishing to purchase the Notes shall submit their orders to the Dealer to purchase the
Notes (the “Purchase Orders”) at any time during the Placement Period.
12.4. Total amount of the Notes to be purchased and provided in each Purchase Order shall be no less than
the Minimum Investment Amount.
12.5. Purchase Orders by the same legal entity or person will be aggregated into one if all order parameters
(except the purchase amount) are the same.
12.6. All Purchase Orders are binding and irrevocable commitment to acquire the allotted Notes.
12.7. On the same Business Day following the Placement Period the Issuer will decide whether to proceed
with the issuance of the Notes of a respective Tranche or cancel the issuance. In case the issuance of
the Notes of a respective Tranche is cancelled, the Issuer will publish an announcement on the Issuer’s
website www.ast.lv.
12.8. The Issuer in consultation with the Dealer will decide on allotment of the Notes to the investors. The
Issuer reserves a right to reject any Purchase Order, in whole or in part, at its sole discretion without an
obligation to provide any explanations to the investors.
12.9. The Dealer shall send to each investor by way of e-mail or through Bloomberg system a confirmation
which will contain information on the extent of satisfaction or rejection of the Purchase Order submitted
by the investor, the number of Notes allotted to the investor and the amount (price) payable for the
Notes.
12.10. The settlement for the Notes will take place on the Issue Date and will be carried out by the Dealer in
accordance with the DVP (Delivery vs Payment) principle pursuant to the applicable rules of the
Depository.
12.11. All paid up Notes shall be treated as issued. The Notes which are not paid up shall be cancelled.
12.12. Information about the placement results of the Notes will be published on the Issuer’s website www.ast.lv
within 1(one) Business Day following the Placement Period.

--- Page 35 ---
35
13. 
Admission to trading
13.1. The Issuer shall submit an application regarding inclusion of each Tranche in the Baltic Bond List of
akciju sabiedrība “Nasdaq Riga”, registration number: 40003167049, legal address: Vaļņu 1, Riga, LV-
1050, Latvia (“Nasdaq Riga”). An application shall be prepared according to the requirements of Nasdaq
Riga and shall be submitted to Nasdaq Riga within 3 (three) months after the Issue Date of the respective
Tranche.
13.2. The Issuer shall use its best efforts to ensure that the Notes remain listed in the Baltic Bond List of
Nasdaq Riga or, if such listing is not possible, to obtain or maintain, listed or traded on another regulated
market. The Issuer shall, following a listing or admission to trading, take all reasonable actions on its
part required as a result of such listing or trading of the Notes.
13.3. The Issuer will cover all costs which are related to the admission of the Notes to the relevant regulated
market.
14. 
Change of control
14.1. If at any time while any Note remains outstanding: (i) there occurs a Change of Control (as defined
below), and (ii) within the Change of Control Period (as defined below), a Rating Event (as defined
below) in respect of that Change of Control occurs (such Change of Control and Rating Event not having
been cured prior to the expiry of the Change of Control Period, together, a “Change of Control Put
Event”), each Noteholder will have the option (the “Change of Control Put Option”) (unless, prior to
the giving of the Change of Control Put Event Notice (as defined below), the Issuer gives notice to
redeem the Notes according to Clauses 9.3 and 9.4) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer’s
option, to procure the purchase of, all or part of its Notes, on the Optional Redemption Date (as defined
below) at an amount equal to 100 (one hundred) per-cent of their nominal amount together with any
accrued but unpaid interest to, but excluding, the Optional Redemption Date.
A “Change of Control” shall be deemed to have occurred if at any time following the Issue Date of the
first Tranche of the Notes, the Republic of Latvia ceases to own, directly or indirectly, at least 51 (fifty-
one) per-cent of the issued share capital of the Issuer or ceases to have the power, directly or indirectly,
to cast, or control the casting of, at least 51 (fifty-one) per-cent of the maximum number of votes that
might be casted at a Shareholders’ Meeting of the Issuer.
“Change of Control Period” means the period beginning on the date of the first public announcement
by or on behalf of the Issuer by any bidder or any designated advisor, of the relevant Change of Control
and ending 90 (ninety) days after completion of the relevant Change of Control.
A “Rating Event” shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control if (within the
Change of Control Period) either:
(i) 
(A) the rating previously assigned to the Issuer by any Rating Agency solicited by the Issuer is (x)
withdrawn or (y) changed from an investment grade rating (BBB-/Baa3 or its equivalent for the
time being, or better) to a non-investment grade rating (BB+/Ba1 or its equivalent for the time
being, or worse) or (z) (if the rating previously assigned to the Issuer by any Rating Agency
solicited by the Issuer was below an investment grade rating (as described above)), lowered by at
least one full rating notch (for example, from BB+ to BB, or their respective equivalents) and (B)
such rating is not subsequently upgraded (in the case of a downgrade) or reinstated (in the case
of a withdrawal) within the Change of Control Period either to an investment grade credit rating (in
the case of (x) and (y)) or to its earlier credit rating or better (in the case of (z)) by such Rating
Agency; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has not been previously assigned a credit rating solicited by the Issuer, and no Rating
Agency assigns the Issuer an investment grade rating solicited by the Issuer within the Change of
Control Period;

--- Page 36 ---
36
provided that the Rating Agency making the reduction in rating or deciding not to assign an investment
grade rating announces or publicly confirms or, having been so requested by the Issuer, informs the
Issuer in writing that the lowering or failure to assign an investment grade rating was the result, in whole
or in part, of any event or circumstance comprised in or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the
applicable Change of Control (whether or not the applicable Change of Control shall have occurred at
the time of the Rating Event).
“Rating Agency” means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Moody’s Investor Services or Fitch
Ratings Ireland Limited, or any of their affiliates.
14.2. Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Change of Control Put Event has occurred, the Issuer
shall give notice (a “Change of Control Put Event Notice”) to the Noteholders in accordance with
Clause 20 (Notices) specifying the nature of the Change of Control Put Event and the circumstances
giving rise to it, and the procedure for exercising the Change of Control Put Option.
14.3. To exercise the Change of Control Put Option, a Noteholder within the period (the “Change of Control
Put Period”) of 45 (forty-five) days after a Change of Control Put Event Notice is given must provide to
the Issuer in writing a notice on exercise of the Change of Control Put Option (a “Change of Control
Put Option Notice”).
14.4. A Change of Control Put Option Notice once given shall be irrevocable. The Issuer shall redeem or, at
the option of the Issuer procure the purchase of, the Notes in respect of which the Change of Control
Put Option has been validly exercised as provided above by the date which is the 5th (fifth) Business
Day following the end of the Change of Control Put Period (the “Optional Redemption Date”).
14.5. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no responsibility for any cost or loss of whatever kind
(including breakage costs) which the Noteholder may incur as a result of or in connection with such
Noteholder’s exercise or purported exercise of, or otherwise in connection with, any Change of Control
Put Option (whether as a result of any purchase or redemption arising therefrom or otherwise).
14.6. If 75 (seventy-five) per-cent or more in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding have been
redeemed pursuant to this Clause 14, the Issuer may, on not less than 30 (thirty) nor more than 60
(sixty) days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 20 (Notices) given within
30 (thirty) days after the Optional Redemption Date, redeem on a date to be specified in such notice at
its option, all (but not some only) of the remaining Notes at 100 (one hundred) per-cent of their nominal
amount, together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date of redemption.
15. 
Negative pledge
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its Material
Subsidiaries create or permit to subsist mortgage, pledge or any other security interest (each a “Security
Interest”), other than a Permitted Security Interest, upon the whole or any part of its present or future
business, undertaking, assets or revenues to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or Guarantee of
Relevant Indebtedness without (a) at the same time or prior thereto securing the Notes equally and
rateably therewith, or (b) providing such other security for the Notes or other arrangement (weather or
not it includes the granting of a security) as may be approved by the Noteholders pursuant to Clause 22
(Decisions of the Noteholders).
“Subsidiary” means a company:
(i) 
whose affairs and policies the Issuer controls or has the power to control, whether by ownership
of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the governing body or
otherwise; or 
(ii) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the Issuer.

--- Page 37 ---
37
“Material Subsidiary” means at any time any Subsidiary:
(i) 
whose total consolidated (or, if applicable, unconsolidated) assets (excluding intercompany loans,
intercompany payables, intercompany receivables and intercompany unrealised gains and losses
in inventories) represent not less than 10 (ten) per-cent of the total consolidated assets of the
Issuer, or whose gross consolidated EBITDA (or, if applicable, unconsolidated) represents not
less than 10 (ten) per-cent of the gross consolidated EBITDA of the Issuer, in each case as
determined by reference to the most recent publicly available annual or interim financial
statements of the Issuer prepared in accordance with IFRS and the latest financial statements of
the Subsidiary determined in accordance with IFRS; or 
(ii) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially all of the assets and undertakings of a Subsidiary
which, immediately prior to such transfer, is a Material Subsidiary.
“EBITDA” means (i) the consolidated operating profit of the Group or (ii) in the case of a Material
Subsidiary, the consolidated or unconsolidated operating profit of such Material Subsidiary, in the case
of both (i) and (ii) before taking into account:
(a)
depreciation and amortisation; 
(b)
finance income and finance costs; 
(c)
revaluation of property, plant and equipment, and investment property; 
(d)
impairment of property, plant and equipment;
(e) 
current year income tax expense and deferred income tax (expense)/benefit; 
(f) 
any revaluation of non-current assets; and 
(g) 
exceptional items, as defined by IFRS or separately identified as such within the most recent
publicly available annual or interim financial statements of the Issuer or the relevant Material
Subsidiary (as the case may be), prepared in accordance with IFRS.
“Group” means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time.
“IFRS” means the International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union.
“Permitted Security Interest” means any Security Interest created over any asset of any company
which becomes a Subsidiary after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes, where such Security
Interest is created prior to the date on which the company becomes a Subsidiary, provided that:
(i)
such Security Interest was not created in contemplation of the acquisition of such company; and 
(ii) 
the principal amount secured was not increased in contemplation of or since the acquisition (or
proposed acquisition) of that company.
“Indebtedness” means any indebtedness (whether principal, premium, interest or other amounts) in
respect of any bonds, notes or other debt securities or borrowed money by the Issuer or any of its
Subsidiaries (other than from the Issuer to any of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries and from any of the
Issuer’s wholly-owned Subsidiaries to the Issuer or to another wholly-owned Subsidiary).
“Relevant Indebtedness” means any Indebtedness which is in the form of, or represented by any bond,
note or other debt security which is, or is capable of being, quoted, listed or traded on any stock
exchange or in any securities market (including, without limitation, any over-the-counter market).
“Guarantee” means, in relation to any Indebtedness, any obligation to pay such Indebtedness including
(without limitation):

--- Page 38 ---
38
(i)
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(ii) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to purchase
assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such Indebtedness; 
(iii)
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Indebtedness; and 
(iv) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness.
16. 
Events of Default
16.1. If an Event of Default (as defined below) occurs, any Noteholder may by written notice to the Issuer
declare any Note held by it and the interest accrued on such Note to be prematurely due and payable
at the earliest on the 10th (tenth) Business Day from the date such notice was received by the Issuer,
provided that an Event of Default is continuing on the date of receipt of the notice by the Issuer and on
the early repayment date (the “Early Repayment Date”). Interest on such Note accrues until the Early
Repayment Date (excluding the Early Repayment Date).
16.2. The Issuer shall notify the Noteholders about the occurrence of an Event of Default (and the steps, if
any, taken to remedy it) in accordance with Clause 20 (Notices) promptly upon becoming aware of its
occurrence.
16.3. Each of the following events shall constitute an event of default (an “Event of Default”):
(i)
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes on the due
date for payment thereof or fails to pay any amount of interest in respect of the Notes on the due
date for payment thereof and the default continues for a period of 5 (five) days in the case of
principal and for a period of 14 (fourteen) days in the case of interest;
(ii)
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of its
other obligations in respect of the Notes, and such default is not capable of remedy or remains
unremedied for at least 30 (thirty) days after written notice thereof, addressed to the Issuer by any
Noteholder, has been received by the Issuer;
(iii)
Cross-default:
(a) 
any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is not paid when due or
(as the case may be) within any originally applicable grace period; 
(b) 
any such Indebtedness becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity otherwise
than at the option of the Issuer or (as the case may be) the relevant Material Subsidiary or
(provided that no event of default, howsoever described, has occurred) any person
entitled to such Indebtedness; 
(c) 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries fails to pay when due any amount payable by
it under any Guarantee of any Indebtedness; 
provided that the amount of Indebtedness referred to in sub-paragraph (a) and/or sub-paragraph
(b) above and/or the amount payable under any Guarantee referred to in sub-paragraph (c) above
individually or in the aggregate exceeds EUR 20,000,000 (twenty million euro) (or its equivalent
in any other currency or currencies);
(iv)
Security enforced: a secured party enforces a security over the whole or any substantial part of
the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries; 
(v)
Cessation of business: the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries cease to carry on its current
business in its entirety or a substantial part thereof, other than:

--- Page 39 ---
39
(a) 
pursuant to any sale, disposal, demerger, amalgamation, reorganization or restructuring or
any cessation of business in each case on a solvent basis and within the Group; or
(b) 
for the purposes of, or pursuant to any terms approved by the Noteholders in accordance
with Clause 22 (Decisions of the Noteholders); 
(vi)
Liquidation: an effective resolution is passed for the liquidation of the Issuer or any of its Material
Subsidiaries other than, in case of a Material Subsidiary:
(a) 
pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganization or restructuring in each case within the
Group; or 
(b) 
for the purposes of, or pursuant to any terms approved by the Noteholders in accordance
with Clause 22 (Decisions of the Noteholders); 
(vii)
Insolvency:
(a) 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is declared insolvent or bankrupt by a court of
competent jurisdictions or admits inability to pay its debts; or
(b) 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries enters into any arrangement with at least 75
(seventy-five) per-cent of its creditors by value in relation to restructuring of its debts or any
meeting is convened to consider a proposal for such arrangement; or 
(c) 
an application to initiate insolvency, restructuring (including proceedings such as legal
protection proceedings and out-of-court legal protection proceedings) or administration of
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries or any other proceedings for the settlement of
the debt of the Issuer or of any of its Material Subsidiaries is submitted to the court by the
Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries.
16.4. In case of the Issuer’s liquidation or insolvency the Noteholders shall have a right to receive payment of
the outstanding principal amount of the Notes and the interest accrued on the Notes according to the
relevant laws governing liquidation or insolvency of the Issuer.
17. 
Further Issues
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of and notice to the Noteholders, create and issue
further Notes whether such further Notes form a single Series with already issued Notes or not. For the
avoidance of doubt, this Clause 17 shall not limit the Issuer's right to issue any other notes.
18. 
Purchases
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase the Notes in any manner and at any price
in the secondary market. Such Notes may be held, resold or surrendered by the purchaser through the
Issuer for cancellation. Notes held by or for the account of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries for their
own account will not carry the right to vote at the Noteholders’ Meetings or within Written Procedures
and will not be taken into account in determining how many Notes are outstanding for the purposes of
these General Terms and Conditions.
19. 
Time bar
In case any payment under the Notes has not been claimed by the respective Noteholder entitled to this
payment within 10 (ten) years from the original due date thereof, the right to such payment shall be
forfeited by the Noteholder and the Issuer shall be permanently released from such payment.
20. 
Notices
Noteholders shall be advised of matters relating to the Notes by a notice published in English and Latvian
in the Central Storage of Regulated Information, on the website of Nasdaq Riga and on the Issuer’s

--- Page 40 ---
40
website www.ast.lv. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been received by the Noteholders when
published in the manner specified in this Clause 20.
21. 
Representation of the Noteholders
The rights of the Noteholders to establish and/or authorize an organization/person to represent interests
of all or a part of the Noteholders are not contemplated, however, such rights are not restricted. The
Noteholders should cover all costs/fees of such representative(s) by themselves.
22. 
Decisions of the Noteholders
22.1. General provisions
(i) 
The decisions of the Noteholders (including decisions on agreement with the Issuer on
amendments to these General Terms and Conditions or the Final Terms of the Tranches of the
relevant Series or granting of consent or waiver) shall be passed at a meeting of the Noteholders
(the “Noteholders’ Meeting”) or in writing without convening the Noteholders’ Meeting (the
“Written Procedure”) at the choice of the Issuer. However, the Issuer shall have a right to amend
the technical procedures relating to the Notes in respect of payments or other similar matters
without the consent of the Noteholders, if such amendments are not prejudicial to the interests of
the Noteholders.
(ii) 
The Issuer shall have a right to convene the Noteholders’ Meeting or instigate the Written
Procedure at any time and shall do so following a written request from the Noteholders who, on
the day of the request, represent not less than one-tenth of the principal amount of the Notes
outstanding or the principal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series outstanding (as applicable)
(excluding the Issuer and its Subsidiaries).
(iii) 
In case convening of the Noteholders’ Meeting or instigation of the Written Procedure is requested
by the Noteholders, the Issuer shall be obliged to convene the Noteholders’ Meeting or instigate
the Written Procedure within 1 (one) month after receipt of the respective Noteholders’ written
request.
(iv) 
Only those who were registered as the Noteholders by the end of the 6th (sixth) Business Day
prior to the date of the Noteholders’ Meeting or the first date when the Noteholder must reply to
the request pursuant to the Written Procedure or proxies authorised by such Noteholders, may
exercise their voting rights at the Noteholders’ Meeting or in the Written Procedure.
(v) 
Quorum at the Noteholders’ Meeting or in respect of the Written Procedure only exists if one or
more Noteholders holding 50 (fifty) per-cent in aggregate or more of the principal amount of the
Notes outstanding or the principal amount of the Notes of relevant Series outstanding (as
applicable):
(a)
if at the Noteholders’ Meeting, attend the meeting; or 
(b) 
if in respect of the Written Procedure, reply to the request.
(vi) 
If the Issuer and/or its Subsidiaries are the Noteholders, their principal amount of the Notes will
be excluded when a quorum is calculated.
(vii) 
If quorum does not exist at the Noteholders’ Meeting or in respect of the Written Procedure, the
Issuer shall convene a second Noteholders’ Meeting (in accordance with Clause 22.2) or instigate
a second Written Procedure (in accordance with Clause 22.3), as the case may be. The quorum
requirement in paragraph (iv) above shall not apply to such second Noteholders’ Meeting or
Written Procedure, except for exclusion of Issuer and its Subsidiaries from calculation of a
quorum.

--- Page 41 ---
41
(viii) Consent of the Noteholders holding at least 75 (seventy-five) per-cent of the aggregate principal
amount of the outstanding Notes attending the Noteholders’ Meeting or participating in the Written
Procedure (i.e. replying to the request) is required for agreement with the Issuer to amend Clause
3 (Status and security), Clause 14 (Change of control), Clause 15 (Negative pledge), Clause 16
(Events of Default), Clause 22 (Decisions of the Noteholders) or Clause 23 (Governing law and
dispute resolution).
(ix) 
Consent of at least 75 (seventy-five) per-cent of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding
Notes of the respective Series attending the Noteholders’ Meeting or participating in the Written
Procedure (i.e. replying to the request) is required for the following decisions:
(a) 
agreement with the Issuer to change the date, or the method of determining the date, for
the payment of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the relevant Series, to
reduce or cancel the amount of principal, interest or any other amount payable on any date
in respect of the relevant Series or to change the method of calculating the amount of
interest or any other amount payable on any date in respect of the relevant Series;
(b)
agreement with the Issuer to change the currency of the relevant Series;
(c) 
agreement with the Issuer on any exchange or substitution of the Notes of relevant Series
for, or the conversion of the Notes of relevant Series into, any other obligations or securities
of the Issuer or any other person; 
(d) 
in connection with any exchange, substitution or conversion of the type referred to in
paragraph (c) agreement with the Issuer to amend any of the provisions of the relevant
Series describing circumstances in which the relevant Series may be redeemed or declared
due and payable prior to their scheduled maturity.
(x) 
Consent of simple majority of all Noteholders or the Noteholders of the respective Series (as
applicable) attending the Noteholders’ Meeting or participating in the Written Procedure (i.e.
replying to the request) is required to the decisions not covered in paragraph (viii) or (ix) above
(as applicable).
(xi) 
The Issuer shall have a right to increase the aggregate principal amount of the Notes to be issued
under the Programme without the consent of the Noteholders.
(xii) 
Information about decisions taken at the Noteholders’ Meeting or by way of the Written Procedure
shall promptly be provided to the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 20 (Notices), provided
that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any decision made or voting result achieved.
(xiii) Decisions passed at the Noteholders’ Meeting or in the Written Procedure shall be binding on all
Noteholders irrespective of whether they participated at the Noteholders' Meeting or in the Written
Procedure.
(xiv) All expenses in relation to the convening and holding the Noteholders' Meeting or a Written
Procedure shall be covered by the Issuer.
22.2. Noteholders’ Meetings
(i) 
If a decision of the Noteholders is intended to be passed at the Noteholders’ Meeting, then a
respective notice of the Noteholders’ Meeting shall be provided to the Noteholders in accordance
with Clause 20 (Notices) no later than 10 (ten) Business Days prior to the meeting. Furthermore,
the notice shall specify the time, place and agenda of the meeting, as well as any action required
on the part of the Noteholders that will attend the meeting. No matters other than those referred
to in the notice may be resolved at the Noteholders’ Meeting.
(ii) 
The Noteholders’ Meeting shall be held physically in Riga, Latvia. At the choice of the Issuer the
Noteholders’ Meeting can be held also remotely by use of a videoconference platform.

--- Page 42 ---
42
Requirements for the identification of the Noteholders at the Noteholders’ Meeting that is held
remotely will be set by the Issuer and communicated upon convening the Noteholders’ Meeting.
(iii) 
The Noteholders’ Meeting shall be organised by the chairman of the Noteholders’ Meeting, who
will be the Issuer’s representative appointed by the Issuer.
(iv) 
The Noteholders’ Meeting shall be held in English with translation into Latvian, unless the
Noteholders present in the respective Noteholders’ Meeting unanimously decide that the
respective Noteholders’ Meeting shall be held only in Latvian or English.
(v) 
Representatives of the Issuer and persons authorised to act for the Issuer may attend and speak
at the Noteholders’ Meeting.
(vi) 
Minutes of the Noteholders’ Meeting shall be kept, recording the day and time of the meeting,
attendees, their votes represented, matters discussed, results of voting, and resolutions which
were adopted. The minutes shall be signed by the keeper of the minutes, which shall be appointed
by the Noteholders’ Meeting. The minutes shall be attested by the chairman of the Noteholders’
Meeting, if the chairman is not the keeper of the minutes, as well as by one of the persons
appointed by the Noteholders’ Meeting to attest the minutes. The minutes from the relevant
Noteholders’ Meeting shall at the request of a Noteholder be sent to it by the Issuer.
22.3. Written Procedure
(i) 
If a decision of the Noteholders is intended to be passed by the Written Procedure then a
respective communication of the Written Procedure shall be provided to the Noteholders in
accordance with Clause 20 (Notices).
(ii) 
Communication in paragraph (i) above shall include:
(a)
each request for a decision by the Noteholders; 
(b)
a description of the reasons for each request; 
(c) 
a specification of the Business Day on which a person must be registered as a Noteholder
in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights; 
(d) 
instructions and directions on where to receive a form for replying to the request (such form
to include an option to vote “yes” or “no” for each request), as well as a form of a power of
attorney; and
(e) 
the stipulated time period within which the Noteholder must reply to the request (such time
period to last at least 10 (ten) Business Days from the communication pursuant to
paragraph (i) above) and a manner of a reply.
(iii) 
When the requisite majority consents pursuant to paragraphs (viii), (ix) or (x) (as applicable) of
Clause 22.1 have been received in a Written Procedure, the relevant decision shall be deemed
to be adopted pursuant to paragraphs (viii), (ix) or (x) (as applicable) of Clause 22.1 even if the
time period for replies in the Written Procedure has not yet expired.
23. 
Governing law and dispute resolution
23.1. The Notes are governed by the laws of the Republic of Latvia.
23.2. Any disputes relating to or arising in relation to the Notes shall be settled solely by the courts of the
Republic of Latvia of competent jurisdiction.

--- Page 43 ---
43
FORM OF FINAL TERMS
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the
Base Prospectus
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO RETAIL INVESTORS IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes,
a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1)
of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) ("MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU)
2016/97 (as amended or superseded), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs
Regulation.
MiFID II Product Governance / Eligible Counterparties and Professional Clients Only Target Market
Solely for the purposes of [the] [each] manufacturer['s][s'] product approval process, the target market
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [specify further target market
criteria] [specify negative target market, if applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or
recommending the Notes (a “Distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s][s'] target market
assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s][s'] target market
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.
Final Terms dated [●]
Akciju sabiedrība "Augstsprieguma tīkls"
Legal entity identifier (LEI): [●]
Issue of [●] Notes due [●]
under the First Programme for the Issuance of Notes in the Amount of up to EUR 160,000,000
[to be consolidated and form a single series with [●]]
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the General Terms and
Conditions set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 21 September 2021 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation] (the “Base
Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”).
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the
offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base
Prospectus.
The Base Prospectus has been published on the Issuer’s website www.ast.lv.
A summary of the individual issue is annexed to these Final Terms.
1. 
Issuer:
Akciju sabiedrība "Augstsprieguma tīkls"
2. 
Series Number:
[●]

--- Page 44 ---
44
3. 
Tranche Number:
[●]
4. 
ISIN:
[[●]]/[Temporary ISIN: [●]. Upon admission of the Notes to the
regulated market the Notes will be consolidated and form a single
series with [●] and will have a common ISIN [●]]
5. 
Aggregate principal amount:
[EUR [●] [in addition to [●]]]
6. 
Nominal amount of the Note: 
EUR [●]
7. 
Issue Date:
[●]
8. 
Annual Interest Rate:
[●]
9. 
Interest Payment Date:
[●] each year
10. 
Maturity Date:
[●]
11. 
Minimum Investment Amount: 
[●]
12. 
Issue Price:
[●]
13. 
Yield:
[●]
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue
Price. It is not an indication of future yield
14. 
Placement Period:
[●]
15. 
Rating:
the Notes to be issued [are not/have been/are expected to be]
rated [by:[●]]
16. 
Use of Proceeds:
[General Corporate Purposes]/[Green Bonds].
17. 
Information 
about 
the
securities of the Issuer that
are 
already 
admitted 
to
trading:
[●]
These Final Terms have been approved by the Management Board of the Issuer at its meeting on [date].
[place], [date]
[●]

--- Page 45 ---
45
USE OF PROCEEDS
The net proceeds from the issue of each Series of Notes will, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final
Terms, be used by the Issuer as follows:
(i) 
where “General Corporate Purposes” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, for its general corporate
purposes; or
(ii) 
where “Green Bonds” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will apply an amount
equivalent to the net proceeds from such issue of Notes specifically to finance or refinance, in part or in
full, Eligible Green Projects providing distinct environmental benefits, as set out in the Green Bond
Framework available on the Issuer's website www.ast.lv.

--- Page 46 ---
46
INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP
General information
The legal and commercial name of the Company is akciju sabiedrība “Augstsprieguma tīkls”. The Company is
a public limited company (akciju sabiedrība) incorporated pursuant to the laws of the Republic of Latvia on 13
November 2004. The Company is registered with the Commercial Register of the Republic of Latvia and
operates according to the legislation of the Republic of Latvia. All the shares of the Company are owned by
the Republic of Latvia and held by the Ministry of Finance of the Republic of Latvia.
Basic information
Registration number:
40003575567
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 64883LC3F12690GATG87
Registered address:
Dārzciema iela 86, Riga, LV-1073, Latvia
Website:
www.ast.lv
Telephone number:
+371 67 728 353
E-mail:
ast@ast.lv
The information on the Company’s website www.ast.lv does not form part of the Base Prospectus, other than
the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework, which is available on the Company’s website www.ast.lv and is
incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus and forms a part of the Base Prospectus.
History and development of the Group
The Company's history dates back eight decades, since the Ķegums hydropower plant - the first hydropower
plant on the Daugava River – was launched and the first high voltage line to Riga started operating in 1939.
From 1945-1960 power lines destroyed by war were gradually renewed with construction of new substations
and lines underway. During the period the Company serviced 765 km of 110/88 kV lines and 16 substations
with 32 transformers with a total capacity of 324.6 MVA. Construction of the first 330 kV power line started
from the Baltic State Region Power Plant (Estonia) to Riga and Šiauliai (Lithuania), with the distribution in
Salaspils (Latvia).
From 1960-1970 energy system of Belarus connected for parallel operation to the North-western energy
system union. All high voltage lines were transferred to 110 kV voltage and norms and tolerances were
elaborated for the acceptance of 330 kV lines.
From 1970-2000 reconstruction and renovation works were carried out on the transmission and distributions
systems in order to improve capacity, efficiency and safety. The Baltic Energy System Dispatchers Centre was
established, providing for management and coordination of parallel operation of the Baltic energy systems as
well as operational management of the transmission network.
Until 2011 the Company operated as part of AS Latvenergo group of companies which is the largest electricity
and thermal energy generation and distribution group in Latvia. All shares of AS Latvenergo, the ultimate parent
company of AS Latvenergo group of companies, are owned by the Republic of Latvia and held by the Ministry
of Economics of the Republic of Latvia.
In 2011-2012, the Parliament of the Republic of Latvia adopted amendments to the Electricity Market Law (in
Latvian - Elektroenerģijas tirgus likums) including the order for establishing an independent transmission
system operator. For the purpose of fulfilling the requirements of legal and functional unbundling of
transmission system ownership from generation, distribution and supply activities, AS Latvijas elektriskie tīkli,
a subsidiary of AS Latvenergo, was established as the owner of the electricity transmission system assets,

--- Page 47 ---
47
and the shares of the Company as the transmission system operator was sold to the Republic of Latvia,
represented by the Ministry of Finance.
In 2013, the Public Utilities Commission approved the Company as an independent transmission system
operator. Thereafter, during 2013-2019 trade area of Latvia was opened in the Baltic electricity market and
NordPool next day electricity market ELSPOT started operating in Latvia. The Company took over the
transmission system operation and maintenance functions as well as the transmission system development,
construction of new networks, reconstruction and renewal of the existing networks from AS Latvijas elektriskie
tīkli.
On 8 October 2019, the Cabinet of Ministers of the Republic of Latvia decided to support full unbundling of
ownership of the electricity transmission system operator, and, therefore, in 2020, the transmission system
asset owner AS Latvijas elektriskie tīkli was separated from AS Latvenergo group of companies. All shares of
AS Latvijas elektriskie tīkli AS were transferred to the Ministry of Finance of the Republic of Latvia and
subsequently invested in the share capital of the Company.
By separating electricity management from generation and distribution, both in Latvia and in Europe, system
operators were given the opportunity to develop, restricting historical energy monopolies and freeing up the
way for competition both locally and on a European scale.
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Company is the parent company of the Group. The Group includes
AS Conexus Baltic Grid, in which the Company holds 68.46 per-cent of the shares. In 2020, the Group also
included AS Latvijas elektriskie tīkli which has ceased operations due to reorganization as a result of which it
was merged into the Company.
There have not been any recent material events that would be relevant for assessing solvency of the Company
and the Group.
The Group's strategy
As a result of acquiring a decisive influence in AS Conexus Baltic Grid, as well as reorganisation of AS Latvijas
elektriskie tīkli in 2020, the Group has developed its strategy for 2021-2025.
The Group’s strategy defines the strategic operational and financial goals and main development tasks of the
Group. By implementing the strategy and at the same time adhering to the principles of sustainability, the
Group contributes to satisfying the needs of society, provide continuous safe and sustainable effective energy
supply.
After evaluating challenges in the external environment and the strong position of the Group, the following
strategic goals were identiﬁed:
 
Energy security – synchronisation and integration with the European transmission networks, including
the electricity and ancillary services markets;
 
Quality energy supply – innovation-orientated high-quality energy supply at the lowest possible tariff;
 
Sustainable and efficient management – continuous efficiency improvement, modern and transparent
management.
Energy security
On 22 May 2019, the Company signed the Agreement on the Conditions for a Future Synchronous
Interconnection of the Power System of the Baltic States and the Power System of Continental Europe. As a
result of the synchronization of the Baltic electricity networks with the continental European networks, the
sustainable development of the electricity transmission system will be ensured, and preconditions for
strengthening Latvia's energy security will be provided.

--- Page 48 ---
48
Ensuring the fulfilment of the goal, by mid-2021 such large-scale capital investment projects as the construction
of 330 kV power transmission line the Kurzeme Ring (in Latvian – Kurzemes Loks) and the Estonia-Latvia
interconnection were completed. EUR 226 million in total has been invested in following projects:
 
the Kurzemes Ring 3rd Stage (EUR 128 million);
 
CHP-2 (in Latvian – TEC-2)  – Riga HPP (in Latvian – Rīgas HES)  transmission line (EUR 15 million);
 
3rd Latvia – Estonia transmission connection (EUR 83 million).
In addition to the above, it is anticipated to implement large-scale capital investment projects in the total amount
of EUR 177 million by 2025 aimed at strengthening the 330 kV interconnection Tartu (Estonia) - Valmiera
(Latvia) and Tsirgulina (Estonia) - Valmiera (Latvia) throughput by installing system synchronization and inertia
equipment.
EU co-financing from the Connecting Europe Facility structural funds has been attracted for both the projects
completed by mid-2021 and projects aimed to be completed by 2025.
Since the beginning of 2018 a common Baltic balancing market platform maintained by the Company has been
introduced in the Baltic States which provides common Baltic energy market balancing reserves, the
functioning of the exchange of frequency restoration reserve with manual activation, and balancing energy
exchanges with the Nordic and Polish balancing energy markets. During 2021-2025 measures relating to
connection to the synchronous operation of the continental European electricity network are expected to be
taken, which require development and implementation of frequency containment and automatic frequency
restoration procedures.
Quality energy supply
The Company as an independent transmission system operator in the Republic of Latvia is engaged in
providing services of the electric power transmission network and ensuring the balancing and stability within
the transmission network.
In 2020, the Company provided users in Latvia with the necessary electricity by transmitting 5 961 MWh of
electricity.
In 2020, the average transmission service availability index (ASAI) in the amount of 99.74 (target ≥99.5%) was
provided, and the average electricity supply interruption duration index (CAIDI) in 2020 was 0.54h (target
≤0.9h).
In addition to capital investment projects related to synchronization with continental Europe, projects have
been implemented for the renovation and reconstruction of substations and power transmission lines, thus
ensuring the quality of service and continuity of energy supply. In 2020, EUR 14 million have been invested in
the mentioned projects. In the following years it is planned to invest an average of EUR 20 – 25 million per
year.
In 2020, the reform of the ownership of the assets of the electricity transmission system was completed by
which the assets of the transmission system (with the equity value of EUR 643 million) were transferred to the
ownership of the Company as the transmission operator. This step significantly improved the Company's
operational efficiency, provided cost savings in the tariff (2 per-cent decrease), as well as had a positive impact
on financial stability.
Sustainable and efficient management
To ensure the development of the Company, the Company's representatives, understanding the essential role
of innovation in ensuring successful operation, actively participate in the work of the ENTSO-E Research,
Development, and Innovation Committee. Within the ENTSO-E Research, Development and Innovation
Committee, activities are carried out, which are aimed at changing existing electricity systems to achieve the

--- Page 49 ---
49
goals set by the EU. The Company participates in research and innovation projects co-financed under the
support of the Framework Programme Horizon 2020:
 
“European system with effectively coordinated use of flexibility to integrate more RES” project, the aim
of which is to develop a roadmap for the integration of various load management and demand
response services in the European electricity market;
 
“TSO-SSO-end-user interconnection to promote innovative network services for an efficient energy
system” project, the aim of which is to develop a single pan-European IT architecture that will connect
various electricity market platforms, involving all participants in the European electricity supply chain,
and ensure the coordinated use of ancillary services by transmission and distribution system
operators;
 
“TSO-SSO-end-user interconnection to promote innovative network services for an efficient energy
system – One Network for Europe” project, the aim of which is to develop a single pan-European IT
architecture that will connect various electricity market platforms, involving all participants in the
European electricity supply chain, and create synergies of activities, as well as ensure the coordinated
use of ancillary services by transmission and distribution system operators for efficient joint electricity
management, thereby ensuring efficient overall electricity management and supporting the integration
of renewable energy sources and the stability of the European electricity system.
Taking into account the existing experience, in 2020 the process of digital transformation was started –
integration of digital technologies in all business directions and operational processes.
The European Green Course includes unprecedented changes in energy and society through the
implementation of a wide range of renewable energy sources, the development of innovative low-carbon
technologies, further electrification with new forms of electricity and the integration of different energy systems
(including transport, heating, gas). The Company, together with other European transmission system
operators, supports the European Commission's strategy to achieve a climate-neutral, resilient and innovative
energy system in the EU.
The Latvian National Energy and Climate Plan for 2021-2030 confirms the objective of achieving the share of
renewable energy resources in electricity production of more than 60 per-cent by 2030, as well as the task of
implementing a large cross-border wind farm construction project by 2030.
The Company’s development projects in the areas of transmission network infrastructure, system management
and market development are aimed at creating the capacity of the energy system to integrate large-scale
renewable energy sources into the energy system, as well as promoting electrification.

--- Page 50 ---
50
INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP’S BUSINESS OPERATIONS
All shares of the Company are owned by the state and their holder is the Ministry of Finance of the Republic
of Latvia.
 As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group’s structure consists of a group of commercial companies in
which the Company as the parent company has a decisive influence, and which includes the subsidiary AS
Conexus Baltic Grid.
The structure of the Group is organised in two operating segments:

electricity transmission; and 
 
transmission and storage of natural gas.
The division in the Group’s operating segments is made on the basis of the Group's internal organisational
structure which forms the basis for monitoring and control of the segment's performance.
The information set out in the table below has been extracted (without any material adjustment) from and is
qualified by reference to and should be read in conjunction with the Financial Statements.
Group
Company
Six months
ended 30
June
Year ended 31 December
Six months
ended 30
June
Year ended 31 December
2021
2020
2019
2021
2020
2019
Revenue
Electricity
Transmission
€ thousand
50 905
123 421
-
50 905
147 348
184 742
Gas transmission
€ thousand
18 450
12 528
-
-
-
Gas Storage
€ thousand
10 998
8 886
-
-
-
EBITDA
Electricity
Transmission
€ thousand
23 005
44 812
-
23 005
43 366
40 515
Gas transmission
€ thousand
12 472
6 394
-
-
-
Gas Storage
€ thousand
6 821
4 867
-
-
-
Segment Net Profit
Electricity
Transmission
€ thousand
5 519
13 871
-
5 519
9 606
2 966
Gas transmission
€ thousand
6 008
2 268
-
-
-
Gas Storage
€ thousand
2 130
1 893
-
-
-
Assets
Electricity
Transmission
€ thousand
787 826
771 131
-
787 826
771 131
221 875
Gas transmission
€ thousand
229 723
232 042
-
-
-
Gas Storage
€ thousand
210 149
205 886
-
-
-
Electricity transmission segment
According to the Electricity Market Law (in Latvian – Elektroenerģijas tirgus likums) and pursuant to the license
issued by the Public Utilities Commission, the Company is the only electricity transmission system operator in
Latvia, and its licence area is the entire territory of Latvia.
According to the Energy Law (in Latvian - Enerģētikas likums), electricity transmission is a regulated sector.
The activities of the electricity transmission system operator are regulated by the Public Utilities Commission
under the guidance of its Supervisory Board.

--- Page 51 ---
51
Electricity transmission is carried out by the transmission system operator through a transmission system that
includes interconnected networks and equipment, including cross-border connections, with a voltage of 110
kilovolts or more, that are used for transmission to the relevant distribution system or users.
During 2020, 5961 GWh were transmitted to users, which is 1 per-cent less compared to 2019 (6 012 GWh).
The impact of the reduction in the amount of electricity transmitted to consumers on the revenues from the
provision of transmission services is insignificant. In the first half of 2021, the Company transmitted to its
customers in Latvia 3 087 GWh of electricity, which is 6 per-cent more than it was in the first half of 2020 (2
926 GWh).
The total electricity consumption in Latvia in 2020 was 7 135 GWh, and, compared to 2019, where the total
electricity consumption in Latvia was 7 297 GWh, it decreased by 2.2 per-cent.  In 2020, 5 509 GWh or 77.2
per-cent of the total electricity consumption was provided by locally generated electricity, which is a decrease
of 7.46 percentage points compared to 2019, when locally generated electricity provided was 6 179 GWh or
84.7 per-cent of the electricity consumption in Latvia. Accordingly, net electricity import for consumption in 2020
was 1 626 GWh or 22.8 per-cent of the total electricity consumption, compared to 2019, when net electricity
import for consumption was 1 118 GWh or 15.3 per-cent of the total electricity consumption.
The net turnover of the Company in 2020 was EUR 147.3 million, including revenue from electricity
transmission network services of EUR 73.4 million, compared to the Company’s net turnover EUR 184.7 million
in 2019, where the revenue from electricity transmission network services was EUR 72.8 million. The
Company’s profit for this segment in 2020 was EUR 9.6 million, compared to the Company’s profit for this
segment EUR 3.0 million in 2019.
In first half of 2021, net turnover of the Company was EUR 50.9 million, including revenue from electricity
transmission network services in the amount of EUR 38.2 million, which accounts for 75 per-cent of the total
segment turnover. The Company’s profit for the electricity transmission segment in the first half of 2021 was
EUR 5.5 million. Changes in turnover and profit are related to the reorganisation of the Company and its asset
ownership.
Since electricity transmission is a regulated sector, the Company's financial performance indicators and
economic performance are dependent on the activities of the Public Utilities Commission which determines
the Company's allowable profit and the rate of return on capital by approving the tariffs for electricity
transmission system services.
Natural gas transmission and storage segment
Considering the Company’s investment in AS Conexus Baltic Grid, the Latvian natural gas transmission and
storage system operator, important direction of the Group's operations is the sustainable management of
strategically important energy supply assets and their integration into the EU internal energy market.
AS Conexus Baltic Grid is the unified natural gas transmission and storage operator in Latvia, managing the
Inčukalns underground gas storage facility and the main natural gas transmission system directly connecting
the Latvian natural gas market with Lithuania, Estonia and the North-West region of Russia.
AS Conexus Baltic Grid offers its customers natural gas transmission and storage services in accordance with
the tariffs set by the Public Utilities Commission.
AS Conexus Baltic Grid was established on 22 December 2016 as a result of the reorganisation, separating
the transmission and storage business lines from AS Latvijas Gāze.
In August - December 2020, the total net turnover of the natural gas transmission and storage segment was
EUR 21.4 million, while the profit – EUR 4.2 million. Revenues of the natural gas storage and transmission
segment in the second half of 2020 were EUR 12.5 million, and of the natural gas storage segment – EUR 8.9
million.

--- Page 52 ---
52
In the first half of 2021, the total turnover of the segments was EUR 29.4 million, and profit was EUR 8.1 million.
Natural gas transmission’s turnover was EUR 18.5 million and gas storage turnover was EUR 11.0 million.
During this period, turnover was positively affected by lower air temperatures than it was during the
corresponding months of 2020, resulting in higher demand from consumers for gas for heating purposes.
Natural gas transmission and storage is a regulated operating segment. Revenues of the transmission
segment are calculated in accordance with the methodology, return on capital approved by the Public Utilities
Commission.
Investments
The Group’s operations are capital intensive and require significant investments. In accordance with the
Electricity Market Law (in Latvian - Elektroenerģijas tirgus likums), the Company as the electricity transmission
system operator, is responsible for the development, investment planning and implementation of the electricity
transmission system. Until the acquisition of ownership of the electricity transmission system assets in 2020,
the Company planned and implemented investments in the transmission system owned by AS Latvijas
elektriskie tīkli in accordance with the transmission system asset lease agreement entered into between the
Company and AS Latvijas elektriskie tīkli. The information set out in the table below shows amount of the
investments made in the electricity transmission system assets during the six months period ended 30 June
2021 and in 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019 and 2020.
Six months
ended 30
June
Year ended 31 December
2021
2020
2019
2018
2017
2016
Investments in electricity
transmission assets
€ million
11.6
66.6
85.7
85.8
62.7
25.2
Planned investments
On 20 October 2020, the Public Utilities Commission approved the development plan of the electricity
transmission system developed by the Company for the period from 2021 to 2030.
The 2021-2030 development plan has been developed in accordance with Company’s strategic goal –
strengthening Latvia's energy security by synchronising the Latvian electricity transmission network with the
continental European network, observing compliance with the principles of security and cost-effectiveness.
The 2021-2030 development plan determines the development of the transmission system and the necessary
financial investments in the transmission infrastructure for the next 10 years, envisaging the investment of EUR
405 million in the development of the electricity transmission system, including EU co-financing of EUR 177
million and EUR 37 million revenue from congestion charges. Both of the above sources of capital investment
financing, which together account for 53 per-cent of the planned investments over the next 10 years, reduce
the impact of realised capital investments on the electricity transmission tariff, as assets financed from EU co-
financing or congestion fee revenues are not included in the calculation of electricity transmission tariffs.
In order to minimise the impact of the planned capital investments on electricity transmission tariffs, the
Company has successfully attracted EU co-financing for projects of common European interest included in the
2021-2030 development plan, including:
 
The third 330 kV interconnection between Estonia and Latvia – attracted EU co-financing of EUR 51
million, forming 65 per-cent of eligible costs;
 
The project “Synchronisation of the Baltic Power System with the Trans-European Network, Phase 1”
– attracted EU co-financing of EUR 58 million, forming 75 per-cent of eligible costs;
 
The project “Synchronisation of the Baltic Electricity Transmission System with the European Network,
Phase 2” – in 2020 EU co-financing of EUR 56 million has been attracted for urgent projects under

--- Page 53 ---
53
“Synchronisation of the Baltic Electricity Transmission System with the European Network, Phase 2”,
forming 75 per-cent of the eligible costs.
The information set out in the table below shows break down the planned investments according to the
Company’s 2021-2030 development plan.
Period between 2021 and 2030
Substations
€ million
74.7
Replacement of transformers
€ million
37.2
Overhead lines
€ million
80.1
Synchronization phase 1
€ million
76.5
Synchronization phase 2
€ million
99.5
Cable lines
€ million
0.5
EE-LV Connection
€ million
0.5
Other measures
€ million
36.0
The Company has developed and on 28 June 2021 submitted for consideration to the Public Utilities
Commission the electricity transmission system development plan for 2022 – 2031, the total amount of
investments is planned to be 402 million EUR.
Financing
Until the acquisition of the ownership rights of the transmission system assets in 2020, the financing necessary
for the realization of capital investments was provided by the previous owner of the transmission assets, AS
Latvijas elektriskie tīkli.
With the investment of the shares of AS Latvijas elektriskie tīkli into the share capital of the Company on 15
June 2020, the Company undertook to provide funds in an amount sufficient to meet existing obligations,
finance capital investments and ensure daily cash flow.
At the time of the investment, the total liabilities of AS Latvijas elektriskie tīkli to AS Latvenergo amounted to
EUR 225.2 million, of which EUR 138.5 million were repaid, attracting short-term financing from AS SEB banka
in the amount of EUR 116.2 million with the maturity date 18 December 2021 and the Company’s freely
available funds of EUR 22.3 million. The Company repaid the remaining part of the loan to AS Latvenergo in
the amount of EUR 86.7 in July 2021.
In 2020, overdrafts were attracted to provide liquidity with a limit of EUR 20 million. As of the date of this Base
Prospectus, the overdraft limit has not been used. The available term of overdraft expires in 2023.
Thus, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Company’s gross debt is EUR 136,2 million with the following
debt maturity schedule:
2021
2022
2023
Debt repayment
€ million
116.20
Overdraft
€ million
20
Dividend policy
The Company’s dividends policy is based on the Regulation No. 806 of the Cabinet of Ministers of the Republic
of Latvia “Procedure by which State Capital Companies and Public Private Capital Companies in which the
State is a participant (shareholder) forecasts and determines the share of profit of dividends and makes
payments to the State Budget for the use of State Capital” (in Latvian – Kārtība, kādā valsts kapitālsabiedrības
un publiski privātās kapitālsabiedrības, kurās valsts ir dalībnieks (akcionārs), prognozē un nosaka dividendēs

--- Page 54 ---
54
izmaksājamo peļņas daļu un veic maksājumus valsts budžetā par valsts kapitāla izmantošanu), dated of 22
December 2015, and the Group’s strategy for 2021-2025.
On the basis of the Group’s strategy for 2021-2025, in 2022 the Company envisages to pay in dividends 50
per-cent of the Company’s profit for the previous reporting year, and in the following years thereafter
(commencing with 2023) – 80 per-cent of the Company’s profit for each previous reporting year.
.

--- Page 55 ---
55
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group comprises the Company and one subsidiary AS Conexus
Baltic Grid, where the Company owns 68.46 per-cent of shares.
The Company is also a shareholder (1.9 per-cent) in Pirmais Slēgtais Pensiju Fonds AS (Latvia), a company
which is engaged in the management of retirement contributions on behalf of the Company's employees.

--- Page 56 ---
56
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES
In accordance with the Commercial Law (in Latvian – Komerclikums), the Law on the Management of Public
Persons’ Capital Shares and Capital Companies (in Latvian - Publiskas personas kapitāla daļu un
kapitālsabiedrību pārvaldības likums) and the Financial Instruments Market Law (in Latvian – Finanšu
instrument tirgus likums), the Company has the following corporate governance structure:

Shareholder;
 
Supervisory Board and
 
Management Board.
Pursuant to the Articles of Association of the Company, an Audit Committee shall be established within the
Company.  As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Company has not established the Audit Committee. The
Audit Committee will be elected in the next Shareholders’ Meeting of the Company which will take place
following the date of this Base Prospectus.
Shareholder
100 per-cent of the shares of the Company are owned by the State and held by the Ministry of Finance of the
Republic of Latvia.
The interests of the shareholder are represented at the Shareholder Meeting by the State Secretary of the
Ministry of Finance or his/her authorised delegate.
Shareholders’ Meetings are convened in accordance with the requirements and timelines stipulated by the
Law on the Management of Public Persons’ Capital Shares and Capital Companies (in Latvian - Publiskas
personas kapitāla daļu un kapitālsabiedrību pārvaldības likums) and the Commercial law (in Latvian –
Komerclikums). The Shareholders’ Meeting represents the shareholder interests, rights and obligations. The
State Secretary of the Ministry of Finance of the Republic of Latvia or his/her authorised representative is the
sole shareholder representative in the Shareholders’ Meetings.
Main responsibilities of the shareholder's meeting are:
 
Approval of the annual report and decision on the use of last year's profit;
 
Approval of the Articles of the Association and amendments therein;

Election and removal of the Supervisory Board;
 
Decision-making regarding the increase or reduction of the share capital;
 
Election of an auditor.
Supervisory Board
The Supervisory Board of the Company participates in the strategic development of the Company and
supervises its finance and risk management system. The key principles for the operation of the Supervisory
Board of the Company and its main tasks, duties, and responsibilities, are governed by laws, the Articles of
Association of the Company, and the by-laws of the Supervisory Board of the Company.
The principal duties of the Supervisory Board of the Company include:
 
Approval of the medium-term operational strategy of the Company;
 
Continuous supervision of the activities of the Management Board of the Company;

--- Page 57 ---
57
 
Election, dismissal and approval of remuneration of the members of the Management Board of the
Company; and
 
Monitoring the compliance of the Company’s operations with applicable law, the Articles of Association
of the Company and the decisions of the Shareholders’ Meeting of the Company.
The current Supervisory Board of the Company is composed of five members. As of the date of this Base
Prospectus the members of the Supervisory Board of the Company are:
 
Kaspars Āboliņš – Chairman of the Supervisory Board;
 
Olga Bogdanova – Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board;
 
Armands Eberhards – Member of the Supervisory Board;
 
Madara Melne – Member of the Supervisory Board (independent member);
 
Aigars Ģērmanis – Member of the Supervisory Board (independent member).
The business address of each member of the Company’s Supervisory Board is Dārzciema iela 86, Riga, LV-
1073, Latvia.
Audit Committee
Upon election, the Audit Committee will operate under the Commercial Law (in Latvian – Komerclikums), the
Financial Instruments Market Law (in Latvian – Finanšu instrument tirgus likums) and the Regulations of the
Audit Committee approved by the shareholder of the Company.
The principal duties of the Audit Committee will be to supervise the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control, risk management and the Company's Internal Audit Department as far as it concerns the reliability and
objectivity of the annual reports and consolidated annual reports, as well as make proposals to address the
deficiencies of the relevant system.
The Audit Committee will consist of three members elected by the Shareholders’ Meeting, of whom at least
one shall be a member of the Supervisory Board of the Company. The Audit Committee will be chaired by its
chairperson, elected by the members of the Audit Committee from amongst themselves.
The Audit Committee will report its assessments and findings to the Supervisory Board at least once a year.
No restrictions will be imposed on the Audit Committee’s actions, and the representatives of the Company will
ensure the availability of all necessary information to the Audit Committee.
The business address of each member of the Company’s Audit Committee will be Dārzciema iela 86, Riga,
LV-1073, Latvia.
Management Board
All members of the Management Board of the Company are involved in the daily operations of the Company.
Their principal duties include:
 
Management and representation of the Company;
 
Responsibility for the commercial activities of the Company and for compliance with accounting
legislation;
 
Management of the Company’s property;
 
Implementing the strategic direction of the Group, its development plans, goals and policies.

--- Page 58 ---
58
The Management Board and the Supervisory Board of the Company are jointly liable for compliance with all
binding laws and regulations, execution of the decisions of the Shareholders’ Meeting and the Supervisory
Board of the Company, and the financial performance of the Group.
As per the Articles of Association of the Company, the Management Board of the Company shall consist of ﬁve
members who should be elected by the Supervisory Board for a term of five years based on an evaluation of
necessary competences, experience and expected field of responsibility. The Supervisory Board of the
Company also appoints one of the members of the Management Board as a Chairman of the Management
Board of the Company.
As of the date of this Base Prospectus the Management Board of the Company consists of five members of
the Management Board of the Company:
 
Ms. Gunta Jēkabsone - Chairperson of the Management Board, responsible for business planning
and controlling, treasury, accounting, risk management and insurance, corporate strategy,
international affairs and corporate social responsibility, communication, human resource
management, compliance control, technical inspection, environment and occupational health and
safety;
 
Mr. Imants Zviedris - Member of the Management Board, responsible for the technical policies, as
well as technical operation;
 
Mr. Gatis Junghāns - Member of the Management Board, responsible for system operation and
market;
 
Mr. Mārcis Kauliņš - Member of the Management Board, responsible for dealing with judicial and
procurement issues;
 
Mr. Arnis Daugulis - Member of the Management Board, responsible for managing IT&T,
development and research.
The business address of each member of the Company’s Management Board is Dārzciema iela 86, Riga, LV-
1073, Latvia.
Conflict of interest
In accordance with the Law on Prevention of Conflict of Interest in the Activities of Public Officials (in Latvian
– Likums “Par interešu konflikta novēršanu valsts amatpersonu darbībā”), all members of the management
boards and the supervisory boards of state-owned companies have the status of state officials.
As such, all Management Board and Supervisory Board members of the Company and its fully owned
subsidiaries in Latvia are state officials and subject to detailed requirements of this law. The law permits them
to combine their office of public official only with activities which are indicated by the law as compatible (e.g.,
offices in a trade union, association or similar organisation, teaching, scientific and creative work) in order to
prevent personal or material interest in their activity as a state official. In accordance with the law, all state
officials are obliged to submit an annual declaration of interest.
The Company is not aware of any conflicts of interest or potential conflicts of interest between the Company
duties of the members of the Management Board and Supervisory Board and their private interests and/or
their other duties.
Employees
As of 30 June 2021, the Group had 887 employees, the Company – 522 of whom 85 per-cent were men and
15 per-cent women. The average age of the employees was 46 years. The strategy of the Group focuses on
strengthening competitiveness and maximising efficiency.

--- Page 59 ---
59
The opinions of all employees of the Company on issues pertaining to the Collective Bargaining Agreement
are represented by trade union Enerģija. The Collective Bargaining Agreement executed by the Company
provides additional guarantees for all employees of the Company, regardless of their trade union membership,
thus ensuring equal economic and social protection.

--- Page 60 ---
60
SHAREHOLDERS
All shares of the Company are owned by the Republic of Latvia. The holder of the Company’s shares is the
Ministry of Finance of the Republic of Latvia, whose representative – the State Secretary of the Ministry of
Finance or another authorised person appointed by the State Secretary of the Ministry of Finance, represents
the Shareholder interests at Shareholder Meetings.
The Law on the Management of Public Persons’ Capital Shares and Capital Companies (in Latvian – Publiskas
personas kapitāla daļu un kapitālsabiedrību pārvaldības likums) provides that the Cabinet of Ministers has the
right to appoint a specially established institution as the holder of the shares in state owned entities. Pursuant
to the current Energy Law (in Latvian – Enerģētikas likums), the Company’s business is deemed to be of
national importance and therefore, the Company’s shares are not subject to privatisation or alienation.

--- Page 61 ---
61
SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
The following table is a summary of the Group’s consolidated financial performance and key performance
indicators for the two financial years ending 31 December 2019 and 2020 respectively and interim period
ended 30 June 2021.
The information set out in the table below has been extracted (without any material adjustment) from, and is
qualified by reference to and should be read in conjunction with the Financial Statements, each of which is
attached to this Base Prospectus and forms an integral part of this Base Prospectus. The Financial Statements
are prepared according to International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).
Group
Company
Six months
ended 30
June
Year ended 31 December
Six months
ended 30
June
Year ended 31 December
2021
2020
2019
2021
2020
2019
Revenue
€ thousand
80 353
144 866
184 742
50 905
147 348
184 742
EBITDA
€ thousand
42 298
55 028
40 515
23 005
42 343
40 515
Operating profit
€ thousand
17 370
14 402
4 513
6 861
5 190
4 513
Income from
Ownership
€ thousand
-
3 081
5 956
58 286
5 605
4 194
Net gain on
acquisition of a
controlling interest
€ thousand
-
50 326
-
-
-
-
Net profit
€ thousand
15 914
65 358
8 829
63 805
9 999
7 067
Net profit applicable
to Company
shareholder
€ thousand
11 568
64 051
8 829
63 805
9 999
7 067
Total assets*
€ thousand
1 219 395
1 213 515
275 321
922 222
905 527
221 934
Equity**
€ thousand
617 671
639 203
123 342
440 615
384 809
69 956
Total borrowings
€ thousand
240 203
224 747
-
156 200
202 872
-
Cash and other
liquid securities
€ thousand
74 721
72 388
48 216
72 316
57 225
48 216
Cashflow from
Operations
€ thousand
42 659
103 053
20 423
25 400
48 591
20 423
Cash Flow from
Investments
€ thousand
86
-117 839
-13 801
68 986
-87 375
-13 801
Cash Flow from
Financing
€ thousand
-15 412
33 826
-35 043
-54 294
27 738
-35 043
Net Cash Flow
€ thousand
27 333
19 040
-28 421
40 091
-11 046
-28 421
EBITDA margin
per-cent
52.6%
38.0%
22.0%
45.2%
28.7%
21.9%
Net Debt
€ thousand
165 482
152 359
-
83 884
145 648
-
Net Debt to
EBTIDA
ratio
2.2
2.8
-
1.9
3.4
-
Interest coverage
ratio
ratio
29.1
27.5
24.1
16.1
43.4
24.1
Net debt to equity
per-cent
26.8%
23.8%
-
19.0%
37.9%
-
Return on assets
(ROA)***
per-cent
6.4%
8.8%
3.8%
8.5%
1.8%
3.4%
Return on equity
(ROE)***
per-cent
13.6%
17.1%
9.1%
16.3%
4.4%
10.1%
* Due to IFRS requirements, the Company is planning to arrange revaluation of electricity transmission assets by an external auditor until
the end of 2021. The previous electricity transmission asset revaluation process was completed in 2016.
** On 28 May 2021, the Shareholders’ Meeting of the Company decided to transfer part of the Company’s profit in the amount of EUR
1,999,878 for increase of the share capital of the Company. It is expected that increase of the Company’s share capital will be approved
by the Shareholders’ Meeting by the end of September 2021.
*** Calculated as at the end of the financial period and are influenced due to asset acquisition from AS Latvijas elektriskie tikli (AS
Latvenergo subsidiary)

--- Page 62 ---
62
FINANCIAL AND TREND INFORMATION
Historical Financial Information
The Financial Statements prepared according to IFRS are appended to this Base Prospectus and forms an
integral part of it.
Legal and arbitration proceedings
The Group is not engaged in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, nor is it aware of any such
proceedings pending or threatened against it during the 12 month-period prior to the date of this Base
Prospectus that may have, or have had in the recent past, a significant effect on the Company and/or the
Group’s financial position or profitability.
Significant Changes in Financial Position
There has been no material adverse change in the Company’s or the Group’s financial or trading position since
31 December 2020.
Trend Information
In accordance with resolutions of the annual general meeting of shareholders of AS Conexus Baltic Grid held
on 12 May 2021, dividends were paid out of EUR 2.14 per share from the profit of previous years. Considering
the number of shares of AS Conexus Baltic Grid owned by the Company, the Company received EUR 58.286
million in June 2021.
Pursuant to the decision of the European Union Agency for the Cooperation of Energy Regulators (ACER) of
6 April 2020, the Baltic system operation region was defined. Considering the requirements of Article 35 (2) of
Regulation (EU) 2019/943 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 5 June 2019 on the internal market
for electricity, all three Baltic transmission system operators that are forming Baltic system operation region,
including the Company, are obliged commonly to establish regional coordination centre in form of a company.
Regional coordination centre shall be established by 1 July 2022. It is expected, that the Company will own
1/3 of the company shares.
Ongoing disputes between Lithuania and Belarus on cross border transmission capacity could potentially
impact electricity price in the region, however, this does not have a direct impact on services provided by the
Company in Latvia.
On 26 February 2021, AS Conexus Baltic Grid entered into a loan agreement with Nordic Investment Bank in
the amount of EUR 30 million, with the maturity date of 4 March 2038.
There has been no other material adverse change in the prospects of the Company or the Group since the
date of the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Group for 2020.
There has been no significant change in in the financial performance of the Company or the Group since the
date of the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Group for 2020.
As of the date of this Base Prospectus there is no information on any other known trends, uncertainties,
demands, commitments or events that are reasonably likely to have a material effect on the Company’s or the
Group’s prospects for 2021.
Future Outlook
The Issuer has not made any profit forecast or profit estimate in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 63 ---
63
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Share Capital
The amount of the share capital of the Company is EUR 363,896,079, and it is composed of 363,896,079 shares.
All shares are paid up. All shares are registered shares and they are dematerialised. The nominal value of a share
is EUR 1. On 28 May 2021, the Shareholders’ Meeting of the Company decided to transfer part of the Company’s
profit in the amount of EUR 1,999,878 for increase of the share capital of the Company. It is expected that increase
of the Company’s share capital will be approved by the Shareholders’ Meeting by the end of September 2021.
In accordance with the Energy Law (in Latvian - Enerģētikas likums), the shares of the Company and the
infrastructure objects of the electricity transmission system belonging to it as a nationally important economic
object cannot be alienated or used as collateral for securing loans or other liabilities.
Articles of Association
The Company is registered with the Commercial Register of the Republic of Latvia under registration number
40003575567.
The objects and purposes of the Company are stated in Clause 2 of the Articles of Association of the Company,
which is transmission of electricity.
Material Contracts
On 18 June 2020, the Company and AS SEB banka entered into a loan agreement in the amount of EUR 116.2
million with a maturity date of 18 December 2021. The agreement was concluded to refinance the assumed
liabilities of AS Latvijas elektriskie tīkli to AS Latvenergo. The loan is anticipated to be repaid by the issuance of
the Notes.
Save for the aforementioned, the Company has not entered into any contracts outside the ordinary course of its
business, which could result in the Company being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the ability
of the Company, respectively to meet obligations in respect of the Notes being issued.

--- Page 64 ---
64
THE ECONOMY OF THE REPUBLIC OF LATVIA
General overview
2020 saw a decline in GDP in all the economies of the European Union except for Ireland. Latvian economy shrank
by 3.6 per-cent, which was one of the slowest declines in Europe. The fiscal policy of Latvia will remain highly
accommodative in 2021, as the government has envisaged a EUR 2.8 billion fiscal stimulus package, on top of
the already spent EUR 1.3 billion in 2020 in order to combat the effects of the COVID-19 crisis. The measures
include, for example, an extension of furlough schemes for workers and loans and guarantees to businesses
affected by the crisis, as well as new measures like wage subsidies, working capital grants to businesses, and
one-time direct payments to support pensioners and families with children. The growth outlook beyond 2021 is
likely to be more favourable, reflecting reduced uncertainty and less downside risks, a release of pent-up demand
and an acceleration in investment spending. Moreover, the Next Generation EU package is expected to be made
available in mid-2021, which will further boost economic recovery in Latvia. The financial markets’ trust in Latvia’s
long-term outlook was demonstrated in March 2021 with a EUR 1.25 billion ten-year Eurobond issue, which was
oversubscribed more than 2 times and carried a 0 per-cent coupon rate and 0.105 per-cent yield for the investors
– both at record lows for this type of maturity. Furthermore, in June 2021 the Republic of Latvia issued a more than
five times oversubscribed EUR 500 million seven-year Eurobond with 0 per-cent coupon rate and 0.003 per-cent
yield.
Real GDP growth, per-cent
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
Latvia
2.4
3.3
4.0
2.0
-3.6
EU (27) average
2.0
2.8
2.1
1.6
-6.0
Source: Eurostat
Inflation
In the three years prior to 2020 consumer price growth in Latvia continued at a steady rate of close to but below 3
per-cent, mainly fuelled by price pressures in the services industry. Average gross salaries in Latvia had been
rising at more than 5 per-cent annually for the last seven years, inevitably putting pressure on prices. Inflation
slowed in 2020 mostly due to falling transport prices and utility rates, moreover some companies reduced prices,
struggling to survive in an environment of low demand and COVID-19 related restrictions. The price increases for
goods were also limited by developments in the global commodity markets, especially the oil market, where prices
declined significantly. Overall, the price level in 2020 was nearly unchanged from a year ago. The first half of 2021
saw a recovery in consumer price growth across the EU, driven by a rebound in commodity prices. Year-on-year
consumer price growth in Latvia turned positive in March 2021 – for the first time since July 2020. Starting from
May 2021 Latvia is witnessing inflation rates close but below 3 per-cent, driven both by certain pent-up demand
being released and rising costs.
Inflation, HICP, average, per-cent
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
Latvia
0.1
2.9
2.6
2.7
0.1
EU (27) average
0.2
1.6
1.8
1.4
0.7
Source: Eurostat
Unemployment
Since the end of the financial crisis in 2010, the unemployment rate in Latvia fell every year, reaching 6.3 per-cent
in 2019. The trend was reversed in 2020, when due to COVID-19 restrictions, businesses, especially in the
services sector, had to lay-off non-essential workers. The rise in unemployment rate was limited by the
government’s financial support for downtime. This helped to keep the unemployment rate in single digits in 2020.

--- Page 65 ---
65
After an increase in the first two months of 2021, the registered unemployment rate levelled off in March 2021 and
started declining in the following months. The average gross salary grew by 6.2 per-cent in 2020, indicating that
the workers who managed to keep their job during the COVID-19 crisis, were better off than the year before. With
increasing COVID-19 vaccination and restrictions being eased, the labour market is experiencing a rebound as
companies resume hiring.
Unemployment rate, per-cent
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
Latvia
9.6
8.7
7.4
6.3
8.1
EU (27) average
9.1
8.1
7.2
6.7
7.1
Source: Eurostat
Public Finance
The central government budget for 2021 accounts for 9.6 billion EUR in revenue and 10.8 billion EUR in
expenditure, with certain reforms in the tax regime. The government has planned a 3.9 per-cent general budget
deficit for 2021, reflecting a downturn in economic activity and a simultaneous fiscal stimulus. The budget is based
on a real GDP growth forecast of 5.1 per-cent, which seems too optimistic, given that a more visible recovery from
COVID-19 crisis is postponed to the second half of 2021, and the vaccination pace has been rather slow, i.e., only
45.3 per-cent of adult population had received at least one vaccine dose by 9 August 2021 compared to 72.2 per-
cent in the EU/EEA (source: https://vaccinetracker.ecdc.europa.eu).
General government balance,
per-cent of GDP
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
Latvia
0.2
-0.8
-0.8
-0.6
-4.5
EU (27) average
-1.4
-0.8
-0.4
-0.5
-6.9
Source: Eurostat
In 2020, the international credit rating agency S&P Global Ratings upgraded Latvia's credit rating from "A" to "A+",
while maintaining a stable outlook. The "A+" rating with a stable outlook was affirmed on August 13, 2021. On
March 19, 2021 the international credit rating agency Fitch Ratings affirmed Latvia's credit rating at the 'A-' level
with a stable credit rating outlook. Strong credit fundamentals, low public debt along with monetary support from
the EU has allowed Latvia to withstand the current waves of COVID-19 and should provide Latvia's small and
open economy with further room for fiscal policy manoeuvres in case a prolonged economic downturn due to the
pandemic. The ability to raise funding is particularly important for combating the adverse effects that COVID-19
outbreak is having on the economy of Latvia. It is expected that public debt will increase considerably in 2021, on
top of the increase in 2020, as additional funds and support schemes are allocated to various parts of the economy.
General government gross debt, per-cent of GDP
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
Latvia
40.4
39.0
37.1
37.0
43.5
EU (27) average
84.0
81.5
79.5
77.5
90.7
Source: Eurostat
Foreign Trade
In 2020, the turnover of foreign trade in goods of Latvia at current prices reached EUR 28.3 billion – 2.0 per-cent
less than in 2019. The goods exports value constituted EUR 13.2 billion (an increase of 1.8 per-cent), whereas
the imports value – EUR 15.1 billion (a drop of 5.1 per-cent). The goods export growth was largely driven by
increase in exports of machinery and electrical equipment, as well as agricultural products (mostly grain and
rapeseed). In 2020, wood and its products lost its position as the dominant constituent of overall goods exports to
the exports of machinery, mechanical appliances and electrical equipment, from which more than half of the value
is re-export. The other Baltic States, Russia, Germany, Sweden, and Poland continued to be the main trading

--- Page 66 ---
66
partners for Latvia both in export and import of goods. Exports of services, which account for about 30 per-cent of
total exports, fell by 21.2 per-cent in 2020 led by a decline in export of transport services and tourism. In 2020,
Latvia recorded current account surplus of 3 per-cent of GDP as income balance saw a surge in its surplus, due
to falling investment income of foreign residents, and trade balance turned positive, as a sharp drop in consumption
reduced import demand while goods exports performed relatively well. The first half of 2021 manifested a strong
recovery both in imports and exports of goods, recording close to 20 per cent increase.
Current account balance,
per-cent of GDP
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
Latvia
1.6
1.3
-0.3
-0.6
3.0
EU (27) average
1.5
2.0
1.6
1.4
1.4
Source: Eurostat

--- Page 67 ---
67
TAXATION
Tax legislation of the investor’s member state and of the Issuer’s country of incorporation may have an impact on
the income received from the Notes.
The following is a general summary of certain tax consideration in the Republic of Latvia in relation to the Notes.
It is not exhaustive and does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax consequences relating to the Notes,
as well as does not take into account or discuss the tax implications of any country other than the Republic of
Latvia. The information provided in this section shall not be treated as legal or tax advice; and prospective investors 
are advised to consult their own tax advisors as to the tax consequences of the subscription, ownership and
disposal of the Notes applicable to their particular circumstances.
This summary is based on the laws of Latvia as in force on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any
change in law that may take effect after such date, provided that such changes could apply also retroactively.
Latvia has entered into a number of tax conventions on elimination of the double taxation, which may provide more
favourable taxation regime. Therefore, if there is a valid tax convention with the country of a non-resident
prospective investor, it should be also examined. The procedures for application of tax conventions are provided
in the Republic of Latvia Cabinet of Ministers’ Regulations No. 178 “Procedures for Application of Tax Relief
Determined in International Agreements for Prevention of Double Taxation and Tax Evasion” of 30 April 2001.
Taxation of the Noteholders individuals
Resident Individuals
An individual will be considered as a resident of Latvia for taxation purposes:

if the individual’s declared place of residence is in the Republic of Latvia; or
 
if the individual stays in the Republic of Latvia 183 days or more within any 12-month period, starting or
ending in the taxation year; or
 
if the individual is a citizen of the Republic of Latvia employed abroad by the government of the Republic
of Latvia.
In accordance with the Law on Personal Income Tax (in Latvian – Likums “Par iedzīvotāju ienākuma nodokli”) the
interest income from the Notes for resident individuals will be subject to 20 per-cent withholding tax, deductible by
the Issuer before the payment. The income from the alienation of the Notes will be subject to 20 per-cent tax, but
the tax would be payable by the individual him/herself.
Non-resident individuals
In accordance with the Law on Personal Income Tax (in Latvian – Likums “Par iedzīvotāju ienākuma nodokli”) the
interest income from the Notes being circulated publicly as well as income from the alienation of the publicly
circulated Notes will not be subject to tax in Latvia.
Taxation of the Noteholders entities
Resident entities
An entity will be considered as a resident of Latvia for tax purposes if it is or should have been established and
registered in the Republic of Latvia in accordance with the legislative acts of the Republic of Latvia. This also
include permanent establishments of foreign entities in Latvia.

--- Page 68 ---
68
Interest payments on the Notes and proceeds from the disposal of the Notes received by Latvian resident
companies will not be subject to withholding tax in Latvia. Under the Corporate Income Tax Law (in Latvian –
Uzņēmumu ienākuma nodokļa likums) retained earnings are exempt from corporate income tax and only
distributions are taxed. Corporate income tax rate on gross profit distribution is 20 per-cent. Corporate income tax
on net amount of profit distribution is determined by dividing net amount with a coefficient of 0.8 (i.e., effective tax
rate on net distributed profit is 25 per-cent).
Non-resident entities
In accordance with the Corporate Income Tax Law (in Latvian – Uzņēmumu ienākuma nodokļa likums) the interest
income and income from the alienation of the Notes for non-resident entities will not be taxable in Latvia.
Taxation of low-tax non-residents
In general, payments (including interest payments) to non-residents located, registered or incorporated in a no-tax
or low-tax country or territory as defined in the Regulations of the Cabinet of Ministers No.819 “Regulations on No-
Tax or Low-Tax Countries and Territories”, adopted on 17 December 2020; effective as of 1 January 2021 (“Low-
Tax Non-Latvian Residents”) are subject to withholding tax of 20 per-cent if the payer is a Latvian legal entity or
23 per-cent if the payer is a Latvian individual resident having obligation to withhold tax. However, pursuant to
Article 5(6) of the Corporate Income Tax Law (in Latvian – Uzņēmumu ienākuma nodokļa likums) payments by
Latvian legal entities to Low-Tax Non-Latvian Residents for securities publicly circulated in the EU or EEA are
exempt from withholding tax if made at the market price. The State Revenue Service of the Republic of Latvia in
a legally non-binding explanation to the Issuer has confirmed that pursuant to Article 5(6) of the of the Corporate
Income Tax Law (in Latvian – Uzņēmumu ienākuma nodokļa likums) there is no withholding tax also on the interest
payments made by the Issuer to the holders of the notes publicly circulated in the EU or EEA who are Low-Tax
Non-Latvian Residents, provided that the payments are made at the market price.

--- Page 69 ---
69
GENERAL INFORMATION
Authorisation
The shareholder of the Issuer has at the Shareholders’ Meeting held on 9 August 2021 authorised the issue of the
Notes and authorised the Management Board of the Issuer to approve the characteristics of the Notes, the Base
Prospectus and any of the documents thereto, as well as any amendments and supplements thereof.
Management Board of the Issuer has at its meeting held on 21 September 2021 approved the Base Prospectus
and the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
Each Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes shall be approved by a separate resolution of the
Management Board of the Issuer.
Auditors
SIA “Deloitte Audits Latvia”, registration number: 40003606960, legal address: Grēdu iela 4A, Riga, LV-1019, LV–
1010, Latvia, has audited the 2020 Financial Statements and the 2019 Financial Statements included in this Base
Prospectus and issued an unqualified auditors’ reports on the aforementioned financial statements.
SIA “Deloitte Audits Latvia” is included in the register of audit firms maintained by the Latvian Association of
Certified Auditors and holds audit company license No.43. On behalf of SIA “Deloitte Audits Latvia”, the auditors’
reports on the 2020 Financial Statements and the 2019 Financial Statements were signed by Inguna Staša,
holding auditor’s certificate No. 145.
Listing
Application will be made to Nasdaq Riga for admitting each Tranche to listing and trading on the official bond list
(the Baltic Bond List) of Nasdaq Riga according to the requirements of Nasdaq Riga not later than within 3 (three)
months after the Issue Date of the respective Tranche. Nasdaq Riga is a regulated market for the purposes of
MiFID II.
Clearing of the Notes
The Notes shall be issued in the bearer dematerialised form and registered with Nasdaq CSD SE, registration
number: 40003242879. The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) in relation to the Notes of each
Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.
The address of Nasdaq CSD SE is Vaļņu iela 1, Riga, LV-1050, Latvia.
Legal Entity Identifier
The Issuer’s legal entity identifier is 64883LC3F12690GATG87.
Documents available
For as long as the Notes are listed on the official bond list (the Baltic Bond List) of Nasdaq Riga, the copies of the
following documents will be available on the Issuer’s website www.ast.lv:
(i)
the Articles of Association of the Issuer;
(ii)
the Financial Statements;
(iii)
the Green Bond Framework;

--- Page 70 ---
70
(iv)
each Final Terms; and
(v) 
this Base Prospectus together with any supplement.
Arrangers and Dealers transacting with the Issuer
The Arranger and Dealer has engaged in, and may in the future engage in, investment banking and/or commercial
banking or other services provided to the Group in the ordinary course of business (see Section Risk Factors –
Risk related to the Notes - Certain material interests).
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the issue/offer of the Notes
Save for commissions to be paid to the Arranger and the Dealer, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved
in the issue/offer of the Notes has an interest material to the issue/offer.
Expenses Charged to the Investors
No expenses or taxes will be charged to the investors by the Issuer in respect to the issue of the Notes. However,
the investors may be obliged to cover expenses which are related to the opening of securities accounts with the
credit institutions or investment brokerage firms, as well as commissions which are charged by the credit
institutions or investment brokerage firms in relation to the execution of the investor’s purchase or selling orders
of the Notes, the holding of the Notes or any other operations in relation to the Notes. Neither the Issuer, nor the
Arrangers or the Dealers shall compensate the Noteholders for any such expenses.
Credit Ratings
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has a long-term credit rating BBB+ by S&P Global Ratings
Europe Limited. The outlook is positive.
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited is established in the EEA and is registered under Regulation (EU) No
1060/2009, as amended (the ”CRA Regulation”), and is, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, included in the
list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”).
Notes to be issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where an issue of Notes is rated, the applicable
rating will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s)
assigned to the Issuer or to Notes already issued (if applicable). Whether or not a credit rating applied for in relation
to a relevant Series of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under
the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms.
A rating is not a recommendation to buy or sell or hold Notes and may be subject to suspension, reduction or
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. Up-to-date information should always be sought by direct
reference to the relevant rating agency.

--- Page 71 ---
71
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
The following documents have been incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus and form a part of the
Base Prospectus:
 
the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework, which is available for viewing on the following website: www.ast.lv

--- Page 72 ---
72
ANNEX I – FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The Group's consolidated and the Company's annual report, representing audited consolidated and standalone
financial statements for the financial year ending 31 December 2020, prepared in accordance with IFRS, together
with the audit report in connection therewith.
The Company's annual report, representing audited standalone financial statements for the financial year ending
31 December 2019, prepared in accordance with IFRS, together with the audit report in connection therewith.
The Company’s consolidated and abridged financial statements, representing consolidated and standalone
financial statements for the six months period ended 30 June 2021, prepared in accordance with the International
Accounting Standard 34.

--- Page 73 ---
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF 
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND 
ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS
Prepared in accordance with the International Financial 
Reporting Standards, approved in the European Union
FOR 2020

--- Page 74 ---
CONTENTS
Information about the Group and the Company	
3
Key Financial and Performance Indicators	
5
Management Report	
9
Statement of Board’s responsibility	
26
Consolidated and separate financial statements	
28
Profit or Loss Statement for 2020	
29
Statement of Comprehensive Income for 2020	
30
Statement of Financial Position as at 31 December 2020	
31
Statement of Changes in Equity for 2020	
33
Cash Flow Statement for 2020	
35
Annexes to the consolidated and separate 
financial statements	
37
Independent auditor’s report	
82
2
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 75 ---
INFORMATION 
ABOUT THE GROUP 
AND THE COMPANY

--- Page 76 ---
Name of the parent company
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls
Legal status of the parent company
Joint Stock Company
Registration number,  
place and date of the parent company
000357556
Riga, 28 December 2001
Re-registration in the Commercial Register is 
performed
On 13 November 2004
under unified registration number
40003575567
Type of principal activity of the parent company
Electricity supply, NACE code 35.12
Type of principal activity of the Group
Electricity supply, NACE code 35.12 and 
Pipeline transport (NACE code 49.50)
Address
Dārzciema iela 86
Riga, LV-1073,
Latvia
Parent company shareholder
From 2 January 2012:
Ministry of Finance in the name of the Republic of 
Latvia (100%)
Smilšu iela 1, Riga, LV-1050, Latvia
Names, surnames and positions held  
of the board members
Varis Boks – Chairman of the Board (until 31.03.2021)
Arnis Staltmanis – Board Member (until 07.04.2021)
Imants Zviedris – Board Member
Gatis Junghāns – Board Member
Mārcis Kauliņš – Board Member
Names, surnames and positions held  
of Supervisory Board members
Kaspars Āboliņš — Council Chairman
Olga Bogdanova — Deputy Council Chairmwoman
Armands Eberhards — Council Member
Madara Melne — Council Member
Aigars Ģērmanis — Council Member
Reporting year
1 January 2020 – 31 December 2020
Previous accounting year
1 January 2019 – 31 December 2019
Participation in other companies
JSC Conexus Baltic Grid
(34.36% until 20.07.2020, 68.46% from 21.07.2020)
JSC Latvijas elektriskie tīkli 100%
(From 16.06.2020 to 25.11.2020)
Name and address of the auditor and the 
responsible certified auditor
SIA Deloitte Audits Latvia
Commercial Company of Certified Auditors Licence 
No. 43
Unified registration number: 40003606960
Grēdu iela 4a, Riga, LV-1019, Latvia
Responsible certified auditor:
Inguna Staša
Certificate No. 145
4
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 77 ---
KEY FINANCIAL AND PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
Group
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls
2020
2020 
2019
2018
2017
2016
FINANCIAL INDICATORS
Revenue, thous. EUR*
144 886
147 348
184 742
193 866
158 862
116 789
EBITDA, thous. EUR
55 028
42 343
40 515
1 642
1 843
1 159
Profit, thous. EUR
64 051
9 999
7 067
4 677
309
352
Balance sheet total, thous. EUR
1 213 515
905 527
221 934
193 000
188 722
114 697
Equity, thous. EUR
639 203
384 809
69 956
70 344
8 499
8 661
Loans, thous. EUR
224 747
202 872
-
-
57 394
-
Net cash flow from operating activities, thous. EUR
103 053
48 591
20 423
7 236
38 645
5 613
Cash and its equivalents, thous. EUR**
72 388
57 225
48 216
106 637
33 113
86 233
FINANCIAL COEFFICIENTS
 
 
 
 
 
 
Liquidity ratio
3.1
4.7
1.1
3.8
1.3
5.3
EBITDA Profitability
38.0%
28.7%
21.9%
0.8%
1.2%
1.0%
Equity ratio (≥35%)
53%
42%
32%
36%
5%
8%
NetDEBT to EBITDA, (≤5.0)
2.8
3.4
 
 
 
 
PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electricity transmitted to users in Latvia, GWh
 
5 961
6 012
6 051
5 807
5 822
Average number of employees
887
546
552
548
539
525
EBITDA – earnings before interest, financial income, taxes, depreciation and 
amortisation
Liquidity ratio = current assets/current liabilities (excluding the part of the 
short-term loan to be refinanced)
EBITDA profitability = EBITDA/revenue
Equity ratio = equity/balance sheet total
NetDEBT = borrowings – cash and cash equivalents (including short-term 
deposits with original maturity of less than 3 months)
  *	 The amount of the Group’s revenue in 2020 is affected by the exclusion 
of mutual services between JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls and JSC Latvijas 
elektriskie tīkli (see also Appendix 3, section “Transmission system asset 
ownership reform”)
**	 including short-term time deposits with a maturity of less than 3 months
5
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 78 ---
BALANCE SHEET TOTAL, THOUS. EUR
REVENUE, THOUS. EUR
2020 
Group
2020 
AST
2019
2018
2017
2016
200 000
150 000
100 000
50 000
0
144 886 147 348
158 862
184 742
116 789
193 866
PROFIT, THOUS. EUR
2020 
Group
2020 
AST
2019
2018
2017
2016
70 000
60 000
50 000
40 000
30 000
20 000
10 000
0
64 051
9 999
7067
309
352
4677
2020 
Group
2020 
AST
2019
2018
2017
2016
1 500 000
1 200 000
900 000
600 000
300 000
0
1 213 515
905 527
221 934 193 000
114 697
188 722
6
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 79 ---
2020 
2019
2018
2017
2016
3500
3000
2500
2000
1500
1000
500
0
1 736
247
300
155
3 598
DIVIDENDS PAID FROM PREVIOUS PERIOD 
PROFIT, THOUS. EUR
ELECTRICITY TRANSMITTED TO USERS, GWH
CAPITAL INVESTMENTS IN ELECTRICITY 
TRANSMISSION SYSTEM, THOUS. EUR
6100
6050
6000
5950
5900
5850
5800
5750
5700
5650
2020 
2019
2018
2017
2016
5961
6051
5807
5822
6012
EQUITY, THOUS. EUR
2020 
Group
2020 
AST
2019
2018
2017
2016
700 000
600 000
500 000
400 000
300 000
200 000
100 000
0
639 203
384 809
69 956
8 499
8 661
70 344
NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES
1000
800
600
400
200
0
2020 
Group
2020 
AST
2019
2018
2017
2016
546
887
548
539
525
552
90 000
2020 
2019
2018
2017
2016
66 612
85 792
62 733
25 213
85 731
80 000
70 000
60 000
50 000
40 000
30 000
20 000
10 000
0
7
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 80 ---
KEY EVENTS IN 2020.
	
Obtained investment grade credit 
rating of BBB+.
For the first time, the international credit 
rating agency S&P Global Ratings has 
assessed and assigned the long-term credit rating 
BBB+ to the Latvian transmission system operator 
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls.
The reform of the ownership of the 
transmission system assets has been 
implemented
by adding the transmission asset owner JSC Latvijas 
elektriskie tīkli to JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls on 25 
November 2020. As part of the reorganisation, 
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls took over all assets and 
liabilities of JSC Latvijas elektriskie tīkli.
Decisive influence in 
JSC Conexus Baltic Grid gained.
Fulfilling the task given by the Cabinet of Ministers, 
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls has acquired 34.10% of 
JSC Conexus Baltic Grid shares from PAS Gazprom, 
thus increasing control over the company to 68.46%. 
Along with this transaction, the state has full control 
over the gas transmission system in the country, 
promoting the strengthening of state energy security 
and promoting the further development of the gas 
system in accordance with the set energy policy 
objectives.
The project “Construction of the 
Power Transmission Line “Riga TEC-2 – 
Riga HPP”” has been completed.
Within the framework of the project, a new 330 kV 
overhead/cable line with an indicative length of 
15 km has been put into operation, and the 330 kV 
distribution of the substation “Rīgas TEC-2” has been 
expanded. Implementation of the project in the 
amount of 50% was co-financed by the European 
Union from the funds of the Connecting Europe 
Facility (CEF).
Kurzemes loks has been recognised as the 
best engineering structure in 2019.
The implemented project “Kurzemes loks” was 
recognised as the best engineering structure last 
year in the exhibition “The Best Building in Latvia of 
the Year”.
TOP 101 most valuable companies in Latvia.
In 2020, JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls was for the first 
time included in the TOP 101 of the most valuable 
companies in Latvia, created by Nasdaq Riga and 
Prudentia, ranking 21st. Evaluating the Corporate 
Governance Ratio of JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls, 
experts have evaluated it with 92 points, which is 
the highest indicator of all companies included in 
the TOP 101.
The issuance of European standard 
guarantees of origin for electricity has 
started.
In accordance with the requirements of the 
Electricity Market Law, as of 1 December 2020, 
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls has joined the European 
Unified Energy Origin Certification System. 
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls issues certificates of 
origin of electricity, which serve as proof that the 
electricity is produced from renewable energy or an 
efficient cogeneration process.
The new Estonia–Latvia interconnection 
has been put into operation.
All construction works have been completed in the 
development project “Estonia-Latvia third 330 kV 
interconnection”, and the newly built 330 kV line 
from Estonia to Riga TEC-2 in Latvia has been put 
into operation. From 1 January 2021, the line shall be 
taken into account when calculating the transmission 
capacity allocated to the electricity market. 
Implementation of the project in the amount of 50% 
was co-financed by the European Union from the 
funds of the Connecting Europe Facility (CEF).
Latvia has reached the lowest average 
price of electricity in history since the 
opening of the market.
In February, the price of electricity in Latvia 
continued to decrease, reaching a historically low 
level since the opening of the electricity market in 
July 2013 – the average price per megawatt hour 
in February was EUR 28.05. The price of electricity 
reached its lowest level in April 2020, when it was 
EUR 23.53/MWh.
Joins the memorandum on sustainable 
energy development and energy efficiency.
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls, as a socially responsible 
and sustainable development company, has joined 
the Memorandum of Cooperation between the 
Ministry of Economics, public administration 
institutions, non-governmental organisations 
and state capital companies. The memorandum 
envisages joint cooperation in achieving the goals 
of sustainable development and energy efficiency, 
construction and housing accessibility, promoting 
the growth of the Latvian economy and the well-
being of each of its inhabitants.
8
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 81 ---
MANAGEMENT 
REPORT

--- Page 82 ---
REFORM OF OWNERSHIP OF TRANSMISSION SYSTEM ASSETS
	
Pursuant to Paragraph 38 of protocol 
decision No. 46 of the meeting of the 
Cabinet of Ministers of 8 October 
2019, the implementation of the 
complete separation model of property rights of 
the electricity transmission system operator was 
supported and it was assigned to the Ministry 
of Economics and the Ministry of Finance to 
ensure that JSC Latvenergo and 
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls fulfils the provisions 
determined  
by regulatory enactments regarding the 
introduction of the model of complete 
separation of property rights until 1 July 2020.
By the protocol decision of the sitting of the Cabinet 
of Ministers of 17 December 2019 (No. 59, § 75), it 
was determined that after the investment of the 
state-owned shares in JSC Latvijas elektriskie 
tīkli (hereinafter – LET), the reorganisation of 
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls and JSC Latvijas elektriskie 
tīkli must be carried out by adding JSC Latvijas 
elektriskie tīkli to JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls by 31 
December 2020.
Executing the protocol decision of the sitting of 
the Cabinet of Ministers of the Republic of Latvia 
of 8 October 2019 (No. 46, § 38) and the protocol 
decision of the sitting of 17 December 2019 (No. 
59, § 75) on 10 June 2020, the current subsidiary of 
JSC Latvenergo, the owner of transmission system 
assets JSC Latvijas elektriskie tīkli was separated 
from the Latvenergo Group, and was invested in 
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls on 15 June 2020”.
According to the Register of Shareholders, as 
of 16 June 2020, the sole shareholder of LET is 
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls.
	
According to the decision of the 
Enterprise Register of the Republic of 
Latvia of 25 November 2020, on 
25 November 2020, JSC Latvijas 
elektriskie tīkli was excluded from the 
Register of Enterprises and was added to 
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls.
After the Reorganisation, in accordance with the 
provisions of Section 335, Paragraph four of the 
Commercial Law, JSC Latvijas elektriskie tīkli 
ceased to exist without a liquidation process; 
JSC Latvijas elektriskie tīkli (merged company) 
transferred all its property, rights and obligations to 
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls (acquiring company).
After the Reorganisation, the acquiring company will 
continue the commercial activities of the company 
to be merged.
INVESTMENT IN SUBSIDIARY
When executing the protocol decision 
of the Cabinet of Ministers of the 
Republic of Latvia of 26 May 2020 
(Protocol No. 36, Paragraph 38) 
“Regarding the Use of the Pre-emption Right 
in the Transaction of the Alienation of Shares 
of JSC Conexus Baltic Grid, on 21 July 2020, 
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls acquired 34.1% of 
the shares of JSC Conexus Baltic Grid, and 
accordingly as of 21 July 2020, the Company 
owns 68.46% of the shares of JSC Conexus Baltic 
Grid and has a decisive influence in the company.
10
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 83 ---
TYPE OF ACTIVITY AND CHARACTERISTICS
All shares of JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls are owned by 
the state and their holder is the Ministry of Finance 
of the Republic of Latvia.
As at 31 December 2020, Augstsprieguma tīkls 
Group structure consists of a group of commercial 
companies in which the parent company 
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls (hereinafter also – AST or 
the Parent Company) has a decisive influence, and 
which includes the subsidiary JSC Conexus Baltic 
Grid (hereinafter also – Conexus or the Subsidiary).
The structure of the Augstsprieguma tīkls Group 
is organised in two operating segments: electricity 
transmission and transmission and storage of natural 
gas. The division is made on the basis of the Group’s 
internal organisational structure, which forms the 
basis for monitoring and control of the segment’s 
performance.
The principal activity of the 
Augstsprieguma tīkls Group is the 
provision of electricity transmission 
system operator functions, efficient 
management of energy supply system assets, 
natural gas transmission and storage.
Our mission is to ensure continuous, secure and 
sustainably efficient electricity transmission 
throughout Latvia.
According to the issued licence No. E12001 and 
Section 11, Paragraph one of the Electricity Market 
Law, JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls is the only electricity 
transmission system operator (hereinafter – TSO) in 
Latvia, and its licence area is the entire territory of 
Latvia.
According to Section 5 of the Energy Law, electricity 
transmission is a regulated sector. The sole 
shareholder of the parent company is the Republic 
of Latvia in the person of the Ministry of Finance 
(100%).
Activities of AST as an electricity transmission 
system operator are characterised by three 
directions:
Electricity Transmission
The overall strategic goal of the 
Augstsprieguma tīkls Group is to 
ensure the security of energy supply 
of Latvia, provide a continuous, high-
quality and affordable energy transmission 
service, to implement sustainable active 
management of energy supply assets of 
strategic importance to the country and 
facilitate their integration in the internal 
energy market of the European Union.
Provision of electricity transmission 
system services
Maintaining and developing the 
electricity market
Management, development, and 
integration of the electricity 
transmission system into the European 
power system
11
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 84 ---
The Parent Company has developed, implemented, 
and maintains the management system of the 
company in accordance with the requirements of 
ISO 9001:2015 (quality), ISO 14001:2015 (environment), 
ISO 45001:2018 (OHSAS 18001:2007) (occupational 
safety), ISO 50001:2011 (energy management).
The implemented Integrated Management System 
ensures the efficient operation of AST in accordance 
with internationally agreed operating mechanisms 
for quality, energy management, environmental 
protection, the work environment and occupational 
health management, ensuring the correct 
fulfilment of the laws and regulations, promoting 
the identification of the context of AST’s activities, 
looking at developments in the company through the 
prism of company risks and processes.
The Parent Company has a quality policy, which, 
based on the Energy Law, the Electricity Market 
Law and the Network Code, defines the following 
AST core values:
Quality Management System and Values
OVERALL STRATEGIC OBJECTIVE
To become the 
leading transmission 
system operator 
in the region, 
which operatively 
and successfully 
implements 
development-
orientated changes.
VISION
Ensure a 
continuous, 
secure and 
sustainably 
efficient 
energy supply 
throughout 
Latvia.
MISSION
	Ensure the security of Latvia’s energy supply
	Provide a continuous, high-quality and 
affordable energy transmission service
	Implement the sustainable management of 
energy supply assets of strategic importance 
to the country
	Promote their integration into the European 
Union’s internal energy market
CORE VALUES
A quality policy has been developed in the Company, that, 
based on the Energy Law, the Electricity Market Law and the 
Network Code, defines the Company’s core values:
TRUST
GROWTH
SAFETY
TEAM
HONESTLY
Independent, ethical, 
and transparent action 
towards anyone and 
everyone
WISELY
Effectively. Looking 
forward. Long-term 
thinking
RESPONSIBLY
With high responsibility 
towards work, people, 
and nature
TOGETHER
We join forces to 
achieve more. Strong 
team that encourages 
and challenges
12
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 85 ---
The strategic direction of the parent company is 
focused on sustainable development. The Company 
participates in the annual “Sustainability Index” 
managed by the Corporate Responsibility and 
Sustainability Institute, where in 2020 the Company 
received the top Platinum award (as an assessment 
of its work in 2019). The title of the Ministry of 
Welfare “Family-friendly merchant” has also been 
received.
In the reporting year, the improvement of corporate 
governance was continued, and the Corporate 
Governance Policy was developed. The Corporate 
Governance Policy of JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls has 
been developed taking into account the laws and 
regulations of the Republic of Latvia, the principles 
of corporate governance and recommendations 
regarding their implementation developed 
by NASDAQ OMX Riga AS, and development 
recommendations for corporate governance 
made by the European Union and Organisation for 
Economic Co-operation, as well as by reviewing and 
summarising the corporate governance practices of 
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls.
Since 2017, in addition to AST financial statements, 
a non-financial report, Sustainability Report, 
has been prepared in accordance with the Global 
Sustainability Reporting Guidelines, the Core 
Approach issued by the non-profit organisation 
Global Reporting Initiative (GRI).
The Sustainability Report covers corporate social 
responsibility, economic responsibility, responsibility 
to society, employees and the work environment, 
environmental protection and other relevant 
aspects. 
The Sustainability Report 2020 of 
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls is available on the 
Augstsprieguma tīkls website at www.ast.lv.
The parent company has developed and approved 
a Corporate and Social Responsibility Policy. 
Corporate and social responsibility (hereinafter – 
CSR) policy defines the forms, basic principles and 
directions of CSR, as well as criteria for choosing 
activities.
The goal of the Parent Company’s Environmental 
Policy is to continuously improve environmental 
performance by preventing or reducing harmful 
effects on the environment, rationally using natural 
resources and introducing the best available 
techniques in all areas of activity.
The Parent Company systematically performs risk 
assessments, and environmental programmes 
are established to prevent significant risks. A 
register of environmental events is maintained. Key 
environmental pollution indicators are periodically 
controlled in accordance with the environment 
monitoring plan. The overall environmental risk is 
low.
Increased attention is paid to energy efficiency 
issues. The goal of the Parent Company’s Energy 
Management Policy is to continuously improve 
the Company’s energy performance by reducing 
technical and technological losses, improving the 
energy consumption indicators of the company’s 
facilities and improving the company’s vehicle 
purchase and use strategy.
Corporate and Social Responsibility
13
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 86 ---
Considering the Parent Company’s investment in 
its subsidiary Latvian natural gas transmission and 
storage system operator JSC Conexus Baltic Grid, an 
important direction of the Group’s activities is the 
sustainable management of strategically important 
energy supply assets and their integration into the 
European Union (hereinafter – the EU) internal 
energy market.
JSC Conexus Baltic Grid is the unified natural 
gas transmission and storage operator in Latvia, 
managing one of the most modern natural gas 
storage facilities in Europe – the Inčukalns 
underground gas storage facility (hereinafter – the 
Inčukalns UGS, storage facility) and the main natural 
gas transmission system directly connecting the 
Latvian natural gas market with Lithuania, Estonia 
and the North-West region of Russia.
Conexus offers its customers natural gas 
transmission and storage services in accordance 
with the tariffs set by the Public Utilities Commission.
Conexus was established on 22 December 2016, 
as a result of the reorganisation, separating the 
transmission and storage business lines from 
JSC “Latvijas Gāze”.
Conexus’ vision is to promote the development of 
the transmission system and use the potential of 
the underground gas storage to become the most 
reliable energy source in the region.
Conexus’ mission is to promote the sustainable 
operation of the energy market in the region by 
ensuring the reliable operation of the natural gas 
transmission and storage system.
Transmission and Storage of Natural Gas
Conexus values:
Safe operation of the system – we take care of the 
safe operation of the infrastructure by performing 
regular infrastructure monitoring.
Flexibility and openness through competent 
solutions - we support market development and 
are open to new solutions that support market 
development.
Sustainable development – in order to protect 
the inhabitants and the environment from 
potential security risks, we regularly invest in the 
modernisation and increase of security of the 
gas system, as well as in the development of the 
technological system.
Professional and united team – we value 
professionalism in everything, and we can be relied 
on by colleagues, clients and partners.
Sustainability – Conexus is a socially responsible 
company that ensures the growth of employees and 
the overall development of the industry, creating 
sustainable employment and added economic value, 
while taking care of the impact of technological 
processes on the environment.
14
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 87 ---
Electricity transmission is carried out by the 
transmission system operator through a transmission 
system that includes interconnected networks and 
equipment, including cross-border connections, 
with a voltage of 110 kilovolts or more, that are used 
for transmission to the relevant distribution system 
or users.
Electricity Transmission
The activities of the electricity transmission system 
operator are regulated by the Public Utilities 
Commission (hereinafter – PUC) under the guidance 
of its Supervisory Board.
During the reporting period, the obligations 
imposed on the Transmission System Operator were 
implemented through the following transmission 
network (31.12.2020):
CHARACTERISATION OF THE OPERATING ENVIRONMENT
Highest voltage (kV)
Number of 
substations
Number of 
autotransformers and 
transformers
Installed power (MVA)
Overhead cable and 
cable EPL (km)
330 kV
17
27
4 000
1 742.13
110 kV
123
246
5 231
3 870.78
TOTAL
140
273
9 231
5 612.1
330 kV substation
110 kV substation
power station 
330 kV lines
110 kV lines
330 kV distribution node
ELECTRICITY TRANSMISSION SYSTEM
15
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 88 ---
The total electricity consumption 
of Latvia in 2020 was 7 135 GWh, 
and compared to 2019 it 
decreased by 2.2%.
Using local generation, Latvia 
covered 77% of electricity 
consumption, which is a decrease 
of 7.46 percentage points 
compared to 2019.
5 961 GWh were transmitted to 
users within 2020, which is 1% 
less than in the corresponding 
period of 2019 (6 012 GWh). The 
impact of the reduction in the 
amount of electricity transmitted 
to consumers on the revenues 
from the provision of transmission 
services is insignificant.
SECURING PUBLIC CONSUMPTION WITH LOCAL GENERATION 2020. %
Jan.
100
80
60
40
20
0
%
Coverage of national consumption 
using local generation, %
On average during the last 
12 months – 77%
Electricity received in the transmission network, GWh
Electricity transmitted to users, GWh
Transmission losses, technological consumption, GWh
In Latvia, the legal basis for the operation of the 
electricity market is the Electricity Market Law, 
which stipulates that the transmission system 
operator must promote the operation of the internal 
electricity market and cross-border trade by 
performing its functions, including supporting the 
development of electricity exchanges.
In addition, the development of the electricity 
market in Latvia is facilitated by the European 
Commission Regulation resulting from Regulation 
(EC) No. 714/2009 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council on conditions for access to the network 
for cross-border exchanges in electricity.
Maintaining and developing the 
electricity market
Taking into account the fact that the Baltic states are 
integrated into the common European electricity 
market, Latvia, like any other European country, 
is not able to significantly influence the wholesale 
market electricity prices, as prices are based on the 
principles of a free, transparent electricity market.
Integration into the single European electricity 
market not only provides access to cheaper Nordic 
electricity, but also contributes to greater price 
volatility caused by weather conditions in other 
European countries.
In 2020, the average electricity 
exchange price in the Latvian area 
decreased to 34.05 EUR/MWh, and 
in comparison to 2019, the price 
decreased by 26%.
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019
 2020
12 000
10 000
8 000
6 000
4 000
2 000
0
9 849
5 822
232
224
227
236
200
5 807
6 051
6 012
5 961
10 169
10 544
9 742
8 710
Feb.
March
April
May
June
July
August Sept.
Oct.
Nov.
Dec.
16
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 89 ---
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE AND FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
During the reporting period, Augstsprieguma tīkls 
Group’s revenue is EUR 144,886,178, the profit 
attributable to the Parent Company’s Shareholders 
is EUR 64 051 311.
The consolidated financial statements of the Group 
include the financial results of the subsidiary 
JSC Latvijas elektriskie tīkli from 1 June 2020 until 
the merger on 30 September 2020 and the financial 
results of the subsidiary JSC Conexus Baltic Grid 
from 1 August 2020 to 31 December 2020.
AVERAGE ELECTRICITY PRICES OF THE BALTIC STATES AND THE NORDIC 
ELSPOT TRADE AREAS IN 2020. EUR/MWH
Jan.
Feb.
March
April
May
June
July
August
Sept.
Oct.
Nov.
Dec.
50
45
40
35
30
25
20
15
10
EUR/MWh
Average Elspot price in the Baltic states
Finland (FI)
Sweden (SE4)
30,82
27,98
24,01
23,51
24,69
38,36
31,20
42,54
39,67
37,69
41,09
45,37
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls
Group
2020 or 31.12.2020 
thous. EUR
2019 or 31.12.2019 
thous. EUR
2020 or 31.12.2020 
thous. EUR
NET TURNOVER
 
 
Electricity Transmission
   147 348 
184 742 
  123 421 
Gas transmission
 -
- 
  12 528 
Gas storage
- 
- 
  8 886 
EBITDA
 
 
Electricity Transmission
   43 366 
   40 515 
  44 812 
Gas transmission
- 
 -
  6 394 
Gas storage
- 
- 
  4 867 
SEGMENT NET PROFIT
 
 
Electricity Transmission
9 606 
   2 966 
13 871 
Gas transmission
- 
- 
2 268 
Gas storage
- 
- 
1 893 
SEGMENT ASSETS
 
 
Electricity Transmission
   771 131 
   221 875 
771 131 
Gas transmission
- 
- 
232 042 
Gas storage
- 
- 
205 886 
SEGMENT INFORMATION
17
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 90 ---
The net turnover of JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls in 2020 
is EUR 147,348,276, including revenue from electricity 
transmission network services of EUR 73,377,414, 
which makes up 50% of the Parent Company’s 
net turnover. The parent company’s profit for the 
reporting period is EUR 9,999,392, including the 
profit from electricity transmission EUR 9,606,184.
When evaluating the Parent Company’s financial 
performance indicators, economic performance, 
it should be taken into account that in accordance 
with Section 5 of the Energy Law, electricity 
transmission is a regulated sector; PUC determines 
the Parent Company’s allowable profit, determining 
the rate of return on capital by approving the tariffs 
for electricity transmission system services.
The profitability of the parent company from the 
provision of electricity transmission services in 
2020 complies with the provisions of the Electricity 
Transmission System Service Tariff Methodology.
The procedure for determining and calculating 
remuneration is regulated in the parent company’s 
internal regulatory documents in accordance with 
the requirements of the legislation of the Republic of 
Latvia.
Electricity transmission 
segment
In August-December 2020, the total net turnover of 
the segments is EUR 21,413,256, profit EUR 4,161,231. 
Revenues of the natural gas transmission segment in 
August-December 2020 are EUR 12,527,640, and of 
the natural gas storage segment - EUR 8,885,616.
Natural gas transmission and storage is a regulated 
operating segment. Revenues of the transmission 
segment are calculated in accordance with the 
methodology, return on capital approved by the 
PUC.
Natural gas transmission and storage 
segment
Financial Risk Management of the Augstsprieguma 
tīkls Group is implemented in accordance with the 
Financial Risk Management Policy and its subordinate 
Financial Risk Management Regulations.
Group companies, in which the interest of 
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls is less than 100%, however, 
have a direct decisive influence on the basis of 
participation within the meaning of the Group 
Law, and develop and approve their Financial Risk 
Management Policies, if necessary, which are in line 
with the basic principles of the Group’s policy.
The management of financial resources is focused 
on ensuring the financing of its business activities 
and financial stability by implementing conservative 
financial risk management. As part of financial risk 
management, the Parent Company uses financial risk 
controls and implements risk mitigation measures to 
reduce the risk in open positions.
The Parent Company complies with prudential 
liquidity risk management, ensuring that appropriate 
financial resources are available to it for the 
settlement of liabilities within the set time periods.
Financial risk management
The financial assets that potentially expose the 
Parent Company to a certain degree of risk 
concentration are mainly cash and trade receivables. 
Although the Parent Company has a significant risk 
concentration in relation to one counterparty or a 
group of similar counterparties, this risk is assessed 
as limited, taking into account the fact that the most 
important Parent Company’s cooperation partner is 
the state-owned company Latvenergo, as well as the 
capital companies of its Group. Trade receivables are 
presented according to the recoverable value.
In cooperation with banks and financial institutions, 
such business partners are accepted, the credit 
rating or credit rating of the parent bank of which, 
set by an international credit rating agency, is at least 
at the investment grade level.
The management forecasts that it will not have 
liquidity problems and the Augstsprieguma tīkls 
Group will be able to settle with creditors within the 
set deadlines. The management believes that the 
Augstsprieguma tīkls Group will have sufficient cash 
resources so that its liquidity will not be endangered.
18
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 91 ---
Pursuant to the decisions of the Cabinet of Ministers 
of the Republic of Latvia of 8 October 2019 and 17 
December 2019, the reorganisation of transmission 
system asset ownership rights was implemented in 
2020 (detailed information on the reorganisation is 
provided in the section “Transmission system asset 
ownership rights reform”).
JSC Latvijas elektriskie tīkli received loans from the 
parent company JSC Latvenergo in accordance with 
the agreement “On provision of mutual financial 
resources” concluded within the Latvenergo Group 
to ensure the functions of the transmission system 
asset owner until the change of shareholder. On 
8 May 2020, an agreement was concluded between 
the parent company AS Latvenergo and AS Latvijas 
elektriskie tīkli on merging the long-term loans of 
AS Latvijas elektriskie tīkli, refinancing the previously 
concluded loans in the amount of EUR 184,725 
thousand, and envisaging a new loan repayment 
schedule, as well as setting a fixed interest rate in 
accordance with the weighted average interest rate 
at which Latvenergo AS attracts loans in the foreign 
market.
After investing the shares of JSC “Latvijas elektriskie 
tīkli” in JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls”, the Company 
ensures the attraction of the borrowed capital 
necessary for financing capital investments. The 
amount of borrowings of JSC Latvijas elektriskie 
tīkli from the parent company JSC Latvenergo on 
16 June 2020, the shares of which were invested in 
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls, was EUR 225,232 
thousand.
On 18 June 2020, JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls 
signed a loan agreement with AS SEB banka 
for the amount of EUR 116,200 thousand 
with a maturity of 18 months and an interest rate 
of 3 months EURIBOR and the added interest rate 
(see also Note 22). The purpose of this loan is to 
partially refinance the liabilities of JSC “Latvijas 
Financing and liquidity
elektriskie tīkli” to JSC “Latvenergo”. Using a JSC SEB 
banka loan and the own funds available to AS 
Augstsprieguma tīkls, on 19 June 2020 the loan from 
AS Latvenergo was refinanced in the amount of EUR 
138,560 thousand.
The Board of JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls has approved 
the Financing Attraction Strategy for 2021–2025; 
a refinancing plan for existing liabilities has been 
developed and approved. It is planned to refinance 
the JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls loan against JSC SEB 
banka in the amount of EUR 116,200 thousand in 
2021 by issuing bonds. The Company’s management 
believes that JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls will be able to 
attract the necessary resources to refinance loans.
For the financing of working capital, an 
overdraft agreement was concluded between 
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls and JSC SEB banka for 
up to EUR 20,000 thousand. During the reporting 
period, JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls did not receive 
any loans within the framework of the overdraft 
agreement.
The natural gas operator JSC Conexus Baltic Grid 
attracts external financing with its own resources.
In October 2020, the Company initiated the credit 
rating procedure by concluding an agreement with 
the international credit rating agency S&P Global 
Ratings.
The international credit rating agency 
S&P Global Ratings (S&P) has for the 
first time assessed and assigned the 
long-term credit rating BBB+/Stable 
to the Latvian transmission system operator 
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls.
19
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 92 ---
ELECTRICITY TRANSMISSION SYSTEM SERVICES TARIFF
The electricity transmission services tariffs are 
determined in accordance with the “Methodology 
for calculating tariffs for electricity transmission 
system services” approved by the PUC. In 2020, 
transmission system services were provided at tariffs 
that were approved by the decision of the PUC 
Council on 4 April 2017.
By PUC Council Decision No. 153 of 26 November 
2020, tariffs for electricity transmission services 
for the regulatory period from 1 January 2021 to 31 
December 2022 were approved. In the draft tariff 
developed by the parent company, the costs of 
transmission services are 5% lower than in the 
current tariff.
The Parent Company has set the 
implementation of measures to reduce the increase 
in electricity transmission system service tariffs as 
one of the priority objectives. In order to achieve 
the set goal, the Parent Company actively attracts 
European Union (EU) co-financing to finance capital 
investments. Currently, EU co-financing is attracted 
for five capital investment projects. In addition, in 
order to minimise the impact on the transmission 
tariffs, the Company redistributes the accumulated 
overload charge revenue to finance the capital 
investments.
In 2020, activities started in 2017 to improve the 
efficiency of the Company’s business processes and 
cost optimisation were continued.
As a result of the AST activities, 80% 
of the financing required for the 
implementation of the development 
projects included in the European 
ten-year development plan is covered by EU 
co-financing and overload charge revenues, 
thus reducing the impact on the electricity 
transmission system service tariffs.
20
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 93 ---
FURTHER DEVELOPMENT
The parent company’s main focus is on sustainable 
growth in order to improve the services provided to 
Latvian and Baltic electricity market participants.
STRATEGIC DIRECTION OF THE PARENT COMPANY  
IS FOCUSED ON
DIGITAL 
TRANSFORMATION
QUALITY 
ENERGY SUPPLY
Innovation-orientated high-
quality energy supply at the 
lowest possible tariff
FINANCIAL  
STABILITY
To ensure the optimal return on public 
investment, financial risk management
ENERGY 
SAFETY
Synchronisation and integration 
with the European transmission 
networks, including the electricity 
and ancillary services markets
SOCIAL 
LIABILITY
Safe working 
environment, 
employee 
involvement and 
social responsibility 
towards society
SUSTAINABLE AND  
EFFECTIVE GOVERNANCE
Continuous efficiency improvement, 
modern and transparent 
management
21
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 94 ---
The decision of the PUC Council of 20 October 
2020 “On the Development Plan of the Electricity 
Transmission System” approved the development 
plan of the electricity transmission system developed 
by AST for the period from 2021 to 2030 (hereinafter 
also – the Development Plan).
The development plan has been developed 
in accordance with AST’s strategic goal - 
strengthening Latvia’s energy security by 
synchronising the Latvian electricity transmission 
network with the continental European network, 
observing compliance with the principles of security 
and cost-effectiveness.
The approved Development Plan determines the 
development of the transmission system and the 
necessary financial investments in the transmission 
infrastructure for the next 10 years, envisaging the 
investment of EUR 405 million in the development 
of the electricity transmission system, including 
EU co-financing of EUR 177 million and EUR 37 
million revenue from congestion charges. Both of 
the above sources of capital investment financing, 
which together account for 53% of the planned 
investments over the next 10 years, reduce the 
impact of realised capital investments on the 
electricity transmission tariff, as assets financed from 
Development of the Electricity 
Transmission System
EU co-financing or congestion fee revenues are not 
included in the calculation of electricity transmission 
tariffs.
In order to minimise the impact of the planned 
capital investments on electricity transmission tariffs, 
AST has successfully attracted EU co-financing for 
projects of common European interest included in 
the Development Plan, including:
	The third 330 kV interconnection between Estonia 
and Latvia is connected
	EU co-financing of up to 65% of eligible costs or 
EUR 63 380 thousand.
	The Project “Synchronisation of the Baltic Power 
System with the Trans-European Network, 
Phase 1” – attracted EU co-financing of up to 75% 
of eligible costs, or EUR 57 750 thousand.
	Project “Synchronisation of the Baltic Electricity 
Transmission System with the European Network, 
Phase 2” – EU co-financing of 75% of the eligible 
costs or EUR 55 500 thousand has been attracted 
for urgent projects of Phase 2 2020.
INVESTMENTS ENVISAGED IN THE DEVELOPMENT PLAN, 
MILLION EUR
Substations
Other measures
Replacements of auto-transformers 
and transformers
Phase 1 of synchronisation
Cable lines
3. EE-LV
Overhead lines
Phase 2 of synchronisation
74,7
37,2
80,1
36
76,5
0,5
99,5
0,6
22
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 95 ---
DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS INCLUDED IN THE 10-YEAR EUROPEAN DEVELOPMENT PLAN
2020
L A T V IJ A
Salaspils
Aizkraukle
Krustpils
Rēzekne
Līksna
Valmiera
Grobiņa
Brocēni
Viskaļi
Ventspils
Tsirguliina
Telšiai
Šiauliai
Panevežys
Zarasai
Paroveja
Nereta
Ruusmae
Alūksne
Pskov
Velikoretskaya
Polotsk
Bišuciems
Tume
Rīgas HES
Kilingi-Nomme
2019
2020
Mūša
2023
2024
Daugavpils
Valka
Rīgas TEC-1 
Rīgas TEC-2 
Imanta
Implementing the policy of the European Union 
regarding the single electricity market, the strategic 
direction of JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls is focused on 
the development of electricity and ancillary services 
markets and integration into European markets.
Over the coming years, it is planned to continue 
working on the development and improvement 
of the single European day-ahead and intraday 
market. This will include new opportunities for 
participants in the European Union’s internal 
electricity market, including Latvian and Baltic 
market participants.
Currently, several projects are being launched, and 
upon their implementation market participants will 
have the opportunity to participate in the day-ahead 
and intraday market with 15 minutes’ time resolution 
and work with energy and transmission power 
inclusive products, similar to the current day-ahead 
market.
It is also planned to continue working on the 
establishment of the single European mFRR market 
platform and on the accession of the Baltic TSO 
to it, which will allow the Baltic balancing service 
providers to participate in the pan-European reserve 
market.
To join the platform, a number of changes will have 
to be made to the operation of the pan-Baltic 
balancing model, the most important of which is 
to ensure the transition to the 15-minute balancing 
market period, which will allow electricity market 
System Management and Electricity 
Market Development
participants to plan their operations more accurately 
and control system imbalances more effectively.
The main challenges for the upcoming years will be 
related to the synchronisation of the Baltic states 
with continental Europe.
On 28 June 2018, the Prime Ministers of the 
Baltic states and the President of the European 
Commission signed a synchronisation roadmap with 
the recommended next steps for synchronisation 
with continental Europe and desynchronisation with 
the Russian unified electricity system.
On 14 September 2018, the European Commission 
supported the synchronisation of the Baltic states at 
the political level and recommended the initiation of 
the procedure for the synchronisation of the Baltic 
states with continental Europe.
On 22 May 2019, JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls signed 
the Agreement on the conditions of the future 
interconnection of the power system of the Baltic 
states and power system of continental Europe.
Synchronisation of the Baltic states with continental 
Europe is expected by 2025.
Synchronisation will result in the Baltic electric 
power transmission system becoming part of the 
European system, meaning more independence from 
Russia and a more reliable electric power supply.
23
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 96 ---
Considering the priorities set in the energy policy 
planning documents, the development of the 
natural gas transmission and storage segment is 
focused on:
1.	Strengthening Latvia’s security of supply 
by ensuring the safe and stable operation 
of the natural gas transmission system and 
storage infrastructure and high-quality, non-
discriminatory and transparent service to system 
users, while promoting the involvement of new 
market participants in the market;
2.	Promoting energy sustainability and reducing 
energy dependency by assessing and facilitating 
the development of the gas transmission 
system with a view to facilitating the injection 
of alternative energy sources to natural gas into 
the transmission system and storage, as well as 
integrating solutions for the reduction of carbon 
footprints.
3.	Promoting the liquidity of the gas market through 
the full integration, expansion and harmonisation 
of market rules in the regional gas market.
CIRCUMSTANCES AND EVENTS AFTER THE END 
OF THE REPORTING YEAR
According to the audited annual report of 
JSC Conexus Baltic Grid for 2020, the profit of 
JSC Conexus Baltic Grid in 2020 is EUR 13,111,806. In 
accordance with the announcement of JSC Conexus 
Baltic Grid of 12 April 2021 on convening the regular 
shareholders’ meeting of JSC Conexus Baltic Grid 
in 2021, it is planned to pay dividends of EUR 2.14 per 
share from the profit of previous years. Considering 
the number of shares of JSC Conexus Baltic Grid 
owned by the Company, the Company will receive 
EUR 58,286 thousand. JSC Conexus Baltic Grid 
Shareholders’ Meeting was convened on 12 May 2021.
On 26 February 2021, JSC Conexus Baltic Grid 
entered into a loan agreement with Nordic 
Investment Bank in the amount of EUR 30 mln, with 
the payment term until 4 March 2038.
In 2021, restrictions related to the spread of the 
coronavirus will continue in the Republic of Latvia 
and many other countries, which will significantly 
reduce economic development in the country 
and in the world. It is not possible to foresee the 
situation’s development in the future, and thus there 
is uncertainty about economic development. The 
Company’s management continuously evaluates 
the situation; at the time of approval of the annual 
report the Company has not encountered significant 
disruptions in business operations, no significant 
or potentially significant debt losses have been 
identified, the Company continues to cover liabilities 
in a timely manner. However, this conclusion is 
based on the information available at the time 
of preparation of the document; as influencing 
circumstances change, the impact on the Company’s 
operations may differ from the current assessment.
After the end of the reporting period there were no 
other material circumstances or events that could 
affect the future development of the Company.
Transmission and Storage of Natural Gas
24
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 97 ---
PROFIT DISTRIBUTION PROPOSALS
The management of JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls, 
fulfilling the provisions of Section 28 of the Law on 
the Management of Capital Shares of Public Entities 
and Capital Companies, in accordance with Section 
35 of the Law on the State Budget for 2021, proposes 
to pay EUR 2,715,775 in dividends to the state 
(including corporate income tax).
The profit distribution for 2020 is decided by the 
shareholders’ meeting of JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls.
Riga, 20 May 2021
Imants Zviedris 
Board Member
Gatis Junghāns 
Board Member
Mārcis Kauliņš 
Board Member
Māra Grava, 
Head of the Finance and 
Accounting Department
25
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 98 ---
STATEMENT 
OF BOARD’S 
RESPONSIBILITY

--- Page 99 ---
The Board of the Parent Company is responsible for 
the preparation of the financial statements.
Financial statements of Augstsprieguma tīkls 
Group and JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls are prepared 
on the basis of accounting records and source 
documents and fairly present the financial position 
of the Company as of 31 December 2020, results of 
operations and cash flows for the year 2020.
The Board confirms that the separate financial 
statements included on pages 38 to 81 for the 
year ended on 31 December 2020 were prepared 
using appropriate accounting policies that have 
been consistently applied and that the Board has 
provided reasonable and prudent conclusions and 
estimates. The Board also confirms that the financial 
statements have been prepared in accordance 
with the relevant International Financial Reporting 
Standards as adopted by the European Union. The 
Financial statements are prepared on the principles 
of the continuation of activities.
Riga, 20 May 2021
Imants Zviedris 
Board Member
Gatis Junghāns 
Board Member
Mārcis Kauliņš 
Board Member
Māra Grava, 
Head of the Finance and 
Accounting Department
27
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 100 ---
CONSOLIDATED 
AND SEPARATE 
FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS

--- Page 101 ---
PROFIT OR LOSS STATEMENT FOR 2020
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls
Group
2020 
 
EUR
2019 
 
EUR
2020 
 
EUR
2019 
 
EUR
Revenue
3
147 348 276
184 742 077 
144 886 178 
184 742 077
Other income from business activities
4
849 007 
251 390 
1 809 530 
251 390
Used raw materials and materials, 
repair costs
5
(22 634 111)
(28 640 577)
(26 166 763)
(28 640 577)
Staff costs
6
(16 710 622)
(16 230 471)
(21 876 121)
(16 230 471)
Other business costs
7
(66 509 417)
(99 607 516)
(43 624 394)
(99 607 516)
EBITDA
 
42 343 133
40 514 903 
55 028 430
40 514 903
Depreciation and amortisation
2.6, 9
(37 153 607)
(36 002 386)
(40 626 860)
(36 002 386)
OPERATING PROFIT
 
5 189 526
4 512 517 
14 401 570 
4 512 517
Income from participation
10
5 604 642
4 193 864 
3 080 996
5 955 579
incl. income from investments using 
the equity method
-
-
3 080 996
5 862 636
Net gain on acquisition of a controlling 
interest
25
- 
-
50 326 017 
-
Financial income, net
8
(794 776)
(1 639 407)
(1 597 042)
(1 639 407)
PROFIT BEFORE TAX
 
9 999 392
7 066 974 
66 211 541
8 828 689
Corporate income tax
(853 056)
PROFIT FOR THE ACCOUNTING YEAR
 
9 999 392
7 066 974 
65 358 485
8 828 689
Applicable to:
Non-controlling interest
 
 
 
 1 307 174 
-
PARENT COMPANY SHAREHOLDERS
 
9 999 392 
7 066 974 
64 051 311
8 828 689
Annexes from page 38 to 81 are an integral part of these financial statements.
Riga, 20 May 2021
Imants Zviedris 
Board Member
Gatis Junghāns 
Board Member
Mārcis Kauliņš 
Board Member
Māra Grava, 
Head of the Finance and 
Accounting Department
29
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 102 ---
STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR 2020
Annex
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls
Group
2020 
 
EUR
2019 
 
EUR
2020 
 
EUR
2019 
 
EUR
PROFIT/(LOSS) FOR THE YEAR
 
9 999 392 
 7 066 974 
65 358 485 
8 828 689
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or 
loss statement
Other income:
 
Eligible portion of other income of the 
associate
-
-
28 120 629
-
Actuarial gains/losses
 
384 250
259 393
 389 738
259 393
Other income for the reporting year
 
384 250
259 393
28 510 367
259 393
CONSOLIDATED INCOME FOR THE YEAR
 
 10 383 642
 7 326 367 
 93 868 852
9 088 082
Applicable to:
Non-controlling interest
 
-
-
1 315 449
-
PARENT COMPANY SHAREHOLDERS
 
 10 383 642 
 7 326 367 
 92 553 403
9 088 082
Annexes from page 38 to 81 are an integral part of these financial statements.
Riga, 20 May 2021
Imants Zviedris 
Board Member
Gatis Junghāns 
Board Member
Mārcis Kauliņš 
Board Member
Māra Grava, 
Head of the Finance and 
Accounting Department
30
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 103 ---
STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2020
Annex
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls
Group
31.12.2020 
EUR
31.12.2019 
EUR
31.12.2020.  
EUR
31.12.2019 
EUR
ASSETS
LONG-TERM INVESTMENTS
Intangible investments
9
1 435 210 
50 413 419 
3 307 881
50 413 419
Fixed assets
9
654 359 778 
5 491 202 
1 067 674 394
5 491 202
Right-of-use assets
2.6
14 212 293 
35 920 323 
14 715 877
35 920 323
Long-term prepaid expenses
- 
-
1 209 438
-
Long-term financial investments
10
134 396 393 
59 297 858 
1 422
112 684 610
including investments valued 
according to the equity method
-
- 
-
110 780 752
TOTAL LONG-TERM INVESTMENTS
804 403 674 
151 122 802 
1 086 909 012 
204 509 554
CURRENT ASSETS
INVENTORIES
11
514 087 
480 112 
3 535 090
480 112
DEBTORS
Net Trade receivables
12
1 673 797 
7 966 220 
8 528 491
7 966 220
Deposits
13
25 000 000 
20 000 000 
25 000 000
20 000 000
Other debtors
13
31 647 751 
22 722 
31 740 753
22 722
Corporate income tax
13
11 512 
11 512 
11 512
11 512
Deferred expenses
629 093 
337 584 
979 586
337 584
Accrued revenue
14
9 422 703 
13 777 092 
9 422 703
13 777 092
TOTAL DEBTORS
68 384 856 
42 115 130 
75 683 045
42 115 130
CASH
32 224 560 
28 216 327 
47 388 296
28 216 327
TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS
101 123 503
70 811 569 
126 606 431
70 811 569
TOTAL ASSETS
905 527 177 
221 934 371 
1 213 515 443
275 321 123
Annexes from page 38 to 81 are an integral part of these financial statements.
Riga, 20 May 2021
Imants Zviedris 
Board Member
Gatis Junghāns 
Board Member
Mārcis Kauliņš 
Board Member
Māra Grava, 
Head of the Finance and 
Accounting Department
31
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 104 ---
STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION ON 31 DECEMBER 2020
Annex
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls
Group
31.12.2020 
EUR
31.12.2019 
EUR
31.12.2020.  
EUR
31.12.2019 
EUR
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY
EQUITY
Share capital
363 896 079 
64 218 079 
363 896 079
64 218 079
Reserves
16
4 172 258 
2 786 621 
6 304 575
2 756 459
Retained earnings (accumulated 
losses)
6 741 633 
(4 115 963)
82 722 433
47 539 236
Profit for the reporting year
9 999 392 
7 066 974 
64 051 311
8 828 689
Non-controlling interest
- 
- 
122 228 140
TOTAL EQUITY
384 809 362 
69 955 711 
639 202 537
123 342 463
LONG-TERM LIABILITIES
Employee benefit obligations
2 636 255 
2 966 213 
3 664 749
2 966 213
Lease liabilities
2.6.
13 761 561 
-
14 215 413
-
Loans
20
 86 672 207 
-
86 672 207
-
Deferred revenue
17
279 847 333 
89 963 992 
290 629 069
89 963 992
Advance payments received
18
162 277 
-
162 277
-
TOTAL LONG-TERM LIABILITIES
383 079 633 
92 930 205 
395 343 715 
92 930 205
SHORT-TERM LIABILITIES
Loans
20
116 200 000 
-
138 075 000
-
Lease liabilities
2.6.
657 434 
37 475 766 
717 652
37 475 766
Deferred revenue
17
5 973 540 
4 946 387 
7 226 470
4 946 387
Trade payables
4 908 151 
6 099 120 
12 544 628
6 099 120
Taxes and mandatory state social 
insurance contributions
21
1 754 449 
864 001 
2 811 710
864 001
Deferred corporate income tax 
liabilities
25
- 
- 
5 152 360
-
Advance payments received
18
602 252 
82 723 
1 255 537
82 723
Other creditors
18
2 232 912 
3 218 170 
2 963 606
3 218 170
Accrued liabilities
19
5 309 444 
6 362 288 
8 222 228
6 362 288
TOTAL SHORT-TERM LIABILITIES
137 638 182 
59 048 455 
178 969 191
59 048 455
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY
905 527 177 
221 934 371 
1 213 515 443 
275 321 123
Annexes from page 38 to 81 are an integral part of these financial statements.
(continued)
Riga, 20 May 2021
Imants Zviedris 
Board Member
Gatis Junghāns 
Board Member
Mārcis Kauliņš 
Board Member
Māra Grava, 
Head of the Finance and 
Accounting Department
32
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 105 ---
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY FOR 2020
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls
Share  
capital 
EUR
Profit for the 
reporting year 
EUR
Reserves 
EUR
Total 
EUR
BALANCE ON 31 DECEMBER 2018
63 139 313
4 677 118
2 527 228
70 343 659
Profit for the reporting period
-
7 066 974
-
7 066 974
Other income for the reporting period
-
-
259 393
259 393
Total consolidated income for the reporting year
-
7 066 974
259 393
7 326 367
Dividends paid for 2018
-
(3 598 352)
-
(3 598 352)
Share capital increase
1 078 766
(1 078 766)
-
-
Implementation of IFRS16
-
(4 115 963)
-
(4 115 963)
BALANCE ON 31 DECEMBER 2019
64 218 079
2 951 011
2 786 621
69 955 711
Profit for the reporting period
-
9 999 392
-
9 999 392
Other income for the reporting year
-
-
384 250
384 250
Total consolidated income for the reporting year
-
9 999 392
384 250
10 383 642
Dividends paid for 2019
-
(1 735 958)
-
(1 735 958)
Transfer of retained earnings
-
315 146
(315 146) 
-
Share capital increase
299 678 000
- 
- 
299 678 000
Addition of JSC Latvijas elektriskie tīkli as a result 
of reorganisation
-
5 211 434
(27 336 704)
(22 125 270)
Recognition of revaluation reserve as a result of 
reorganisation
-
-
28 653 237
28 653 237
BALANCE ON 31 DECEMBER 2020
363 896 079
16 741 025
4 172 258
384 809 362
Annexes from page 38 to 81 are an integral part of these financial statements.
Riga, 20 May 2021
Imants Zviedris 
Board Member
Gatis Junghāns 
Board Member
Mārcis Kauliņš 
Board Member
Māra Grava, 
Head of the Finance and 
Accounting Department
33
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 106 ---
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY FOR 2020
(continued)
Group
Share  
capital 
EUR
Retained 
profit 
EUR
Reserves 
EUR
Non-controlling 
interest 
EUR
Total 
EUR
BALANCE ON 31 DECEMBER 2018
63 139 313
56 332 317
2 527 227
-
121 998 858
Profit for the reporting period
-
8 828 689
-
-
8 828 689
Other income for the reporting period
-
-
259 393
-
259 393
Total comprehensive income for the 
reporting year
-
8 828 689
259 393
-
9 088 082
Dividends paid for 2018
-
(3 598 352)
-
-
(3 598 352)
Share capital increase
1 078 766
(1 078 766)
-
-
-
Changes in reserves
-
-
(30 162)
-
(30 162)
Implementation of IFRS16
-
(4 115 963)
-
-
(4 115 963)
BALANCE ON 31 DECEMBER 2019
64 218 079
56 367 925
2 756 459
-
123 342 463
Profit for the reporting period
-
64 051 311
-
1 307 174
65 358 485
Other income for the reporting year
-
-
28 502 092
8 275
28 510 367
Total comprehensive income for the 
reporting year
-
64 051 311
28 502 092
1 315 449
93 868 852
Dividends paid for 2019
-
(1 735 958)
- 
-
(1 735 958)
Transfer of revaluation surplus upon 
acquisition of control of an associate
28 090 467
(28 090 467)
-
-
Share capital increase
299 678 000
- 
- 
-
299 678 000
Transaction between companies under 
common control – acquisition of 
revaluation reserve (see Annex 25)
-
-
28 915 196
28 915 196
Transaction between companies under 
common control – net result (see Annex 25)
-
-
(25 778 705)
-
(25 778 705)
Acquisition of a subsidiary with a non-
controlling interest (see Annex 25)
-
-
-
120 912 690
120 912 690
BALANCE ON 31 DECEMBER 2020
363 896 079
146 773 745
6 304 575
122 228 140
639 202 537
Annexes from page 38 to 81 are an integral part of these financial statements.
Riga, 20 May 2021
Imants Zviedris 
Board Member
Gatis Junghāns 
Board Member
Mārcis Kauliņš 
Board Member
Māra Grava, 
Head of the Finance and 
Accounting Department
34
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 107 ---
CASH FLOW STATEMENT FOR 2020
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls
GROUP
2020 
 
EUR
2019 
 
EUR
2020 
 
EUR
2019 
 
EUR
I. CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
 
 
 
 
Profit or loss before taxes
9 999 392
7 066 974
66 211 541
8 828 689
ADJUSTMENTS:
 
 
 
 
Amortisation, depreciation and impairment in 
value of intangible assets, fixed assets and rights 
to use assets
37 193 434
34 876 365
(40 626 860)
34 876 365
Increase/(decrease) in provisions
24 511
307 322
(70 992)
307 322
Financial adjustment, net
259 247
1 640 012
(1 597 042)
1 640 012
Gains/losses on disposal of property, plant and 
equipment
-
-
(113 306)
-
Expenditure on disposal of shares in associates 
or associates
172 393
-
172 393
Income from dividends
(5 604 641)
(4 193 864)
(5 604 642)
(92 943)
Income from participation/Net gain from 
acquisition of controlling interest
(50 327 298)
Gain/(loss) on an investment in an associate
(3 080 996)
(5 862 636)
ADJUSTMENTS:
 
Decrease/(increase) in trade receivables
45 991 954
(6 120 731)
112 695 234
(6 120 731)
(Increase)/decrease of stocks
(11 378)
11 655
67 284
11 655
(Decrease)/increase of debts to suppliers and 
other creditors
(39 067 283) 
(12 443 962)
25 864 252
(12 443 962)
Gross cash flow from operating activities
48 957 629
21 143 771
103 589 568
21 143 771
Interest payments
(19 668)
(1 336)
(189 543)
(1 336)
Corporate income tax payments
(347 192)
(719 670)
(347 192)
(719 670)
Net cash flow from operating activities
48 590 769
20 422 765
103 052 833
20 422 765
Annexes from page 38 to 81 are an integral part of these financial statements.
Riga, 20 May 2021
Imants Zviedris 
Board Member
Gatis Junghāns 
Board Member
Mārcis Kauliņš 
Board Member
Māra Grava, 
Head of the Finance and 
Accounting Department
35
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 108 ---
CASH FLOW STATEMENT FOR 2020
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls
GROUP
2020 
 
EUR
2019 
 
EUR
2020 
 
EUR
2019 
 
EUR
II. CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Acquisition and creation of fixed assets and 
intangible investments
(13 010 361)
(48 038 787)
(57 470 246)
(48 038 787)
Income from the sale of fixed assets and 
intangible investments
283 386
-
283 386
-
Investment in subsidiary, net of cash acquired
(77 000 000)
-
(63 004 135)
-
Interest income
18 200
44 224
18 200
44 224
Placed deposits, Net
(5 000 000)
30 000 000
(5 000 000)
30 000 000
Dividends received
5 604 642
4 193 864
5 604 642
4 193 864
Proceeds from the sale of shares
1 729 072
-
1 729 072
-
Net cash flow from investing activities
(87 375 061)
(13 800 699)
(117 839 081)
(13 800 699)
III. CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Asset lease payments
(27 906 863)
(34 447 033)
(18 789 303)
(34 447 033)
Asset lease interest payments
(145 981)
-
(145 981)
-
Received EU funding
3 035 039
2 283 076
3 035 039
2 283 076
Loans from credit institutions, net
116 200 000
-
116 200 000
-
Loans from credit institutions, repaid
-
-
(1 458 333)
-
Repayment of loans from an associate
(138 560 000)
-
(138 560 000)
-
Loan repayment expenses
(796 276)
-
(1 611 035)
-
Interest payments, net
300 917
-
(455 450)
-
Equity capital increase
77 000 000
77 000 000
Dividends paid
(1 388 766)
(2 878 682)
(1 388 766)
(2 878 682)
Net cash flow from financing activities
27 738 070
(35 042 639)
33 826 171
(35 042 639)
Net increase/(decrease) in net cash and cash 
equivalents during the reporting period
(11 046 222)
(28 420 573)
19 039 923
(28 420 573)
Money taken over from JSC Latvijas elektriskie 
tīkli
15 054 455
132 046
Balance of cash and equivalents thereof at the 
beginning of the reporting year
28 216 327
56 636 900
28 216 327
56 636 900
Balance of cash and equivalents thereof at the 
end of the reporting year
32 224 560
28 216 327
47 388 296
28 216 327
Annexes from page 38 to 81 are an integral part of these financial statements.
(continued)
Riga, 20 May 2021
Imants Zviedris 
Board Member
Gatis Junghāns 
Board Member
Mārcis Kauliņš 
Board Member
Māra Grava, 
Head of the Finance and 
Accounting Department
36
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 109 ---
ANNEXES TO THE 
CONSOLIDATED 
AND SEPARATE 
FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS

--- Page 110 ---
1. GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP
The principal activity of the Augstsprieguma tīkls 
Group is the provision of electricity transmission 
system operator functions, efficient management 
of energy supply system assets, natural gas 
transmission and storage.
As at 31 December 2020, Augstsprieguma tīkls 
Group structure consists of a group of commercial 
companies in which the parent company 
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls has a decisive influence 
and which includes the subsidiary JSC Conexus 
Baltic Grid.
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls is a transmission system 
operator, licensed by the Public Utilities Commission 
under licence No. E12001, that ensures the security 
of the operation of the transmission network and 
the power supply system of Latvia, provides the 
transmission service on the basis of published 
transmission service tariffs, and ensures the 
availability of the transmission system services on a 
continuous basis.
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” is engaged in the 
operational management of the transmission system 
and ensures secure and reliable electric power 
transmission.
All shares of JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls are owned by 
the state and their holder is the Ministry of Finance of 
the Republic of Latvia. The registered address of the 
Company is Dārzciema iela 86, Riga, LV-1073, Latvia.
The financial statements were approved by the 
Board of the Company on 20 May 2021 as follows: 
Imants Zviedris (Board Member), Mārcis Kauliņš 
(Board Member), Gatis Junghāns (Board Member).
The auditor of the Company is the certified audit 
company “Deloitte Audits Latvia” LTD, and the 
responsible certified auditor is Inguna Staša.
2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES
This section of the appendix sets out the key 
accounting principles that are used in the 
preparation of the financial statements. These 
principles are applied consistently, reflecting data 
for all periods presented in the report.
The consolidated and separate financial statements 
have been prepared in accordance with International 
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted 
by the European Union on a going concern basis. 
Taking the European Union approval process 
into account, this Annex also presents standards 
and interpretations that have not been approved 
for application in the European Union, as those 
standards and interpretations may have an impact 
on the Company’s financial statements in future 
periods, if they are adopted.
The consolidated and separate financial statements 
have been prepared under the historical cost 
convention, except for items carried at fair value.
The profit or loss statement is classified by type 
of expense. The cash flow statement has been 
prepared using the indirect method.
The financial statements are presented in the 
currency of the Republic of Latvia, the euro 
(hereinafter – EUR).
The comparability of indicators is kept in the 
financial report; in the case when the presentation 
of financial statement information is changed 
during the reporting year, comparative figures are 
reclassified and are comparable.
The separate financial statements cover the 
period from 1 January to 31 December 2020. The 
consolidated financial statements of the Group 
include the financial results of the subsidiary 
JSC Latvijas elektriskie tīkli from 1 June to 30 
September 2020, when the company merged as a 
result of the reorganisation, and the financial results 
of the subsidiary JSC Conexus Baltic Grid from 
1 August 2020 to 31 December.
As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s parent company  
had investments in the following subsidiaries:
Name of subsidiary
Country
Type of business activity
Date of establishment/
acquisition
Shareholding
JSC Conexus Baltic Grid
Latvia
Transmission and Storage of 
Natural Gas
Pipeline transport (NACE 
code 49.50)
21.07.2020.
68.46%
38
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 111 ---
Principles of drawing up financial 
statements
Standards and interpretations applicable during 
the reporting year
Except for the changes described below, the Group 
has consistently applied the accounting policies 
set out in all periods presented in these financial 
statements.
The Group has adopted the new standards and 
amendments to standards described below, 
including the resulting amendments to other 
standards, the date of initial application of which was 
1 January 2020.
Application of new or revised standards and 
interpretations
During the current reporting period, the following 
standards issued by the International Accounting 
Standards Board (IASB) and the new standards 
adopted by the EU, as well as amendments to 
the existing standards and new guidance on the 
interpretation are in force:
	Amendments to IAS 1 “Financial reporting” and 
IAS 8 “Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting 
Estimates, and Errors” – definition of “material” 
(effective for reporting periods starting on 
1 January 2020 or later);
	Amendments to IFRS 3 “Business Combinations” – 
definition of a business (effective for business 
combinations in which the business has been 
acquired during the first reporting period starting 
on 1 January 2020 or later, as well as for asset 
acquisition made at the beginning of this period or 
later);
	Amendments to IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments”, 
IAS 39 “Financial Instruments: Recognition and 
Measurement” and IFRS 7 “Financial Instruments: 
Disclosures” – The reform of the interest rate 
benchmark adopted by the EU on 15 January 2020 
(effective for annual periods beginning on or after 
1 January 2020), issued on 26 January 2019 by the 
IASB;
	Amendments to IFRS 16 “Leases” – Covid-19 
related rental concessions (adopted by the EU on 
9 October 2020 and effective no later than 1 June 
2020 for financial years beginning on or after 1 
January 2020);
	Amendments to references to the conceptual 
framework of IFRSs adopted by the EU on 29 
November 2019 (effective for annual periods 
beginning on or after 1 January 2020).
THE IMPLEMENTATION OF THESE NEW 
STANDARDS, AMENDMENTS TO EXISTING 
STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS DID NOT 
HAVE A SIGNIFICANT IMPACT ON THE GROUP’S 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.
Standards and amendments to existing standards 
issued by the IASB and adopted by the EU but not yet 
effective
At the date of approval of the financial statements, 
the following new standards, amendments to existing 
standards and interpretations issued by the IASB and 
adopted by the EU but not yet effective:
	Amendments to IFRS 4 Insurance Contracts 
“Temporary Exemption from IFRS 9”, adopted by 
the EU on 16 December 2020 (the deadline of the 
temporary exemption from IFRS 9 was extended 
from 1 January 2021 to annual periods beginning on 
or after 1 January 2023);
	Amendments to IFRS 9 “Financial instruments”, IAS 
39 “Financial Instruments: Recognition and 
Measurement”, IFRS 7 “Financial Instruments: 
Disclosures, IFRS 4 “Insurance Contracts” and 
IFRS 16 “Leases” – Reform of the Interest Rate 
Benchmark – Phase 2 adopted by the EU on 13 
January 2021 (effective for annual periods beginning 
on or after 1 January 2021).
The Group decided not to adopt the new 
standards, amendments to existing standards and 
interpretations before their effective date. The Group 
anticipates that the adoption of these standards and 
amendments to existing standards will not have a 
material impact on the Group’s financial statements 
in the period of initial application.
NEW STANDARDS AND AMENDMENTS TO EXISTING 
STANDARDS ISSUED BY THE IASB BUT NOT YET 
ADOPTED BY THE EU
At the moment, the IFRS adopted by the EU do 
not differ significantly from those adopted by the 
International Accounting Standards Board (IASB), 
except for the following standards, amendments of 
existing standards, and guidance on the interpretation 
not yet endorsed by the EU as of 31 December 2020 
(effective dates refer to IFRSs issued by the IASB):
	IFRS 14 “Deferred Items Established by the 
Regulator” (effective for annual periods beginning 
on or after 1 January 2016) – the European 
Commission has decided not to initiate the 
application process for the interim standard, but 
to await the final version of the standard;
	IFRS 17 “Insurance Contracts” and amendments to 
IFRS 17 (effective for reporting periods beginning 
on 1 January 2023 or after).
	Amendments to IAS 1 “Presentation of Financial 
Statements” – classification of liabilities as current 
or non-current (effective for annual periods 
beginning on or after 1 January 2023);
	Amendments to IAS 1 “Presentation of Financial 
Statements” – Disclosure of Accounting Policy 
(effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 
January 2023);
	Amendments to IAS 8 “Accounting Policy, Changes 
in Accounting Estimates, and Errors” – Definition 
of Accounting Estimates (effective for reporting 
periods starting on 1 January 2023 or later);
39
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 112 ---
Amendments to IAS 16 “Fixed Assets” – Revenue 
Before Intended Use (effective for annual periods 
beginning on or after 1 January 2022);
	Amendments to IAS 37 “Provisions, Contingent 
Liabilities and Contingent Assets” – Onerous 
Contracts – Contract Performance Costs 
(effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 
January 2022);
	Amendments to IFRS 3 “Business Combinations” – 
Reference to the Conceptual Framework with 
amendments to IFRS 3 (effective for reporting 
periods beginning on 1 January 2022 or after).
	Amendments to IFRS 10 “Consolidated Financial 
Statements” and IAS 28 “Investments in Associates 
and Joint Ventures” – asset sales or investment 
transaction between the investor and its associate 
or joint venture and further amendments (entry 
into force pending indefinitely until the completion 
of the research project on the equity method).
	Amendments to various standards related to 
“Improvements to IFRSs (2018-2020 Cycle)” 
resulting from the Annual Improvements to 
IFRSs (IFRS 1, IFRS 9, IFRS 16, and IAS 41, mainly 
to eliminate inconsistencies and clarify wording 
(Amendment to IFRS 1 IFRS 9, and IAS 41, shall be 
effective for reporting periods beginning on 1 
January 2022 or after. Amendment to IFRS 16 is for 
illustrative purposes only, so the effective date is 
not specified).
The Group anticipates that the adoption of these 
new standards and amendments to existing 
standards will not have a material impact on the 
Group’s financial statements in the period of initial 
application.
Consolidation
(a) Subsidiaries
A subsidiary is a company that is controlled by 
the Group. Control is presumed to exist when the 
Group has the power to obtain or obtains control 
rights over certain benefits from its interest in an 
investment and if it has the possibility to obtain a 
return by using its impact on its investment (existing 
rights that give a current possibility to determine 
control over the company) (IFRS 10 “Consolidated 
Financial Statements”).
A subsidiary is consolidated from the date on which 
control is transferred from the parent company and 
consolidation is terminated when this control ceases 
to exist.
All transactions between the companies of the 
Augstsprieguma tīikls Group are determined 
according to the market value of the transactions, 
and mutual balances and unrealised gains on 
transactions between the companies of the 
Augstsprieguma tīikls Group are excluded. Uncovered 
losses are also eliminated and are considered an 
indicator of impairment of the transferred asset. If 
necessary, the accounting and valuation methods 
of the subsidiary are changed to ensure compliance 
with the accounting and valuation methods used in 
the Augstsprieguma tīkls Group.
Investments in subsidiaries are stated in the 
Company’s separate financial statements at 
historical cost less impairment losses, if any.
(b) Transactions with minority shareholders
The Company’s transactions with minority 
shareholders are treated as external transactions, 
while the Augstsprieguma tīkls Group’s transactions 
with minority shareholders are treated as 
transactions with the owners of the parent 
company. Gains or losses on transactions with 
minority shareholders are recognised in the profit 
or loss statemen or in equity (IFRS).
(c) Associates
Investments in an associate are investments in a 
company in which the Augstsprieguma tīkls Group 
has a significant influence over the Group company 
(owns 20 percent or more), but does not have 
undisputed sole control over the activities of the 
other company. Investments in associates that are 
not held for sale are classified in the balance sheet 
as non-current financial investments.
Under the equity method, an investment in an 
associate is initially recognised in the consolidated 
statement of financial position at cost and 
subsequently adjusted to recognise the Group’s 
share of the associate’s profit or loss and other 
comprehensive income. If the Group’s share of 
losses of an associate exceeds the Group’s interest 
in that associate (including long-term interests that 
are substantially part of the Group’s net investment 
in the associate), the Group derecognises its share of 
future losses. Additional losses are only recognised 
to the extent that the Group has a present legal or 
constructive obligation or made payments on behalf 
of the associate.
An investment in an associate is accounted for 
using the equity method from the date on which 
the investment becomes an associate. When an 
investment in an associate is acquired, any excess 
of the cost of the investment over the fair value 
of the Group’s share of the net identifiable assets 
and liabilities of the associate is recognised as 
goodwill, which is included in the carrying amount. 
Any excess of the fair value of the Group’s share 
of the identifiable net assets and liabilities of the 
associate after the cost of revaluation is recognised 
immediately in profit or loss in the period in which 
the investment is made.
36. The requirements of IAS are applied to 
determine whether an impairment loss needs to be 
recognised in respect of the Group’s investment 
in an associate. If necessary, the entire carrying 
amount of the investment (including goodwill) is 
reviewed in accordance with IAS 36. as a single asset 
by comparing its recoverable amount (the higher of 
value in use and fair value less costs to sell) with its 
carrying amount. Any reversal of an impairment loss 
is recognised in accordance with IAS 36.
40
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 113 ---
The Group ceases to use the equity method from 
the date on which the investment ceases to be an 
associate. The difference between the carrying 
amount of the associate at the date of termination of 
the equity method and the fair value of the retained 
interest and the gain on disposal of the interest in 
the associate is included in determining the gain or 
loss on disposal.
In addition, the Group accounts for all amounts 
previously recognised in other comprehensive 
income in respect of that associate, as would be the 
case if the associate had disposed of the related 
assets or liabilities directly.
(d) Goodwill
Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for 
using the acquisition method. Acquisition costs are 
measured at the fair value of the assets acquired, 
equity instruments issued and liabilities incurred or 
assumed at the date of the change. Acquisition costs 
are charged to the Profit or Loss Statement in the 
period in which they are incurred. Identifiable assets 
acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities 
assumed in a business combination are measured 
initially at their fair values at the acquisition date, 
irrespective of the extent of any minority interest. 
Goodwill is initially measured as the excess of the 
total sum of an acquisition value and the value of the 
minority interest, and the amount of identified assets 
acquired and liabilities assumed. 
If the amount of the transferred assets is less than the 
fair value of the net assets acquired, the difference is 
recognised in the Profit or Loss Statement. Goodwill 
is presented in the intangible assets section.
Goodwill arising on the acquisition of a company is 
stated at cost, determined at the acquisition date 
of the company, less any accumulated impairment 
losses, if any. Goodwill is tested for impairment 
annually or more frequently if events or changes 
in circumstances indicate that the goodwill may 
be impaired. Impairment losses on goodwill are 
recognised in the consolidated statement of 
comprehensive income.
Business combinations involving 
companies under common control
The Group accounts for a business combination 
involving companies under common control in 
accordance with the pooling of interest method, 
with the acquiring company taking over the carrying 
amounts of the assets and liabilities of the other 
company.
2.1. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised 
in the statement of the financial position of the 
Company when the Company becomes a party to the 
contractual provisions of the instrument.
Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially 
recognised at fair value. Transaction costs that are 
directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of 
a financial asset and financial liabilities (other than 
a financial asset and financial liabilities at fair value 
through the profit or loss statement) are initially 
recognised or deducted from financial assets or fair 
values of financial liabilities.
Financial assets
All financial assets recognised on initial recognition 
are measured at amortised cost or fair value, 
depending on the classification of the financial assets.
Classification of financial assets
Debt instruments that meet the following conditions, 
after initial recognition, are measured at amortised 
cost:
	the financial asset is held within the framework 
of a business model, the purpose of which is to 
hold the financial assets in order to collect the 
contractual cash flows;
	the terms of a financial asset contract generate 
cash flows at specified dates that are only principal 
and interest payments.
Debt instruments that meet the following conditions 
after initial recognition are measured at fair value 
through the statement of Other Comprehensive 
Income (FVTOCI):
	the financial asset is held in a business model, the 
objective of which is achieved both by collecting the 
contractual cash flows and by selling the financial 
asset;
	the terms of a financial asset contract generate cash 
flows at specified dates that are only principal and 
interest payments.
By default, all other financial assets after initial 
recognition are measured at fair value through the 
Profit or Loss Statement (FVTPL).
Notwithstanding the above, upon the initial 
recognition of a financial asset, the Company may 
irrevocably choose:
	to classify equity instruments at fair value through 
other comprehensive income, if certain criteria 
are met.
Equity instruments at fair value through other 
comprehensive income
After initial recognition, the Company may 
irrevocably select (for each instrument separately) 
41
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 114 ---
certain equity instruments at fair value recognised 
in other comprehensive income. This classification 
is not allowed, if the equity instrument is held for 
trading or if it is a variable consideration received as 
a result of business combination.
Investments in equity instruments recognised in 
other comprehensive income are measured initially 
at fair value adding transaction costs. They are 
subsequently measured at fair value, with profit or 
loss arising from changes in fair value, recognised 
in other comprehensive income in the revaluation 
reserve. At the time the equity instrument is 
disposed of, the cumulative gain or loss is not 
reclassified to the profit or loss statement, but it is 
transferred to retained earnings.
Dividends from those investments in equity 
instruments are recognised in the profit or loss 
statement in accordance with IFRS 9, unless 
the dividends clearly represent a return on the 
investment cost.
At the initial application of IFRS 9 the Company has 
classified all investments in equity instruments that 
are not held for trading, in the category at fair value 
through other comprehensive income.
Impairment of financial assets
The Company recognises a deduction for expected 
credit losses on investments in debt instruments 
that are measured at amortised costs or fair value 
recognised in other comprehensive income, lease 
trade receivables, trade receivables, as well as 
financial guarantee contracts. The expected amount 
of credit risk losses shall be reviewed at each date 
of the report to reflect changes in credit risk since 
the initial recognition of the financial instrument. The 
Company always recognises life expectancy credit 
losses on trade receivables and contract assets. The 
expected credit losses from these financial assets are 
calculated by using a provision matrix based on the 
Company’s historical credit loss experience.
Derecognition of financial assets
The Company only derecognises a financial asset 
when the contractual rights to the cash flows from 
the asset expire or when it substantially transfers all 
the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of the 
financial asset to another entity. 
If the Company does not transfer or retain 
substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership 
and continues to control the transferred asset, the 
Company recognises its retained interest and related 
liabilities to the extent that it may be required to pay. 
If the Company substantially retains all the risks and 
rewards of ownership of the transferred financial 
asset, the Company continues to recognise the 
financial asset and also recognises a secured loan for 
revenue received.
Financial liabilities
All financial liabilities are initially measured at 
amortised cost using the effective interest method 
or at fair value, recognising it in the profit or loss 
statement.
Financial liabilities with evaluation at amortised cost
Financial liabilities other than i) the potential 
consideration from the acquirer in a business 
combination, ii) held for trading or iii) initially 
recognised at fair value through the profit or loss 
statement, after initial recognition, are subsequently 
measured at amortised cost using the effective 
interest method.
The effective interest method is the method of 
calculating the amortised cost of financial liabilities 
and allocating the interest expense over the period. 
The effective interest rate is the rate at which 
discounted future cash flows or revenue (including 
any fees and interest paid or received by the parties 
to the contract that are an integral part of the 
effective interest rate, transaction costs and any 
other premiums or discounts) at the expected life 
of the financial asset or financial liability, the gross 
carrying amount of a financial asset, or the amortised 
cost of a financial liability, is precisely obtained.
Derecognition of financial liabilities
The Company only derecognises a financial liability 
when the Company’s liabilities are executed, 
cancelled, or terminated. The difference between 
the book value of financial liabilities and the 
consideration paid or payable is recognised in the 
profit or loss statement.
2.2. TRANSACTIONS IN FOREIGN CURRENCIES
(a) Functional and presentation currency
The items of financial statements of the Company 
are measured in the currency of the economic 
environment in which the Company operates (the 
functional currency). The items of the financial 
statements are presented in euros (EUR), which is the 
Company’s functional and presentation currency.
(b) Transactions and balances
All transactions in foreign currencies are revalued 
into euros at the official exchange rate set by the 
European Central Bank ruling on the date of the 
relevant transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities 
denominated in foreign currencies are converted 
to euros at the exchange rates prevailing on the last 
day of the reporting year. Gained profit or losses are 
recognised in the profit or loss statement for the 
relevant period.
42
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 115 ---
2.3. INTANGIBLE INVESTMENTS AND FIXED ASSETS
All intangible investments are counted at initial 
value less accumulated amortisation. Computer 
software licences, computer software and related 
implementation costs are recognised as intangible 
investments and amortised on a straight-line basis 
over the estimated useful lives of these assets, up to 
five years.
The Group’s property, plant and equipment 
(excluding Buildings and structures and technological 
equipment) are stated at cost less accumulated 
depreciation and accumulated impairment losses. 
The acquisition value includes expenses that are 
directly related to the acquisition of the intangible 
investment or fixed asset. Depreciation of fixed 
assets is calculated using the straight-line method 
over the useful life of the asset, to allocate the 
acquisition cost to its estimated residual value at 
the end of the useful life period. For other fixed 
assets and equipment (means of communication and 
equipment, office supplies and equipment), it shall 
not exceed two to five years.
The main groups of the Group’s fixed assets are real 
estate (buildings and structures) related to electricity 
transmission assets, electricity transmission lines 
and technological equipment, buildings related to 
natural gas transmission and storage, natural gas 
transmission gas pipelines and related technological 
equipment, Inčukalns underground gas storage 
facilities, equipment and machinery related to 
natural gas transmission. Buildings and structures 
and technological equipment are stated at revalued 
amount in the financial statements. Revaluations are 
performed with sufficient regularity to ensure that 
the carrying amount of these assets does not differ 
materially from that which would be determined 
using fair value at the end of the reporting 
period (but at least every five years). Other fixed 
assets, including land, buffer gas in the Inčukalns 
underground gas storage, technological natural gas 
in transmission pipelines and the emergency reserve 
for fixed assets spare parts, are stated at cost.
The increase in value resulting from the revaluation 
of property, plant and equipment is presented in 
the equity item “Reserves”. The revaluation reserve 
is reduced if the revalued property, plant and 
equipment is disposed of, liquidated or there is no 
longer a basis for an increase in value according 
to management’s assessment. The balance of 
the revaluation reserve written off in the financial 
statements is included in retained earnings.
Further expenses are included in the balance sheet 
value of the asset or only recognised as a separate 
asset when there is a great possibility that the future 
commercial benefits related to this item will flow 
in the Company and expenses of this item can be 
credibly determined. Such costs are written off 
during the remaining period of the service life of the 
relevant fixed asset.
Current repairs and maintenance of fixed assets 
are included in the profit or loss statement for the 
period when they were incurred.
Profit or loss from excluding fixed assets is calculated 
as the difference between the balance sheet value 
of the fixed asset and the revenue obtained as a 
result of selling it and included in the profit or loss 
statement for the period when they were incurred.
If the balance value of some intangible investment 
or fixed asset is above the recoverable value thereof, 
the value of the relevant intangible investment 
or fixed asset is written off without delay to the 
recoverable value thereof. The recoverable value is 
the highest value from the fair value of the relevant 
intangible investment or fixed asset, less sales costs 
or value of use.
2.4. FAIR VALUE
IFRS 13 establishes a hierarchy of valuation techniques 
based on whether observable market data is used 
in the valuation technique or whether there is any 
observable market data. Observable market data is 
obtained from independent sources. If market data 
is not observable, the valuation technique reflects 
the Company’s management’s assumptions about 
the market situation. This hierarchy requires the use 
of observable market data, if it is available. When 
carrying out the revaluation, the Company shall 
take into account the relevant observable market 
prices, if it is possible. The objective of measuring 
the fair value, even if the market is not active, is to 
determine the transaction price at which market 
participants would be ready to sell the asset or make 
a commitment at a given valuation date under current 
market conditions. Several methods are used to 
determine the fair value of a financial instrument: 
quoted prices or valuation techniques that 
incorporate observable market data and are based on 
internal models. Based on the fair value hierarchy, all 
valuation techniques are divided into Level 1, Level 2, 
and Level 3. The level of the fair value hierarchy of 
a financial instrument should be determined as the 
lowest level if a significant part of their value consists 
of lower level data. The classification of a financial 
instrument in the fair value hierarchy is carried out in 
two steps: 1. Classify data at each level to determine 
the fair value hierarchy; 2. Classify the financial 
instrument itself on the basis of the lowest level if a 
significant part of its value consists of lower level data.
43
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 116 ---
Quoted market prices – Level 1 The valuation 
technique in Level 1 uses unadjusted quoted prices 
in an active market for identical assets or liabilities, 
when quoted prices are readily available and the 
price represents the actual market position for the 
transactions under fair competition.
Valuation techniques, when using market data – 
Level 2 In the valuation technique used in Level 2 
models, all relevant data, directly or indirectly, are 
observable from the asset or liability side. The model 
uses market data that are not the quoted prices at 
Level 1, but that are observable directly (i.e., price) or 
indirectly (i.e., derived from price).
Valuation technique using market data that is not 
based on observable market data – Level 3 Valuation 
technique using market data that is not based on 
observable market data (non-observable market data) 
are classified in Level 3. Non-observable market data 
are the data that are not easily available in an active 
market due to the illiquidity of the market or the 
complexity of the financial instrument. Level 3 data 
are determined mainly on the basis of observable 
market data of a similar nature, historical observations 
or analytical approaches.
Assets that are measured at fair value
The revaluation of the Group’s property, plant 
and equipment is performed by independent 
externally certified appraisers using the depreciated 
replacement cost method.
Revaluations of property, plant and equipment 
are performed with sufficient regularity to ensure 
that the carrying amount of property, plant and 
equipment subject to revaluation does not differ 
materially from that which would be determined 
using fair value at the end of the reporting period.
Fixed assets of the electricity transmission system
The following transmission system assets (fixed 
assets) are re-evaluated regularly, but no less than 
once in 5 years:
	electricity transmission networks,
	transformer substation electrical equipment.
The valuation is performed according to the 
property valuation standards and based on the 
existing use of fixed assets, which is considered to be 
the best and most efficient. As a result of revaluation, 
the residual replacement value of each fixed asset is 
determined. The residual replacement value is the 
difference between the replacement or replacement 
cost of an analogue asset at the time of valuation and 
the accumulated total physical, functional, economic 
impairment.
The assets of the Parent Company’s electricity 
transmission system (power lines and electrical 
equipment) were revalued in 2016. The revaluation 
was performed by an external valuer estimating the 
cost of replacing or renewing each fixed asset based 
on the actual cost of creating or acquiring analogue 
or similar fixed assets shortly before the revaluation 
in accordance with the Company’s records. 
With regard to fixed assets, which in 2011 were 
invested in the share capital of JSC Latvijas 
elektriskie tīkli as a property investment, the external 
valuer performed a revaluation to assess how the 
components of replacement or renewal costs of 
these fixed assets have changed, since they were 
invested in fixed capital, adjusting the values ​of 
certain subgroups of fixed assets for changes in 
material costs, and the wage component was indexed 
on the basis of publicly available national statistics 
on wage growth over the period. For each item of 
property, plant and equipment, the external valuer 
estimated its functional and physical depreciation, 
which reduced the estimated replacement or 
replacement value. Management has assessed 
changes in the criteria used in the valuation since the 
revaluation and has estimated that these changes 
do not have a material effect on the value of the 
revalued groups of property, plant and equipment. 
Fixed assets of the natural gas 
transmission and storage segment
The Group’s buildings, structures, including gas 
pipeline infrastructure, and technological equipment 
are stated at revalued amounts that approximate 
their fair values. The revaluation of fixed assets in 
the natural gas transmission and storage segment 
was performed in 2020 (see also Annexes 9.2 and 
25). Due to the unique nature and use of the assets, 
Level 3 data was used for the revaluation, which 
means that the data are not freely observable for 
the respective type of assets. This was a revaluation 
(the previous one took place in 2016, when the 
assets were still owned by JSC Latvijas Gāze), and 
the level of data of the used assumptions was not 
changed. The revaluation was performed by an 
external expert using the amortised replacement 
cost method. Under this method, the initial value of 
assets is determined according to the current prices 
and requirements and the materials used. The main 
assumptions in the revaluation process relate to the 
cost of materials used and average construction 
prices at the time of the revaluation. To determine 
the values, data available from JSC Conexus Baltic 
Grid on the construction of similar objects in 
recent years are also used. An important part of 
the revaluation is the revaluation of underground 
gas pipelines. The total length of the natural gas 
transmission pipelines is 1,188 kilometres. If the 
average construction costs in the country increase 
or the cost of materials used increases significantly, 
the value of the assets will also increase. If, as a 
result, construction costs fall or material costs fall, 
the value of the assets will also fall. Along with the 
initial value, the accumulated depreciation of each 
asset was also determined, taking the physical, 
functional and technical depreciation of the asset 
44
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 117 ---
into account as the main factors. If revalued assets 
are used significantly differently or are functionally 
depreciated, the value of the revalued assets may 
decrease significantly. Management has assessed the 
price level of the pipelines and general construction 
as at 31 December 2020 and has not identified 
any material changes since the assessment. In 
the absence of any other significant changes, the 
management concluded that the carrying amount 
of revalued property, plant and equipment does not 
differ materially from the amount that would have 
been determined using fair value at the end of the 
reporting year.
2.5. LONG-TERM FINANCIAL INVESTMENTS
Long-term financial investments are investments in 
the equity of other companies.
Investments in associates
Investments in associates are investments in 
companies in which the Company has significant 
influence, but not control, over the other company.
In the parent company’s financial statements, 
investments in associates are stated at cost less 
impairment losses, if any.
In the consolidated financial statements, investments 
in equity of an associate are accounted for in 
accordance with International Accounting Standards 
(hereinafter – IAS) 28, and such investments are 
accounted for using the equity method.
Other long-term financial investments
Other long-term financial investments are 
investments in the equity of other companies in 
which the Company has no significant influence or 
control.
According to IFRS 9, equity instruments after initial 
recognition are measured at fair value. The Company 
chose the approach allowed by IFRS 9, initially 
recognising the financial asset, to irrevocably choose 
to reflect equity instruments that are not held for 
trading or are acquired in a business combination, at 
fair value through other comprehensive income.
2.6. LEASEHOLD
At the time of concluding the agreement, the 
Group and the Parent Company assess whether the 
agreement is a lease or includes a lease. An agreement 
is a lease or includes a lease if it gives the right to 
control the use of an identifiable asset for a specified 
period of time in exchange for consideration.
The Company as the lessee
When concluding a contract, the Company assesses 
whether the contract is a lease or includes a lease. 
The Company recognises the right-of-use asset and 
the corresponding lease liabilities in respect to all 
lease contracts in which it is the lessee; exceptions 
are possible for short-term lease (the lease term 
being 12 months or less) and lease of low-value 
assets (for example, lease of tablets and personal 
computers, as well as small office furniture and 
phone accessories). The Company recognises lease 
payments related to this lease as operating expenses 
on a straight-line basis over the lease term, unless 
another systematic basis is more representative of 
the time pattern in which the economic benefits of 
the leased asset are used.
At the initial date, the Company measures the lease 
liabilities at the present value of the lease payments 
outstanding at that date. Lease payments are 
discounted using the interest rate implied by the 
lease. If this rate cannot be readily determined, the 
Company uses its comparable interest rate.
Lease payments included in the evaluation of lease 
liabilities include the following payments:
	fixed lease payments (including, in substance, 
fixed lease payments), with the exception of lease 
payments receivable;
	variable lease payments that depend on an index 
or rate and were initially evaluated by using an 
index or rate at the initial date;
	the amounts that the lessee would have to pay as 
guarantees of residual value;
	the exercise price of the call option, if there are 
sufficient grounds to believe that the lessee will 
exercise this option;
	penalty payments for the termination of the lease, 
if the term of the lease reflects the fact that the 
lessee uses the option to terminate the lease.
Lease liabilities are presented as a separate item in 
the statement of financial position.
Leases are subsequently evaluated at cost, using 
the effective interest method, and decreasing the 
carrying amount to reflect the lease payments.
The Company reassesses the lease liabilities (and 
adjusts the related right-of-use asset accordingly) 
whenever:
	the lease term has changed or a significant 
event or change in circumstances has occurred, 
resulting in a change in the measurement of the 
45
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 118 ---
call option, in which case the lease liabilities are 
reevaluated by discounting the revised lease 
payments using the revised discount rate;
	the lease payments change due to a change in an 
index or rate, or expected payments change due 
to a guaranteed residual value; in such cases, the 
lease liability is remeasured by discounting the 
revised lease payments at a constant discount rate 
(unless the lease payments change due to a change 
in a variable interest rate, in which case a revised 
discount rate is used).
The lease contract is changed and the change in 
lease is not accounted for as a separate lease, in 
which case the lease liability is reevaluated based 
on the term of the modified lease, discounting the 
revised lease payments by using the revised discount 
rate at the effective date of the modification.
The right-of-use asset includes the initial evaluation 
of the corresponding lease liabilities, lease payments 
made on or before the initial date, deducting any 
lease discounts received and any initial direct costs. 
They are subsequently measured at cost from which 
the accumulated depreciation and impairment 
losses have been deducted.
The right-of-use asset is amortised over the term of 
the contract.
Pursuant to the transmission system operator 
unbundling model introduced in Latvia, on 31 
December 2014, the Company entered into a 
transmission system asset lease agreement with 
the transmission system asset owner JSC Latvijas 
elektriskie tīkli. In accordance with the lease 
agreement for the transmission system assets by 
implementing IFRS 16, the lease term is set at 5 years.
Pursuant to the protocol decision of the Cabinet 
session of 8 October 2019 (No. 46, § 38), supporting 
the implementation of the full ownership separation 
model regarding the electric power transmission 
system operator and assigning the task to contribute 
the JSC Latvijas elektriskie tīkli shares owned by the 
State to JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls by 1 July 2020, the 
Company reviewed the lease term and established a 
deadline of 31 December 2020.
It was established by the protocol decision of 
the Cabinet session of 17 December 2019 (No. 59, 
§ 75) that after the contribution of JSC Latvijas 
elektriskie tīkli shares owned by the State to 
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls, reorganisation of 
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls and JSC Latvijas elektriskie 
tīkli, LET should take place by incorporating 
JSC Latvijas elektriskie tīkli into JSC Augstsprieguma 
tīkls by 31 December 2020.
Pursuant to the above-mentioned decisions of the 
Cabinet of Ministers with the decision of the Register 
of Enterprises of 25 November 2020, JSC Latvijas 
elektriskie tīkli was added to JSC Augstsprieguma 
tīkls on 25 November 2020.
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls
Group
31.12.2020 
EUR
31.12.2019 
EUR
31.12.2020  
EUR
31.12.2019 
EUR
Right-of-use assets
Residual value at the beginning of the reporting period
35 920 323
-
36 453 057
 
Initial recognition value on 01.01.2019.
-
214 885 303
-
214 885 303
Initial adding value on 10.2020
14 398 775
- 
14 398 775
 
Recognised changes in lease contracts
- 
(143 133 079)
57 397
(143 133 079)
Changes in lease agreements recognised on 01.2020
896 288
 -
896 288
 
Recognised changes in lease agreements on 09.2020
(9 204 153)
- 
(9 204 153)
 
Depreciation on 09.2020
(27 612 458)
- 
(27 612 458)
 
Depreciation
(186 482)
(35 831 901)
(273 029)
(35 831 901)
Residual value at the end of the reporting period
14 212 293
35 920 323
14 715 877
35 920 323
Lease liabilities
 
Residual value at the beginning of the reporting period
37 475 766
-
38 019 221
 
Initial recognition value on 01.01.2019.
-
219 001 266
-
219 001 266
Initial adding value on 10.2020
14 580 829
 
14 580 829
 
Recognised changes in lease contracts
- 
(145 629 214)
57 397
(145 629 214)
Changes in lease agreements recognised on 01.2020
(659 155)
- 
(659 155)
 
Recognised changes in lease agreements on 09.2020
(9 217 564)
- 
(9 217 564)
 
Decrease in lease liabilities on 09.2020
(27 687 830)
(37 578 581)
(27 687 830)
(37 578 581)
Decrease in lease liabilities
(219 033)
- 
(330 751)
 
Asset lease interest expenses on 09.2020
88 783
- 
88 783
 
Asset lease interest expense
57 199
1 682 295
82 135
1 682 295
Residual value at the end of the reporting period
14 418 995
37 475 766
14 933 065
37 475 766
31 December 2020
 
 
 
 
including:
 
Long term
13 761 561
-
 14 215 413 
 
Short term
657 434
37 475 766
 717 652 
37 475 766
46
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 119 ---
2.7. STOCK
Stock is presented in the lowest value of the prime 
cost or net sale value. The net sale value is the selling 
price of the stock determined during the course of 
regular operation of the Company, minus variable 
selling expenses. The prime cost is calculated using 
the weighted average method.
Purchase costs of inventories include the purchase 
price, import duties and other taxes and fees, 
transportation and associated costs, as well as other 
costs directly related to the delivery of materials 
and goods. Trade discounts, rebates and similar 
discounts are deducted in determining the value of 
inventories.
The amount of inventories is verified by taking an 
inventory at the end of the year.
2.8. DEFERRED REVENUE
Revenue received before the balance sheet date but 
relating to the following twelve months (short-term) 
or after twelve months (long-term) is included in the 
deferred income in the balance sheet of short-term 
or long-term creditors.
Deferred income from congestion management 
income, once it has been used to finance a specific 
long-term investment project, is amortised through 
the progressive recognition of that income in the 
profit or loss statement for the current financial year 
in accordance with the amortisation/depreciation 
period of the long-term investment created. 
Respectively, when the asset is disposed of or 
excluded, the proceeds are recognised at their 
residual value.
2.9. PENSIONS, POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS
(a) Pension liabilities
The Company makes monthly contributions to a 
closed, fixed contribution pension plan on behalf 
of employees. The plan is managed by the Joint 
Stock Company “First Closed Pension Fund” in 
which the Company participates. Contributions to 
a fixed contribution pension plan does not give the 
Company any additional legal or practical obligation 
to make further payments, if the plan does not have 
sufficient resources to pay all employee benefits 
for services provided by the employee in current or 
prior periods. Contributions are made in the amount 
of 5% (from 1 January 2018 – 6%) of the salary of 
each member of the pension plan. Contributions 
to a fixed contribution plan are recognised by the 
Company at the time when the employee provides 
the service in exchange for those contributions.
(b) Post-employment benefit liabilities
In addition to the above mentioned pension plan, 
the Company provides certain post-employment 
benefits to employees whose employment 
conditions meet certain criteria. The liabilities 
for the benefits are calculated on the basis of the 
current salary levels and the number of employees 
who are required to receive payments, the amount 
of historical termination of labour relations, and 
actuarial assumptions.
Liabilities recognised in the balance sheet in respect 
of post-employment benefits are reflected at their 
present value at the balance sheet date, less any past 
costs.
Post-employment benefit obligations are recalculated 
for each reporting year by an independent actuary 
using the projected unit credit method.
The present value of the benefit obligations is 
determined by discounting the expected future 
cash outflows using interest rates of government 
securities.
The Company uses the projected unit valuation 
method to estimate the present value of its fixed 
benefit obligations and the related present and 
future costs.
According to this method it is considered that 
each period of service creates an additional unit of 
entitlement to receive the benefit and that the sum 
of all such units represents the total liability for post-
employment benefits.
The Company also uses objective and mutually 
agreed actuarial assumptions about variable 
demographic factors (such as staff turnover and 
mortality rates) and financial factors (such as 
expected salary increases and certain changes in 
benefit levels).
Actuarial gains and losses arising from adjustments 
and changes in actuarial assumptions are recognised 
in the statement of comprehensive income in the 
period in which they arise.
47
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 120 ---
2.10. CORPORATE INCOME TAX
Corporate income tax is calculated in accordance 
with the tax legislation of the Republic of Latvia, taking 
income subject to income tax in the taxation period 
into account.
The tax rate is 20 percent of the calculated tax 
applicable base, which is adjusted before the tax rate 
is applied, by dividing the object value applicable to 
corporate tax by a coefficient of 0.8.
Corporate income tax on dividend payments is 
recognised in the profit or loss statement as an 
expense in the period in which the dividends are 
declared, and for other contingent items in the period 
in which the expenses are incurred in the reporting 
year, regardless of the time of payment.
Deferred income tax
Deferred income tax arising from temporary 
differences between the tax bases of assets and 
liabilities and their carrying amounts has been 
calculated in these financial statements using the 
liability method. Deferred income tax assets and 
liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are 
expected to apply in the period when the temporary 
differences reverse. The main temporary differences 
over timearises from the different depreciation rates 
used for accounting and tax purposes for property, 
plant and equipment and certain non-deductible 
provisions for tax purposes, as well as tax losses 
carried forward.
In accordance with International Accounting 
Standard No. 12 “Income taxes” requirements 
in cases where income tax is payable at a higher 
or lower rate depending on whether the profit 
is distributed, current and deferred tax assets 
and liabilities should be measured at the tax rate 
applicable to the retained earnings. In Latvia, 
retained earnings will be subject to a 0% tax rate.
As the parent controls the dividend policy of its 
subsidiaries, it is able to control the timing of the 
reversal of the temporary difference relating to that 
investment, including the temporary difference 
arising from retained earnings. Therefore, in the 
consolidated financial statements, the Group was 
able to recognise deferred tax assets and liabilities 
in respect of investments in subsidiaries using the 
tax rate applicable to distributed profits. Where 
the Parent Company has determined that the 
subsidiary’s profits will not be distributed in the 
foreseeable future, the Parent Company does not 
recognise deferred tax assets and liabilities.
2.11. PROVISIONS
Provisions are recognised when the Company has 
legal or other reasonable commitments triggered 
by a certain past event and there is a probability 
present that the fulfilment of such liabilities would 
require the outflow of resources containing 
economic benefits from the Company, and it is 
possible to sufficiently assess the scope of liabilities. 
No provisions are made for future operating losses.
Provisions are recognised in the balance sheet by 
determining the amount of expenditure that would 
be required to settle the obligation at the balance 
sheet date as precisely as possible. Provisions are 
only used for the expenses for which the provision 
was initially recognised, and they are reversed if a 
potential outflow of resources is no longer expected.
Provisions are measured based on the present value 
of the expenses that are expected to be incurred 
to settle the present obligations, using a pre-tax 
discount rate that includes the current market value 
of the cash and the risks specific to the liabilities.
Provisions for unused holiday are made to accurately 
reflect the Company’s liabilities to employees for 
unused holiday, if there are any. Accruals for unused 
holiday are calculated monthly in the HORIZON 
resource accounting system.
2.12. REVENUE RECOGNITION
The Company’s revenue from customers is the value 
of products sold and services provided as a result 
of operating activities. The Company only keeps 
records for contracts with the client within the 
scope of IFRS 15 if all of the following criteria are met:
a)	the parties to the contract have approved the 
contract (in writing, orally or in accordance with 
other normal commercial practices) and have 
undertaken to comply with their respective 
obligations;
b)	the Company may determine the rights of each 
party regarding the goods or services to be 
transferred;
c)	the Company may establish payment terms for the 
goods or services to be transferred;
48
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 121 ---
d)	the agreement is of a commercial nature (i.e. it is 
expected that the contract will result in a change 
in the Company’s future cash flow risk, schedule or 
amount); as well as
e)	there is a possibility that the Company will charge 
an indemnity in exchange for goods or services 
transferred to the customer. When assessing 
whether it is possible to collect the indemnity 
amount, the Company only takes the ability and 
intention of the client to repay the indemnity in a 
timely manner into consideration.
In accordance with IFRS 15 The Company transfers 
control of a good or service over time, and thereby 
carries out its obligation of fulfilment and recognises 
revenue over time, if one of the following criteria is 
met:
a)	 the customer simultaneously receives and 
consumes the benefits that are assured by 
the Company’s activities in the course of the 
Company’s business;
a)	 with operation of the Company the asset is 
created or improved (for example, repairs) and 
the customer controls the asset at the time the 
asset is created or improved;
b)	 the Company’s operation does not constitute 
an asset that the Company could use as an 
alternative and the Company has enforceable 
rights to payment for timely completion.
For each performance obligation that has been 
discharged over time, the Company only recognises 
revenue over time if the Company can reasonably 
measure its progress towards the full implementation 
of the performance obligation.
The significant types of the Company’s 
revenue are as follows:
(a) Electricity transmission system services
Based on the fact that the customer simultaneously 
receives and consumes the benefits provided by the 
Company’s operations in the course of the Company’s 
operations, the Company transfers control over the 
service over time and thus fulfils the performance 
obligation and recognises revenue over time.
The Company only recognises revenue from the 
performance of obligations over the term when 
control over the service is transferred to the 
customer, when (or as soon as) the customer decides 
to use the asset and benefits from it, and when 
the Company can reasonably measure its progress 
towards the full implementation of their obligations.
Based on the fact that revenues from transmission 
system services are based on tariffs approved by the 
Public Utilities Commission, according to IFRS 15. The 
Company is entitled to receive reimbursement from 
the customer for an amount that directly reflects 
the value the customer receives from the Company’s 
timely completion of Company’s activities; for 
practical purposes, the Company may recognise 
revenue in the amount the Company is entitled to 
collect.
The Company recognises revenue from the provided 
transmission system services at the end of each 
month on the basis of automatically read meter 
readings.
(b) Congestion and overload management
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” implements transmission 
system congestion and overload management in 
accordance with Article 13, Section 4 and Article 13¹, 
Section 6 of the Electricity Market Law, and receives 
a fee for cross-section restricted capacity auction 
in accordance with the mutual compensation 
mechanism and concluded contracts of the 
transmission system operators.
According to Article 16 of Regulation (EC) 
No. 714/2009 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council “On conditions for access to the network for 
cross-border exchanges in electricity and repealing 
Regulation (EC) No. 1228/2003” (hereinafter – the 
“Regulation”), any revenues resulting from the 
allocation of interconnection capacity shall be used 
for one or more of the following purposes:
a)	 ensuring the actual availability of the allocated 
capacity and/or
b)	 maintaining or improving interconnection 
capacity through network investments, in 
particular in new interconnectors;
c)	 if the revenues cannot be used effectively for 
the above purposes, they may – subject to 
approval by the regulatory authorities of the 
relevant member states – up to a maximum value 
to be determined by the mentioned regulatory 
authorities, be used as revenues to be taken into 
account by the national regulatory authorities 
when approving the methodology for calculating 
network tariffs/or setting network tariffs.
Considering the provisions of the Regulation, 
revenues received from congestion management, 
which are not used to eliminate overload and 
congestion in the transmission network, are 
reflected in the balance sheet as deferred income.
Once this income has been used to finance a specific 
long-term investment project, deferred income 
is amortised through the progressive recognition 
of that income in the profit or loss statement for 
the current financial year in accordance with the 
amortisation/depreciation period of the long-term 
investment created.
Based on the fact that the customer simultaneously 
receives and consumes the benefits provided by 
49
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 122 ---
the Company’s operations in the course of the 
Company’s operations, the Company transfers 
control over the service over time and thus fulfils the 
performance obligation and recognises revenue over 
time.
The Company only recognises revenue from the 
performance of obligations over the term when 
control over the service is transferred to the 
customer, when (or as soon as) the customer decides 
to use the asset and benefits from it, and when 
the Company can reasonably measure its progress 
towards the full implementation of their obligations.
In accordance with the principle of reconciliation 
of revenues and costs, the revenues of congestion 
management that are used to eliminate congestion 
and overload in the transmission network, shall be 
shown in the profit or loss statement according to 
the amount of costs (resource method for measuring 
progress) associated with congestion and overload 
elimination.
(c) Mandatory procurement component income
In accordance with Paragraph 105 of Cabinet 
Regulation No. 50 of 21 January 2014, Electricity 
Trading and Use Regulations, the Company collects 
mandatory procurement components (hereinafter – 
MPC) from all electricity end-users or their traders, 
if the end-user has delegated settlements to the 
trader with the Company for system services and 
ancillary services.
The revenues of MPC are determined in accordance 
with the tariffs set by the Public Utilities Commission 
and the volumes of electricity transmitted. At 
the same time, the Company is obliged to make 
MPC payments to the Public energy trader for the 
electricity transmitted to the end users.
Given that the Company has no influence over 
the pricing of the service and does not have the 
power to determine the price directly or indirectly, 
MPC revenue is recognised on an agent basis, with 
revenue recognised in the profit or loss statement on 
a net basis.
(d) Income from electricity/capacity sales
According to Article 11 Section 2 of the Electricity 
Market Law, the transmission system operator may 
participate in electricity trading, if the purchase 
and sale of electricity or capacity is necessary for 
system balancing, buying ancillary services, covering 
electricity transmission losses, for the transmission 
system operator’s own consumption, or if there is a 
deviation in the system from a normal operation or 
there has been an accident.
When participating in the trade of electricity, the 
transmission system operator shall act in accordance 
with open, non-discriminatory and market based 
procedures, except in the event of deviations from 
the normal operating system or if there has been an 
accident. In the event of deviations from the normal 
operating system or in the event of an accident, the 
transmission system operator shall act in accordance 
with the provisions of the Network code.
Based on the fact that the customer simultaneously 
receives and consumes the benefits provided by the 
Company’s operations in the course of the Company’s 
operations, the Company transfers control over the 
service over time and thus fulfils the performance 
obligation and recognises revenue over time.
The Company only recognises revenue from the 
performance of obligations over the term when 
control over the service is transferred to the 
customer, when (or as soon as) the customer decides 
to use the asset and benefits from it, and when 
the Company can reasonably measure its progress 
towards the full implementation of their obligations.
Revenue from the sale of electricity/capacity is 
recognised on the basis of acceptance notes and bills, 
which are invoiced each month for the electricity/
capacity delivered during the month in accordance 
with the agreements entered into with each other.
(e) New construction and renewal of transmission 
assets (until 01.10.2020)
According to Article 13. Section 6 of the Electricity 
Market Law, the Company shall be responsible for 
the planning, construction, and commissioning of 
new transmission infrastructure objects during 
the development of the transmission system. In 
turn, according to Article 21.² Section 2 of the 
Electricity Market Law, the transmission system asset 
owner JSC Latvijas elektriskie tīkli finances capital 
investments in the transmission system assets. Within 
the framework of the service, the Company with its 
personnel resources in the assets of the recipient of 
the service – JSC Latvijas elektriskie tīkli – actively 
plans, organises, documents, controls construction, 
reconstruction and renovation works. The service 
includes the provision of capital investment project 
management. The service was provided until 
the addition of JSC Latvijas elektriskie tīkli on 25 
November 2020.
Based on the fact that the customer simultaneously 
receives and consumes the benefits provided by 
the Company’s operations in the course of the 
Company’s operations, the Company transfers 
control over the service over time and thus fulfils the 
performance obligation and recognises revenue over 
time.
The Company only recognises revenue from the 
performance of obligations over the term when 
control over the service is transferred to the 
customer, when (or as soon as) the customer decides 
to use the asset and benefits from it, and when 
the Company can reasonably measure its progress 
50
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 123 ---
towards the full implementation of their obligations.
Revenue from the construction and renovation 
of transmission assets is recognised on the basis 
of mutually agreed monthly acceptance acts and 
invoices, which are invoiced monthly for the amount 
of work performed.
(f) Charges for connection to the electricity 
transmission system
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls ensures the necessary 
connection of the system participants to the 
transmission system or the increase of the permitted 
load of the existing connections in accordance with 
the system participants’ connection regulations 
issued by the Public Utilities Commission.
Based on the fact that the Company’s operations 
do not constitute an asset that could be used 
alternatively by the Company, and the Company 
has an enforceable right to payment on time, the 
Company transfers control over the service over 
time and therefore exercises performance and 
recognises revenue over time.
The Company only recognises revenue from the 
performance of obligations over the term when 
control over the service is transferred to the 
customer, when (or as soon as) the customer decides 
to use the asset and benefits from it, and when 
the Company can reasonably measure its progress 
towards the full implementation of their obligations.
Transmission system connection fees are recognised 
in the statement of financial position as deferred 
income and, using the straight-line method, are 
amortised to the profit and loss statement over the 
estimated period of the commercial relationship 
with the customer (lease period) – 20 years. Advance 
payments made for the provision of the service are 
reflected in the balance sheet as current liabilities 
and short-term receivables, they are not included in 
the profit or loss statement.
(g) Revenues from natural gas transmission
The natural gas transmission service shall be 
considered as a single performance obligation 
in accordance with IFRS 15. Trade in natural gas 
transmission capacity products is a regulated service 
provided by a subsidiary to transmission system 
users at approved tariffs. Short-term (quarterly, 
monthly, daily and current daily capacity) and 
long-term natural gas transmission capacity (annual 
capacity) products are offered.
Revenues from transmission capacity trading 
products, which by the nature of the service means 
the provision of transmission infrastructure and 
does not change over time for each capacity unit 
according to the selected product, are recognised in 
the profit or loss statement for each reporting month 
in proportion to the user-reserved transmission 
capacity period.
(h) Revenues from natural gas storage
The natural gas storage service shall be considered 
as a single performance obligation in accordance 
with IFRS. 15. The subsidiary provides the Inčukalns 
underground gas storage capacity trading services 
at approved tariffs to storage users who have 
reserved natural gas storage capacity during the 
storage season. Revenues from the sale of storage 
capacity, which by the nature of the service means 
the provision of Inčukalns underground gas storage 
infrastructure and does not change during the 
storage season, are recognised for each reporting 
month according to the storage tariff and in 
proportion to the remaining months until the end of 
the storage season.
(i) Revenue from balancing (natural gas)
The subsidiary shall maintain information 
regarding the amount of natural gas entered into 
the transmission system and withdrawn from the 
transmission system by the natural gas transmission 
system users and calculate the imbalance. The 
amount of daily imbalance is the difference between 
input and output. In cases where a negative 
imbalance occurs to the transmission system user, 
the charge for the amount of imbalance for each day 
is calculated by multiplying the calculated amount by 
the daily published balancing natural gas sales price 
(the obligation to perform balancing is equal for 
each unit of transported gas volume). Revenues from 
balancing shall be recognised for each reporting 
month when a negative imbalance occurs in the 
natural gas transmission system user, which has 
caused a natural gas shortage in the transmission 
system. In the financial statements, the income from 
balancing is presented in the other income section at 
net value (less income for periods when the balance 
is positive). If market participants cause differences 
and if the subsidiary does not have sufficient gas 
resources to ensure the proper functioning of 
the gas transmission system, the subsidiary shall 
purchase appropriate quantities of balancing gas.
2.13. RECOGNITION OF COSTS
Costs are recognised on an accrual basis. Accounting 
costs include all foreseeable costs and contingent 
liabilities incurred in the current or prior years, even 
if they become known between the balance sheet 
51
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 124 ---
date and the date of preparation of the financial 
statements, regardless of the date of receipt of the 
invoice, as the Company’s economic transactions 
are accounted for and presented in the financial 
statements on the basis of their economic content 
and nature, not merely their legal form.
Operating expenses and other operating expenses 
indicated in the profit or loss statement are 
disclosed in the annexes to the financial statements 
in more detailed terms.
2.14. LONG-TERM AND SHORT-TERM LIABILITIES
The Company’s trade payables are initially 
recognised at fair value and subsequently measured 
at amortised cost using the effective interest rate 
method. Liabilities to suppliers and contractors 
are stated in the financial statements according to 
supporting documents and entries in the accounting 
records in the amount of invoices received from 
suppliers of the Company but not paid at the end of 
the reporting period.
Accrued expenses that have been incurred during 
the reporting year when the amount of such costs 
or the date of payment during the reporting period 
is clearly known, but the invoices containing which 
have not yet been received from the suppliers, are 
included in the item “Accrued liabilities”.
2.15. BORROWINGS AND LOANS
Borrowings are divided into long-term and short-
term borrowings.
Borrowings are initially recognised at fair value, 
net of transaction costs incurred. In subsequent 
periods, borrowings are stated at amortised cost. 
The difference between the proceeds and the 
redemption value of the loan, deducting the costs 
related to the receipt of the loans, is gradually 
included in the profit or loss statement, except for 
the capitalised portion.
Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless 
there is an unconditional right to defer settlement of 
the liability for at least 12 months after the balance 
sheet date.
General and specific borrowing costs that relate 
directly to the acquisition or construction of 
qualifying assets,
i.e. assets that require a significant period of time 
before their expected use or sale, are added to the 
costs of creating or acquiring those assets until they 
are actually ready for their intended use.
Loans
Loans are initially recognised at fair value. In 
subsequent periods, loans are stated at amortised 
cost. The difference between the proceeds and 
the redemption value of the loan is recognised in 
the Profit or Loss Statement over the period of the 
loan using the effective interest method. Loans are 
presented as short-term receivables or as long-term 
receivables if there is an undisputed right to defer 
the fulfilment of these obligations for at least 12 
(twelve) months after the balance sheet date.
2.16. RELATED PARTIES
Company shareholder, members of the Board, 
members of the Supervisory Board, their close 
relatives and companies, in which they have 
significant influence or control, are defined as 
related parties.
As all the shares of JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” 
are 100% owned by the Republic of Latvia, state-
controlled capital companies are also considered 
related parties.
2.17. SEGMENT INFORMATION
Reportable segments are operating segments or sets 
of segments that meet certain criteria. An operating 
segment is a component of the Group that is 
engaged in business activities from which it can earn 
revenues and cover expenses (including revenues 
and expenses related to transactions with other 
components of the Group), 
is a component of the Group, the results of which 
are regularly reviewed by the Company’s chief 
operating decision-maker to make decisions about 
the resources allocated to the segment, evaluate 
52
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 125 ---
its performance and for which separate financial 
information is available. The Group considers that 
it operates in three segments (Electricity Supply, 
Natural Gas Storage and Transmission), the Group 
operates geographically only in the territory of 
Latvia.
2.18. USE OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND 
ASSUMPTIONS
In preparing consolidated financial statements in 
accordance with IFRS, the Company’s management 
is required to make estimates and assumptions that 
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities 
at the reporting date and the reported amounts of 
income and expenses in the current period. The 
following estimates of the Company’s management 
have a significant impact on the results of the financial 
statements:
	 Revenue and expenditure related to the public 
participation in the compensation mechanism 
for losses of electricity transit flows developed 
by ENTSO-E
Based on statistical and analytical information 
as well as expert forecasts, the Company 
makes estimates and assumptions regarding 
revenues and expenses related to the Company’s 
participation in the Inter Transmission System 
Operator Compensation Mechanism (ITC 
mechanism) developed by ENTSO-E. The ITC 
mechanism is a transit mechanism to cover 
the costs of transit losses of 35 transmission 
system operators in Europe, with two funds: the 
Framework Fund and the united European Union 
TSOs transit flow volume fund (WWT – with and 
without transit), which varies according to the 
electricity market situation. The most important 
factor influencing the estimate are the electricity 
transit flows affecting the volume of the WWT 
Fund in all European electricity transmission 
networks, as well as the price of transit losses 
in the ITC Member States. The forecast is made 
in each Member State on the basis of 6 loss 
measurements per month and the loss price. 
Revenue is projected using the precautionary 
principle.
The amount of accrued revenue in December 
2020 is EUR 68,336.37, the amount of accrued 
expenses is EUR 598,000.09. Provisions are made 
on the basis of settlement statements accepted 
by the Company, which are not invoiced on 
31 December 2020.
	 Post-employment benefit liabilities
Based on statistical and analytical information 
as well as estimates made by specialists, the 
Company makes estimates and assumptions about 
post-employment benefit obligations as described 
in the Annex 2.8.
In the reporting year, the discount rate used to 
discount post-employment benefit obligations 
is fixed at 0.392% (in 2019: 0.744%). The discount 
rate is determined in accordance with the 
requirements of International Financial Reporting 
Standards whereby the discount rate should be 
determined by reference to the market rate of 
return on high-quality corporate bonds at the 
balance sheet date; moreover, the discount rate 
should reflect the time value of money rather than 
the actuarial or investment risk.
Pursuant to the provisions of the Collective 
Bargaining Agreement, which envisages the annual 
indexation of employees ‘wages in the amount 
of inflation, when calculating post-employment 
benefit accruals, no increase in employees’ 
salaries is planned in 2021, 1.1% in 2022, 1.6% in 
2023, 1.7% in 2024, thereinafter – 2.0%.
SENSITIVITY ANALYSIS OF TOTAL POST-EMPLOYMENT 
BENEFIT VALUE ON 31 DECEMBER 2020 EUR
Increase 
Decrease 
Discount rate  
(+/-1%)
103 014
(230 306)
4%
-9%
Monthly salary 
increase (+/- 1%)
248 696
(210 835)
9%
-8%
Employee turnover 
rate (+/- 1%)
293 674
(244 688)
11%
-9%
	 Book value of intangible assets and property, 
plant and equipment
The Group’s management calculates and 
recognises impairment losses of intangible assets 
and fixed assets based on estimates of their 
future use, disposal or sale. Given the projected 
business volumes and the potential market value 
of the assets, the Management believes that no 
significant adjustments to the value of intangible 
assets and property, plant and equipment as at 31 
December 2020 are required.
In accordance with the Group’s accounting policy, 
the Group companies make estimates regarding 
the useful lives and residual values of property, 
plant and equipment. These estimates are based 
on past experience as well as industry practice 
and are reviewed at the end of each reporting 
year.
The Company tests property, plant and 
equipment for impairment whenever events 
or changes in circumstances indicate that 
the carrying amount may not be recoverable. 
53
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 126 ---
According to the valuation, if necessary, the value 
of assets is written down to their recoverable 
amount.
In assessing impairment, management uses 
various estimates of cash flows arising from the 
use, sale, maintenance and repair of property, 
plant and equipment, as well as increases in 
inflation and interest rates.
Estimates are based on forecasts of the general 
economic environment, consumption and 
electricity sales prices. Should the actual situation 
change in the future, an additional impairment 
loss would be recognised or the recognised 
impairment loss could be partially or fully 
reduced.
Impairment losses are recognised in the 
respective reporting period.
Revaluation of property, plant and equipment 
carried at revalued amount is performed by 
external, certified appraisers in accordance 
with property valuation standards, based on the 
existing use of the property, plant and equipment 
that is considered to be the best and most 
efficient. As a result of revaluation, the fair value 
of each fixed asset is determined. The Group’s 
management assesses annually whether the 
carrying amount of revalued property, plant and 
equipment differs materially from its fair value at 
the balance sheet date.
The Group’s companies make estimates regarding 
the useful lives of emergency repair spare parts 
and, based on past experience, including an 
assessment of future events, this is determined 
based on the useful life of the original equipment.
	 Deferred income tax
Deferred tax liabilities are recognised in the 
consolidated financial statements for the retained 
earnings of subsidiaries, from which tax will 
be calculated at the time of distribution in the 
foreseeable future. Other deferred tax assets 
and liabilities are not recognised. In cases where 
the total result of the deferred tax calculation 
would be reflected in the balance sheet asset, 
it is recognised in the balance sheet when it is 
probable that the relevant enterprise will have 
sufficient taxable income to cover temporary 
differences.
Deferred income tax liabilities are recognised in 
the consolidated financial statements for the pre-
tax profit of the subsidiaries to the extent that the 
parent company, as a shareholder, will decide on 
the distribution of these profits in dividends in the 
near future.
	 Investment into subsidiary
An investment in a subsidiary is initially recognised 
in accordance with IFRS 3 Business Combinations. 
At the time of investment, the fair value of 
identifiable assets and liabilities is assessed 
(for details, see Annex 25). Identifiable assets 
acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities 
assumed in a business combination are initially 
measured at their fair values at the acquisition 
date, irrespective of the extent of any minority 
interest. Goodwill/gain on a bargain is measured 
as the excess of the total of acquisition value and 
value of the non-controlling interest part and 
the amount of the identified acquired assets and 
assumed liabilities.
	 Lease Calculation and Asset Use Rights
The Group’s management applies certain 
assumptions when calculating the right to use 
the balance sheet of assets and leasing liabilities. 
Management believes that such assumptions 
are reasonably appropriate until 31 December 
2020. The accounting policies relevant to IFRS 16 
“Leases” are described in Note 2.6.
54
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 127 ---
3. REVENUE
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls
Group
2020 
 
EUR
2019 
 
EUR
2020 
 
EUR
2019 
 
EUR
Electricity transmission service
73 377 414 
72 787 419 
73 377 414 
72 787 419
Transmission asset reconstruction and renovation 
works*
53 968 536 
85 729 175 
28 485 159 
85 729 175
Sale of balancing electricity
12 549 323 
13 504 002 
12 549 323 
13 504 002
Revenues from transmission of natural gas
-
-
12 579 249 
-
Revenues from storage of natural gas
-
-
8 885 617 
-
Revenues from connection fee
829 478 
-
1 952 340 
-
Congestion management at borders (auction)
1 007 197 
3 864 585 
1 007 197 
3 864 585
Electricity transit service
698 230 
2 405 603 
698 230
2 405 603
Revenue from reactive electricity
615 362 
692 336 
615 362 
692 336
Liquidation of electrical capacity overload
411 844 
2 227 422 
411 844 
2 227 422
Rental of transmission system assets and rental of 
other fixed assets
-
-
324 732 
-
Sale of regulatory electricity
287 556 
2 170 975 
287 556 
2 170 975
Construction services
-
-
108 819 
-
Other services
3 603 336 
1 360 560 
3 603 336 
1 360 560
TOTAL REVENUE
147 348 276 
184 742 077 
144 886 178 
184 742 077
* The Group’s turnover in 2020 is affected by the exclusion of services mutually provided between JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls and JSC Latvijas elektriskie tīkli. 
Pursuant to decision of the PUC Council of 30 January 2013 No. 18 “On the Certification of the Electricity Transmission System Operator”, from 1 January 
2015, AST took over the business lines of maintenance and development of transmission system assets from JSC Latvijas elektriskie tīkli and ensures the new 
construction, reconstruction and renewal of transmission system assets (see Appendix 7). According to Section 21² of the Electricity Market Law, the transmission 
system asset owner JSC “Latvijas elektriskie tīkli” finances capital investments in the transmission system assets, which are decided by JSC “Augstsprieguma 
tīkls”. Pursuant to the minutes of the sitting of the Cabinet of Ministers of the Republic of Latvia of 8 October 2019 (No. 46, § 38) and the protocol decision of 
the sitting of 17 December 2019 (No. 59, § 75), in accordance with the decision of the Register of Enterprises of the Republic of Latvia of 25 November 2020, 
JSC Latvijas elektriskie tīkli was excluded from the Register of Enterprises and JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls was added.
** In accordance with the Company’s accounting policy, the congestion management income is reflected in the Profit or Loss Statement according to the amount 
of costs related to the prevention of congestion in the transmission.
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls
Group
2020 
 
EUR
2019 
 
EUR
2020 
 
EUR
2019 
 
EUR
Electricity Transmission
147 348 276 
184 742 077 
123 421 312 
184 742 077
Natural gas transmission
- 
-
12 527 640 
-
Natural gas storage
- 
- 
8 885 616 
-
TOTAL
 147 348 276
184 742 077 
144 834 568 
184 742 077
SEGMENT INFORMATION
55
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 128 ---
4. OTHER INCOME FROM BUSINESS ACTIVITIES
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls
Group
2020 
 
EUR
2019 
 
EUR
2020 
 
EUR
2019 
 
EUR
EU financial support
586 687 
- 
 1 473 717 
-
Sale of current assets and fixed assets
211 073 
60 383 
 217 913 
60 383
Other revenue
51 247 
191 007 
            117 900 
191 007
OTHER INCOME FROM BUSINESS ACTIVITIES
849 007 
251 390 
1 809 530 
251 390
TOTAL
5. USED RAW MATERIALS AND MATERIALS, REPAIR COSTS
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls
Group
2020 
 
EUR
2019 
 
EUR
2020 
 
EUR
2019 
 
EUR
Purchase of balancing electricity
8 859 783 
11 237 536 
 8 859 783 
11 237 536
Transmission electricity losses and technological 
consumption
5 751 676 
9 124 185 
 5 751 676 
9 124 185
Purchase of regulatory electricity
3 663 722 
3 851 795 
 3 663 722 
3 851 795
Costs of materials used and repairs
2 482 690 
2 020 794 
 3 323 864 
2 020 794
Natural gas transmission and storage system 
maintenance services
 -
 -
 2 135 367 
-
Electricity transit losses
1 663 322 
2 123 434 
 1 663 322 
2 123 434
Natural gas costs
 -
- 
 556 111 
-
Electricity for own consumption
212 918 
282 833 
 212 918 
282 833
USED RAW MATERIALS, TOTAL REPAIR COSTS
22 634 111 
28 640 577 
26 166 763 
28 640 577
56
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 129 ---
6. STAFF COSTS
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls
Group
2020 
 
EUR
2019 
 
EUR
2020 
 
EUR
2019 
 
EUR
Remuneration for work
12 474 088
12 066 959
 16 439 638 
12 066 959
State social insurance contributions and benefits 
determined by the collective agreement
3 599 873
3 551 356
 4 585 271 
3 551 356
Contributions to the pension plan
636 661
612 156
 843 075 
612 156
Other staff costs
-
-
 8 137 
-
TOTAL STAFF COSTS 
(INCLUDING REMUNERATION FOR CORPORATE 
GOVERNANCE)
16 710 622
16 230 471
21 876 121
16 230 471
including Remuneration to the company’s 
management (board, council)
Remuneration for work
698 723
638 124
 969 101
638 124
State social insurance contributions and benefits 
determined by the collective agreement
170 928
156 083
240 466 
156 083
Contributions to the pension plan
-
-
18 404
-
Other staff costs
-
-
20 430
-
TOTAL REMUNERATION TO THE MANAGEMENT 
OF THE COMPANY
869 651
794 207
1 248 401
794 207
 
Number of employees at the end of the reporting 
year
539
551
888
551
Average number of employees in the reporting 
year
546
552
887
552
7. OTHER COSTS OF BUSINESS ACTIVITY
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls
Group
2020 
 
EUR
2019 
 
EUR
2020 
 
EUR
2019 
 
EUR
Electricity transmission asset reconstruction and 
renovation works
53 952 908 
85 705 387 
28 469 531 
85 705 387
Power reserve maintenance costs
4 209 747 
2 446 502 
 4 209 747 
2 446 502
Telecommunication services
2 878 023 
2 920 005 
 2 878 023 
2 920 005
Premises and territory maintenance costs
935 908 
921 200 
 1 562 906 
921 200
Elimination of capacity congestion
1 094 939 
4 659 045 
 1 094 939 
4 659 045
IT system maintenance costs
844 508 
747 822 
 849 791 
747 822
Local taxes and fees
210 290 
166 346 
 819 765 
166 346
Transportation costs
778 999 
999 214 
 778 999 
999 214
Nature and labour protection costs
121 587 
106 639 
 121 587 
106 639
Various business costs
1 482 508
935 356 
2 839 106
935 356
OTHER COSTS OF BUSINESS ACTIVITY TOTAL
66 509 417
99 607 516 
43 624 394
99 607 516
57
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 130 ---
8. NET FINANCIAL INCOME/(COSTS)
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls
Group
2020 
 
EUR
2019 
 
EUR
2020 
 
EUR
2020 
 
EUR
a) Financial income
Interest income from loans
334 070
- 
334 070
-
Interest income from credit institutions
18 200
44 224
18 200
44 224
Other financial income
- 
- 
226 547
-
Total financial income
352 270
44 224
578 817
44 224
b) Financial costs
Borrowing interest costs
(829 429)
-
(1 871 028)
-
Interest expense on asset leases IFRS 16
(145 982)
(1 682 295)
(133 196)
(1 682 295)
Other finance costs
(171 635)
(1 336)
(171 635)
(1 336)
Total financial expenses
(1 147 046)
(1 683 631)
(2 175 859)
(1 683 631)
NET FINANCIAL INCOME/(COSTS)
(794 776)
(1 639 407)
(1 597 042)
(1 639 407)
58
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 131 ---
9. AT THE INITIAL APPLICATION OF IFRS 9 INTANGIBLE INVESTMENTS, 
FIXED ASSETS
9.1. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls
Computer 
software
Transmission 
usage rights
Costs of 
creating 
intangible 
investments
Advance 
payment for 
rights of use
TOTAL
31 December 2018
Initial value
829 266 
- 
153 175 
4 118 381
5 100 822 
Accumulated depreciation and impairment
(450 429)
-
-
-
(450 429)
Residual value 
as of 31 December 2018
378 837
-
153 175
4 118 381
4 650 393
2019
Purchased
334 232
11 493 000
229 532
33 909 709
45 966 473
Depreciation
(190 352)
(13 095)
-
-
(203 447)
Residual value 
31 December, 2019
522 715
11 479 905
382 708
38 028 090
50 413 419
31 December, 2019
Initial value
1 163 497
11 493 000
382 708
38 028 090
51 067 295
Accumulated depreciation and impairment
(640 782)
(13 095)
-
-
(653 877)
Residual value 
31 December, 2019
522 715
11 479 905
382 708
38 028 090
50 413 419
2020
Purchased
298 526
-
456 164
-
754 690
Obtained as a result of reorganisation
-
1 080
-
-
1 080
Regrouped
639 372
-
(639 372)
-
-
Excluded
-
(11 048 917)
-
(38 028 090)
(49 077 008)
Depreciation
(225 960)
(431 011)
-
-
(656 971)
Residual value 
31 December 2020
1 234 653
1 057
199 500
-
1 435 210
31 December 2020
Initial value
2 108 318
1 892
199 500
-
2 309 710
Accumulated depreciation and impairment
(873 665)
(835)
-
-
(874 500)
Residual value 
31 December 2020
1 234 653
1 057
199 500
-
1 435 210
* In accordance with the Transmission System Development Plan approved by the Public Utilities Commission, the Company directs the accumulated congestion 
fee revenue to the capital financing of the capital investment transmission system. Following the transmission system operator unbundling model introduced 
in Latvia, according to which the transmission assets are owned by JSC Latvijas elektriskie tīkli, the Company recognises the right to use the transmission 
assets in the amount of the investments made. On 25 November 2020, JSC Latvijas elektriskie tīkli was excluded from the Register of Enterprises and 
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls was added. As a result of the said addition, JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls has acquired the ownership rights of the transmission system 
assets, respectively the right to use the transmission assets has been excluded.
59
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 132 ---
Group
Computer 
software
Transmission 
usage rights
Costs of 
creating 
intangible 
investments
Advance 
payment for 
rights of use
TOTAL
31 December, 2019
Initial value
1 163 497
11 493 000
382 708
38 028 090
51 067 295
Accumulated depreciation and impairment
(640 782)
(13 095)
-
-
(653 877)
Residual value as at 31 December 2019
522 715
11 479 905
382 708
38 028 090
50 413 419
2020
Balances of JSC Conexus Baltic Grid on 31 
July 2020
1 320 926
-
206 999
-
1 527 925
Purchased
298 526
-
1 042 403
-
1 340 929
Balances of JSC Latvijas elektriskie tīkli
-
1 080
-
-
1 080
Regrouped
1 372 573
-
(1 426 240)
-
(53 667)
Excluded
(281)
(11 048 917)
-
(38 028 090)
(49 077 288)
Depreciation
(413 505)
(431 011)
-
-
(844 516)
Residual value as at 31 December 2020
3 100 954
1 057
205 870
-
3 307 881
31 December 2020
Initial value
2 108 318
1 892
199 500
-
2 309 710
As a result of the control, JSC Conexus Baltic 
Grid 31.12.2020
7 698 983
-
6 370
-
7 705 353 
Accumulated depreciation and impairment
(873 665)
(835)
-
-
(874 500)
As a result of the control, JSC Conexus Baltic 
Grid 31.12.2020
(5 832 682)
-
-
-
(5 832 682) 
Residual value as at 31 December 2020
3 100 954
1 057
205 870
-
3 307 881
60
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 133 ---
9.2. FIXED ASSETS
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls
Buildings and 
engineering 
structures
Power lines/
Production 
equipment
Other fixed 
assets
Costs of the 
establishment 
of fixed assets 
and costs of 
objects under 
construction.
TOTAL
31 December 2018
Initial value
-
6 815
8 424 110
-
8 430 925
Accumulated depreciation and 
impairment
-
(6 140)
(4 105 851)
-
(4 111 991)
Residual value
-
675
4 318 259
-
4 318 934
2019
Purchased
-
-
1 599 329
1 000 165
2 599 494
Written off
-
-
(532)
-
(532)
Depreciation
-
(675)
(1 426 019)
-
(1 426 694)
Residual value 31 December, 2019
-
-
4 491 037
1 000 165
5 491 202
31 December, 2019
Initial value
-
6 815
9 933 969
1 000 165
10 940 949
Accumulated depreciation and 
impairment
-
(6 815)
(5 442 932)
-
(5 449 747)
Residual value
-
-
4 491 037
1 000 165
5 491 202
2020
Balances of JSC Latvijas elektriskie 
tīkli 30.09.2020
39 058 031
495 601 436
1 723 011
106 605 514
642 987 992
Purchased
35 100
-
1 635 979
13 343 718
15 014 797
Regrouped
1 467 941
27 540 385
538 839
(29 547 165)
-
Sold
- 
- 
- 
(283 386)
(283 386)
Written off
(60)
(34 175)
(1 973)
- 
(36 208)
Depreciation
(555 509)
(6 280 342)
(1 869 224)
-
(8 705 075)
Adjustment
- 
- 
- 
(109 544)
(109 544)
Residual value 31 December 2020
40 005 503
516 827 304
6 517 669
91 009 302
654 359 778
31 December 2020
Initial/revalued value
47 694 860
1 065 211 783
21 072 775
91 009 302
1 224 988 720 
Accumulated depreciation and 
impairment
(7 689 357)
(548 384 479)
(14 555 106)
-
(570 628 942)
Residual value 31 December 2020
40 005 503
516 827 304
6 517 669
91 009 302
654 359 778
61
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 134 ---
Group
Land, 
buildings 
and civil 
engineering 
works
Power lines/
Techno­
logical 
equipment
Other fixed 
assets
Emergency 
spare parts
Costs of the 
establishment 
of fixed assets 
and costs of 
objects under 
construction.
TOTAL
31 December, 2019
Initial value
-
6 815
9 933 969
-
1 000 165
10 940 949
Accumulated depreciation 
and impairment
-
(6 815)
(5 442 932)
-
-
(5 449 747)
Residual value 
31 December, 2019
-
-
4 491 037
-
1 000 165
5 491 202
2020
Balances of JSC Conexus 
Baltic Grid on 31.07.2020
318 876 576 
73 193 452 
2 118 839 
1 404 726 
10 683 906 
406 277 499 
Balances of JSC Latvijas 
elektriskie tīkli on 
31.05.2020
41 393 506
504 246 362
197 790
-
80 976 728
626 814 386
Purchased
35 100
226 151
3 802 191
-
52 264 119
56 327 561
Regrouped
8 692 116
20 635 288
538 839
-
(40 771 326)
(10 905 083)
Sold
-
(283 386)
(283 386)
Written off
(2 157 085)
(827 820)
(133 178)
-
-
(3 118 083)
Depreciation
(3 481 458)
(7 505 451)
(1 991 711)
-
-
(12 978 620)
Adjustment
158 462
(109 544)
48 918
Residual value 
31 December 2020
363 358 755
589 967 982
9 023 807
1 563 188
103 760 662
1 067 674 394
31 December 2020
Initial/revalued value
47 694 860 
1 065 211 783 
21 072 775 
- 
91 009 302 
1 224 988 720
As a result of control  
JSC Conexus Baltic Grid on 
31.12.2020
761 944 987 
130 919 337 
7 367 348 
1 404 727 
4 657 656 
906 294 055 
Accumulated depreciation 
and impairment
(7 689 357)
(548 384 479)
(14 555 106)
- 
- 
(570 628 942)
As a result of control  
JSC Conexus Baltic Grid on 
31.12.2020
(438 591 735)
(57 778 659)
(4 861 210)
158 461 
8 093 704 
(492 979 439) 
Residual value 
31 December 2020
363 358 755
589 967 982
9 023 807
1 563 188
103 760 662
1 067 674 394
62
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 135 ---
REVALUATION OF FIXED ASSETS
Revaluations of property, plant and equipment 
are performed with sufficient regularity to ensure 
that the carrying amount of property, plant and 
equipment subject to revaluation does not differ 
materially from that which would be determined 
using fair value at the end of the reporting period. 
Augstsprieguma tīkls Group’s accounting policy 
stipulates that the revaluation of fixed assets is 
performed regularly, but not less than once every 
five years.
(a) Electricity transmission segment
The following fixed assets of the electricity 
transmission segment are revalued regularly, but not 
less than once in 5 years:
	electricity transmission networks,
	transformer substation electrical equipment.
The revaluation of the above groups of fixed assets 
was performed in 2016. 
The revaluation was performed by an independent 
external certified valuer, estimating the cost of 
replacing or renewing each item of property, plant 
and equipment based on the actual cost of creating 
or acquiring analogue or similar property, plant 
and equipment shortly before the revaluation. 
For each item of property, plant and equipment, 
the external valuer estimated its functional and 
physical depreciation, which reduced the estimated 
replacement or replacement value.
Management has assessed changes in the criteria 
used in the valuation since the revaluation and 
has estimated that these changes do not have a 
material effect on the value of the revalued groups of 
property, plant and equipment.
The carrying amount of revalued property, plant 
and equipment that would be recognised if the 
assets were accounted for in accordance with the 
cost model as at 31 December 2020 would be EUR 
533,543 thousand. Detailed information on the 
methods used in the revaluation is provided in Note 
2.4.
The table summarises the carrying amounts of the 
revalued groups of assets, assuming that the assets 
are carried at cost.
Together in groups
Initial value in 
the absence of 
revaluation
Accumulated 
depreciation if 
no revaluation 
was performed
Initial value in 
the absence of 
revaluation
Balance sheet 
value on 
31.12.2020
Buildings and structures
687 846 470
363 893 922
323 952 548
353 062 217
Technological plants and equipment
432 273 338
228 707 630
203 565 708
203 770 590
Other FA
12 918 853
6 894 202
6 024 651
6 517 669
Total
1 133 038 661
599 495 754
533 542 907
563 350 476
b) Natural gas transmission and storage segment
In accordance with the Group’s accounting policy, 
the Group accounts for the revalued amount of the 
following groups of property, plant and equipment 
in the natural gas transmission and storage 
segment: buildings and structures and technological 
equipment and machinery, excluding land and buffer 
gas in transmission lines and Inčukalns UGS.
In 2020, the Group assessed the fair value of the 
acquired assets by acquiring a controlling interest 
(see Note 25). In the period from the date of 
acquisition to the end of the reporting year, no 
significant changes in the fair value of assets of the 
natural gas transmission and storage segment were 
identified.
63
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 136 ---
10. OTHER LONG-TERM FINANCIAL INVESTMENTS
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls
Group
31.12.2020 
EUR
31.12.2019 
EUR
31.12.2020 
EUR
31.12.2019 
EUR
Participation in the capital of subsidiaries, 
including:
134 394 971 
57 394 971
- 
110 780 752
JSC Conexus Baltic Grid
134 394 971 
57 394 971
- 
110 780 752
Ownership in the capital of other companies, 
including:
1 422
1 902 887
1 422
1 903 858
JSC Nord Pool Holding
-
1 901 465
-
1 901 465
JSC Pirmais slēgtais pensiju fonds
1 422
1 422
1 422
1 422
Adjustment
-
-
-
971
Residual value at the end of the reporting period
134 396 393 
59 297 858 
1 422 
112 684 610
Name of the Company
Location
Type of business activity
Shares 
(percentage)
JSC Conexus Baltic Grid
Latvia
Natural gas transmission and storage 
operator in Latvia
68.46%
JSC Pirmais slēgtais pensiju fonds
Latvia
Management of pension plans
1.9%
  * Pursuant to the decision of the Shareholders’ Meeting of JSC Conexus Baltic Grid on 30 April 2020, the parent company received dividends in the amount of EUR 
5,604,642 in the reporting year
** The parent company owns 1.9% of the capital of JSC Pirmais slēgtais pensiju fonds The company is a nominal shareholder because all the risks and rewards 
arising as a result of the Fund’s operations is incurred or acquired by the Company’s employees – members of the pension plan.
During the reporting year, the Group disposed of 
its shareholding in AS Nord Pool Holding. As at 31 
December 2019, the investment was carried at fair 
value.
Changes in the value of the investment in the 
associate JSC Conexus Baltic Grid before the 
acquisition of control (see Annex 25):
EUR
1 January 2019
109 038 314
Profit for the reporting period
5 862 636
Revaluations of post-employment benefits
(19 276)
Dividends
(4 100 921)
31 December 2019
110 780 752
Profit for the reporting period
3 080 996
Revaluation of long-term investment
28 120 629
Revaluations of post-employment benefits
-
Dividends
(5 604 592)
Carrying amount as at 31 July 2020
136 377 785
11. INVENTORIES
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls
Group
31.12.2020 
EUR
31.12.2019 
EUR
31.12.2020 
EUR
31.12.2019 
EUR
INVENTORIES
Materials and spare parts
514 087
480 112
2 137 535
480 112
Natural gas
- 
- 
1 477 709
-
Provisions for slow-moving inventories
- 
- 
(80 154)
-
TOTAL INVENTORIES
514 087
480 112
3 535 090
480 112
64
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 137 ---
12. NET TRADE RECEIVABLES
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls
Group
31.12.2020 
EUR
31.12.2019 
EUR
31.12.2020 
EUR
31.12.2019 
EUR
Trade receivables
Electricity transmission system service debt
1 210 290 
747 506 
1 210 290 
747 506
Settlements for natural gas transportation
-
-
4 625 819
-
Settlements for natural gas storage
-
-
2 009 978
-
Settlement of balancing operations
-
-
218 523
-
Other trade receivables
479 125 
7 249 868 
479 499 
7 249 868
Total receivables
1 689 415 
7 997 374 
8 544 109 
7 997 374
For electricity transmission system service debt
- 
(24 234)
-
(24 234)
For other trade receivables
(15 617)
(6 920)
(15 617)
(6 920)
Total provisions for doubtful and hopeless debts
(15 617)
(31 154)
(15 617)
(31 154)
Net trade receivables
Electricity transmission system service debt
1 210 290 
723 272 
1 210 290 
723 272
Settlements for natural gas transportation
-
-
4 625 819
-
Settlements for natural gas storage
-
-
2 009 978
-
Settlement of balancing operations
-
-
218 523
-
Other trade receivables
463 508 
7 242 948 
463 881 
7 242 948
TOTAL NET TRADE RECEIVABLES
1 673 798 
7 966 220 
8 528 491 
7 966 220
DECREASE OF RECEIVABLES VALUE
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls
Group
31.12.2020 
EUR
31.12.2019 
EUR
31.12.2020 
EUR
31.12.2019 
EUR
At the beginning of the reporting year
31 154 
17 808 
 31 154 
17 808
Written off provisions for doubtful debtors
 
(11 529)
 – 
(11 529)
Included in the profit or loss statement
(15 537)
24 875 
(15 537)
24 875
At the end of the reporting year
15 617 
31 154 
15 617 
31 154
The following table shows the evolution of life expectancy credit losses on trade receivables recognised under 
the simplified approach set out in IFRS 9.
65
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 138 ---
13. OTHER DEBTORS
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls
Group
31.12.2020 
EUR
31.12.2019 
EUR
31.12.2020 
EUR
31.12.2019 
EUR
Deposits
25 000 000 
20 000 000 
 25 000 000 
20 000 000
Overpaid taxes (see Note 21), including:
11 512 
11 512 
 11 512 
11 512
Corporate income tax
11 512 
11 512 
 11 512 
11 512
Receipt of EU funding
31 570 973 
- 
 31 570 973 
-
The rest of the receivables
76 778 
22 722 
 169 780 
22 722
TOTAL OTHER DEBTORS
56 659 263 
20 034 234 
56 752 265 
20 034 234
IFRS 14 ACCRUED INCOME
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls
Group
31.12.2020 
EUR
31.12.2019 
EUR
31.12.2020 
EUR
31.12.2019 
EUR
Provisions for revenue from provided services
For transmission system service revenue
6 346 934 
6 247 801 
6 346 934 
6 247 801
For the sale of balancing electricity
1 365 183 
850 470 
1 365 183 
850 470
For mandatory purchase component revenue
627 107 
379 458 
627 107 
379 458
Cross-border electricity perimeter charges
211 132 
 
211 132 
-
For revenue from the sale of regulatory electricity
71 975 
34 343 
71 975 
34 343
For revenue from reactive electricity
50 247 
41 287 
50 247 
41 287
For building maintenance service revenue
39 779 
41 142 
39 779 
41 142
Provisions for loss compensation in transformers
20 413 
16 610 
20 413 
16 610
For balancing administration service revenue
3 201 
3 557 
3 201 
3 557
For transmission asset reconstruction and 
renovation works
- 
3 828 182 
- 
3 828 182
For revenue from other services
392 374 
9 947 
392 374 
9 947
Total provisions for revenue from provided 
services
9 128 345 
11 452 797 
9 128 345 
11 452 797
Electricity transit service revenue (ITC)
68 336 
858 728 
68 336 
858 728
Various accrued revenue
226 022 
1 465 567 
226 022 
1 465 567
TOTAL ACCRUED REVENUE
9 422 703 
13 777 092 
9 422 703 
13 777 092
66
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 139 ---
15. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls
Group
31.12.2020 
EUR
31.12.2019 
EUR
31.12.2020 
EUR
31.12.2019 
EUR
CASH IN THE BANK
32 224 560
28 216 327
47 388 296
28 216 327
16. EQUITY
As of 31 December 2020, the registered share capital 
of JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls is EUR 363,896,079 
(EUR 64,218,079 on 31 December 2019), consisting 
of 363 896 079 shares (64,218,079 shares on 
31 December 2019).
In accordance with the decision of the Shareholders’ 
Meeting of 15 June 2020 of JSC Augstsprieguma 
tīkls (Minutes No. 2, § 1 and § 2), an investment in the 
share capital of the Company in the amount of EUR 
299,678,000 has been made.
The parent company has made payments to the state 
budget for the use of state capital from the previous 
year’s net profit:
in 2016	
EUR 155,345;
in 2017	
EUR 299,511
In 2018	
EUR 247,395;
In 2019	
EUR 3,598,352;
In 2020:	
EUR 1,735,958;
The parent company’s reserves consist of retained 
earnings from previous periods, which by the owner’s 
decision have been transferred to other reserves 
to ensure the Company’s development, fixed assets 
revaluation reserve, post-employment benefit 
revaluation reserve.
The Group’s reserves consist of the revaluation 
reserve for fixed assets, the reserves specified in 
the Articles of Association of the subsidiary, the 
revaluation reserve for post-employment benefits, 
retained earnings, which have been transferred 
to other reserves for development by the owner’s 
decision.
Reorganisa-
tion reserve
Revaluation 
reserve of 
fixed assets
Post-
employment 
benefit 
measurement 
reserve
Continuity 
reserve
JSC “Augst-
sprieguma  
tīkls”
GROUP
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
TOTAL 
EUR
TOTAL 
EUR
as of 31 December 2018
-
-
(153 387)
2 680 615
2 527 228
2 527 227 
Continuity reserve
(30 162)
Profit from valuation of 
post-employment benefits
-
-
259 393
-
259 393
259 393 
on 31 December 2019
-
-
106 006
2 680 615
2 786 621
2 756 459
Continuity reserve
-
-
384 250
(315 146)
69 104
411 625
Revaluation reserve of 
fixed assets
-
28 653 237
-
-
28 653 237
28 915 196
Reorganisation reserve
(27 336 704)
-
-
-
(27 336 704)
(25 778 705)
31 December 2020
(27 336 704)
28 653 237
490 256
2 365 469
4 172 258
6 304 575
67
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 140 ---
17. DEFERRED REVENUE
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls
Group
31.12.2020 
EUR
31.12.2019 
EUR
31.12.2020 
EUR
31.12.2019 
EUR
a) Long-term deferred income
- from European Union funding
112 672 698
30 000
123 454 434
30 000
- from the expected European Union funding
31 570 973
- 
31 570 973
-
- from connection fees
39 995 011
- 
39 995 011
-
- from congestion charge revenue
95 608 651
89 963 992
95 608 651
89 963 992
TOTAL
279 847 333
89 993 992
290 629 069
89 993 992
(b) Short-term deferred income
- from European Union funding (depreciation)
2 320 835
169 877 
2 670 600 
169 877
- from connection fees
3 379 561
- 
3 379 561 
-
- from congestion charge revenue
273 144
4 776 510 
273 144 
4 776 510
- from IPGK reserved capacity charges
- 
-
903 165 
-
TOTAL
5 973 540
4 946 387
7 226 470
4 946 387
Deferred income  
(long-term and short-term part) movement
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls
Group
31.12.2020 
EUR
31.12.2019 
EUR
31.12.2020 
EUR
31.12.2019 
EUR
At the beginning of the reporting year
289 601 283
169 877 
301 033 754
169 877
Received deferred revenues from European Union 
financing
7 507 226
30 000
7 507 226
30 000
Deferred revenue from connection fees received
40 667
- 
40 667
-
Long-term deferred revenue from usage rights is 
excluded
(11 043 332)
- 
(11 043 332)
-
Deferred revenue from congestion charges
 -
94 740 502
-
94 740 502
Revenue from congestion charges is included in 
the profit or loss statement
1 141 328
1 141 328
-
Connection fees are included in the profit or loss 
statement
(844 618)
- 
(844 618)
-
- from IPGK reserved capacity charges
- 
- 
903 165
-
European Union funding is included in the profit or 
loss statement
(581 681) 
-
(882 651)
-
At the end of the reporting year
285 820 873
94 940 379
297 855 539
94 940 379
68
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 141 ---
18. ADVANCE PAYMENTS AND OTHER CREDITORS
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls
Group
31.12.2020 
EUR
31.12.2019 
EUR
31.12.2020 
EUR
31.12.2019 
EUR
Settlements with employees
641 702 
619 356 
641 702 
619 356
Connection fee advances received *
602 252 
82 723 
602 252 
82 723
Advance payments from EU co-financing
162 277 
- 
162 277 
-
Other creditors
1 591 210 
2 598 814 
2 975 189 
2 598 814
ADVANCE PAYMENTS AND OTHER CREDITORS
2 997 441 
3 300 893 
4 381 420 
3 300 893
 * JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls provides system participants with necessary connections to the transmission system or an increase of the permitted load of existing 
connections in accordance with the connection rules regarding the fee for system participants, issued by PUC, which is determined by the transmission system 
operator, according to the PUC calculation method for the calculation of the connection fee.
19. ACCRUED LIABILITIES
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls
Group
31.12.2020 
EUR
31.12.2019 
EUR
31.12.2020 
EUR
31.12.2019 
EUR
Accrued liabilities for expenses for services received
Purchase of balancing electricity
695 079 
778 154 
695 079 
778 154
Transmission asset reconstruction and renovation 
works
662 390 
130 776 
662 390 
130 776
Savings to ensure the availability of natural gas
- 
- 
640 973 
-
Mandatory procurement component
627 107 
379 458 
627 107 
379 458
Electricity capacity reserve maintenance costs
363 974 
345 960 
363 974 
345 960
Purchase of regulatory electricity
284 267 
47 437 
284 267 
47 437
Expenses for telecommunications
242 629 
248 305 
242 629 
248 305
Use of synchronous compensators
117 762 
76 365 
117 762 
76 365
Repairs of power transmission poles
63 375 
- 
63 375 
-
Information technology services
27 586 
21 679 
27 586 
21 679
Annual report, accounting audit expenses
- 
16 100 
16 140 
16 100
Electricity for own consumption
15 956 
16 770 
15 956 
16 770
Lease of fixed assets (transmission assets)
-
3 131 548 
- 
3 131 548
Provisions for other services
78 105
102 427 
78 105
102 427
Total accrued liabilities for expenses for services 
received
3 178 230
5 294 979 
3 835 343
5 294 979
Accrued bonus costs for previous year’s results
333 008 
342 928 
2 072 258 
342 928
Accrued cost of unused holidays
745 304 
657 646 
1 261 725 
657 646
Accrued interest liabilities
412 174 
 
412 174 
-
Accrued liabilities to compensate the transit losses
598 000 
25 917 
598 000 
25 917
Accrued benefit costs and pension plan 
contributions
42 728 
40 818 
42 728 
40 818
TOTAL ACCRUED LIABILITIES
5 309 444 
6 362 288 
8 222 227 
6 362 288
69
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 142 ---
20. LOANS
As a result of the reorganisation of the ownership 
rights of the transmission system assets and the 
successive investment of JSC Latvijas elektriskie tīkli 
in the share capital of JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls on 
16 June 2020 and its addition on 25 January 2020, 
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls took over the loans of 
JSC Latvijas elektriskie tīkli in 2020.
Until 11 June 2020, the shares of JSC Latvijas 
elektriskie tīkli were 100% owned by JSC Latvenergo. 
To ensure the functions of the owner of the 
transmission system assets until the change of 
shareholder JSC Latvijas elektriskie tīkli received and 
issued loans to the parent company JSC Latvenergo 
in accordance with the agreement “On the provision 
of mutual financial resources” concluded within the 
Latvenergo Group.
After the investment of JSC Latvijas elektriskie tīkli 
shares in JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls on 16 June 2020, 
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls ensures the attraction of 
the borrowed capital necessary for financing capital 
investments. On 18 June 2020, a loan agreement 
was concluded with AS SEB banka for EUR 116,200 
thousand with a maturity of 18 months (repayment 
date of the principal amount on 18 December 
2021), a base interest rate of 3 months EURIBOR 
and an added interest rate of 0.74%. The purpose 
of this loan is to partially refinance the liabilities of 
JSC Latvijas elektriskie tīkli to JSC Latvenergo. The 
loan is unsecured. In 2021, it is planned to refinance 
the loan of JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls against JSC SEB 
banka by issuing bonds.
As at 31 December 2020, JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls 
has a loan from Latvenergo AS in the amount of EUR 
86,672 2017 with a fixed loan interest rate of 1.6%, 
which corresponds to the weighted average interest 
rate at which Latvenergo AS attracts loans in foreign 
markets. The loan is unsecured. The repayment 
terms of the loan principal are 15 March 2022 and 
15 March 2023, the loan is repaid in two equal 
instalments.
An overdraft agreement of up to EUR 20,000 
thousand has been concluded between 
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls and JSC SEB banka for 
financing current assets with a maturity until 18 June 
2021, a base interest rate of 3 months EURIBOR and 
an added interest rate of 0.69%. During the reporting 
period, JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls did not receive 
any loans within the framework of the overdraft 
agreement. In 2021, it is planned to organise a 
procurement procedure for overdraft to finance 
working capital for future periods.
The natural gas operator JSC Conexus Baltic Grid 
attracts external financing with its own resources. 
JSC Conexus Baltic Grid has a valid loan agreement 
with a payment term until 30 November 2021. 
The interest rate of the loan agreement is 0.60% 
plus 6-month EURIBOR. The loan is unsecured. 
JSC Conexus Baltic Grid plans to refinance the loan 
in 2021, and the management is currently considering 
alternative refinancing offers from credit institutions.
LOANS FROM CREDIT INSTITUTIONS 
AND RELATED PARTIES:
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls
Group
31.12.2020 
EUR
31.12.2019 
EUR
31.12.2020 
EUR
31.12.2019 
EUR
Long-term loans from related parties
86 672 207
- 
 86 672 207 
- 
Short-term loans from credit institutions
116 200 000
- 
138 075 000
- 
Accrued liabilities for borrowing costs from related 
parties
412 174
- 
 412 174 
- 
TOTAL loans
203 284 381
-
225 159 381
-
70
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 143 ---
CHANGES IN BORROWING FROM CREDIT INSTITUTIONS 
AND RELATED PARTIES
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls
Group
31.12.2020 
EUR
31.12.2019 
EUR
31.12.2020 
EUR
31.12.2019 
EUR
At the beginning of the reporting year
-
-
 – 
-
Loans received from related parties
86 672 207
- 
 86 672 207 
- 
Loans received from credit institutions
116 200 000
- 
 138 075 000 
- 
Calculated borrowing interest rates for related 
parties
412 174
- 
 412 174 
- 
Calculated borrowing interest rates for credit 
institutions
441 883
- 
 441 883 
- 
Paid interest on loans to credit institutions
(441 883)
- 
(441 883) 
- 
Changes in loans, net
203 284 381
-
225 159 381
-
At the end of the reporting year
203 284 381
-
225 159 381
-
Related companies
 86 672 207 
- 
 86 672 207 
- 
Credit institutions
 116 200 000 
- 
 138 075 000 
- 
TOTAL loans
202 872 207
-
224 747 207
-
21. TAXES AND MANDATORY STATE SOCIAL INSURANCE 
CONTRIBUTIONS
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls
Group
31.12.2019 
EUR
Calculated 
EUR
Paid  
EUR
31.12.2020 
EUR
31.12.2020 
EUR
31.12.2019 
EUR
Corporate income tax
-
347 192
(347 192)
-
 3 539 
-
Value added tax
187 421
6 405 292
(5 567 385)
1 025 328
 1 637 290 
187 421
Mandatory State social insurance 
contributions
442 746
4 536 075
(4 503 872)
474 949
 742 095 
442 746
Personal income tax
233 321
2 259 105
(2 238 727)
253 700
 385 067 
233 321
Entrepreneurship risk state fee
198
2 348
(2 352)
194
 194 
198
Electricity tax
315
2 176
(2 212)
278
 278 
315
Natural resource tax
-
-
-
-
 43 237 
-
Real estate tax
- 
206
(206)
-
 10 
-
TOTAL TAXES
864 002
13 552 394
(12 661 946)
1 754 449
2 811 710
864 002
71
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 144 ---
22. FAIR VALUE CONSIDERATIONS
13. 13 establishes a hierarchy of valuation techniques 
based on whether observable market data is used 
in the valuation technique or whether there is any 
observable market data. Observable market data is 
obtained from independent sources. If market data 
is not observable, the valuation technique reflects 
the Company’s assumptions about the market 
situation.
This hierarchy requires the use of observable 
market data, if it is available. When carrying out the 
revaluation, the Company shall take into account the 
relevant observable market prices, if it is possible.
The objective of measuring the fair value, even if the 
market is not active, is to determine the transaction 
price at which market participants would be ready 
to sell the asset or make a commitment at a given 
valuation date under current market conditions.
Several methods are used to determine the fair value 
of a financial instrument: quoted prices or valuation 
techniques that incorporate observable market data 
and are based on internal models. Based on the fair 
value hierarchy, all valuation techniques are divided 
into Level 1, Level 2, and Level 3.
The level of the fair value hierarchy of a financial 
instrument should be determined as the lowest level 
if a significant part of their value consists of lower 
level data.
The classification of a financial instrument in the fair 
value hierarchy is carried out in two steps:
1.	 Classify each level of data to determine the fair 
value hierarchy;
2.	 Classify the financial instrument itself on the basis 
of the lowest level, if a significant part of their 
value is formed of lower-level data. 
Quoted market prices – Level 1
The valuation technique in Level 1 uses unadjusted 
quoted prices in an active market for identical assets 
or liabilities, when quoted prices are readily available 
and the price represents the actual market position 
for the transactions under fair competition.
Valuation techniques, when using market data – 
Level 2
In the valuation technique used in Level 2 models, 
all relevant data, directly or indirectly, is observable 
from the asset or liability side. The model uses 
market data that are not the quoted prices at 
Level 1 but that are observable directly (i.e., price) or 
indirectly (i.e., derived from price).
Valuation technique using market data that is 
not based on observable market data – Level 3
In the valuation technique, market data that 
are not based on observable market data (non-
observable market data) are classified in Level 3. 
Non-observable market data are the data that 
are not easily available in an active market due to 
the illiquidity of the market or the complexity of 
the financial instrument. Level 3 data are usually 
determined from observable market data of a 
similar nature, from historical observations, or from 
analytical approaches.
Assets and liabilities that are presented at fair 
value or that are counted at fair value
The carrying amount of liquid and short-term (up 
to three months) financial instruments such as cash 
and cash equivalents, short-term deposits, short-
term trade receivables and debts to suppliers and 
contractors is approximately at their fair value.
72
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 145 ---
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls
Carrying amount 
EUR
1st pillar, 
EUR
2nd pillar, 
EUR
3rd pillar, 
EUR
31.12.2019
Cash and cash equivalents
28 216 327
-
28 216 327
-
Trade receivables
7 966 220
-
-
7 966 220
Deposits
20 000 000
-
20 000 000
-
Other long-term financial investments
1 902 887
-
-
1 902 887
Other financial assets
22 722
- 
 
22 722
Trade payables
6 099 120
-
-
6 099 120
Other financial liabilities
2 598 814
-
-
2 598 814
31.12.2020
Cash and cash equivalents
32 224 560
-
32 224 560
-
Trade receivables
1 673 797
-
-
1 673 797
Deposit
25 000 000
-
25 000 000
-
Other long-term financial investments
1 422
-
-
1 422
Other financial assets
31 647 751
-
-
31 647 751
Trade payables
4 908 151
-
-
4 908 151
Other financial liabilities
1 591 210
-
-
1 591 210
Balance item
Group
Carrying amount 
EUR
1st pillar, 
EUR
2nd pillar, 
EUR
3rd pillar, 
EUR
31.12.2019
Cash and cash equivalents
28 216 327
-
28 216 327
-
Trade receivables
7 966 220
-
-
7 966 220
Deposits
20 000 000
-
20 000 000
-
Other long-term financial investments
1 902 887
-
-
1 902 887
Other financial assets
22 722
- 
 
22 722
Trade payables
6 099 120
-
-
6 099 120
Other financial liabilities
2 598 814
-
-
2 598 814
31.12.2020
Cash and cash equivalents
47 388 296
-
47 388 296
-
Trade receivables
8 528 491
-
-
8 528 491
Deposits
25 000 000
-
25 000 000
-
Other long-term financial investments
1 422
-
-
1 422
Other financial assets
31 740 753
-
-
31 740 753
Trade payables
12 544 628
-
-
12 544 628
Other financial liabilities
2 975 189
-
-
2 975 189
73
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 146 ---
23 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
Financial Risk Management of the Augstsprieguma 
tīkls Group is implemented in accordance with the 
Financial Risk Management Policy and its subordinate 
Financial Risk Management Regulations.
Group companies, in which the participation of 
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls is less than 100%, however, 
it has a direct decisive influence on the basis of 
participation within the meaning of the Group 
Law, develop and approve their Financial Risk 
Management Policies, if necessary, which are in line 
with the basic principles of the Group’s policy.
The management of financial resources is focused 
on ensuring the financing of its business activities 
and financial stability by implementing conservative 
financial risk management. Within the framework 
of financial risk management, the Company uses 
financial risk controls and implements risk mitigation 
measures to reduce the risk on open positions.
The Company complies with prudential liquidity risk 
management, ensuring that appropriate financial 
resources are available to it for the settlement of 
liabilities within the set time periods.
Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is related to the Company’s ability to 
meet its obligations within the set deadlines. In the 
case of unpredictable cash flow fluctuations and 
short-term liquidity risk caused by operational risk, 
the Company provides a reserve in the form of cash 
or credit.
The Company observes prudent liquidity risk 
management, ensuring constant monitoring of cash 
flow, forecasting short-term and long-term cash 
flow, ensuring the availability of sufficient financial 
resources to settle liabilities within the set deadlines.
As at 31 December 2020, the Company’s current 
liabilities exceed current assets, as current liabilities 
include a loan agreement in the amount of EUR 
116,200,000 with a maturity date of 18 December 
2021 (see Note 20). The Company intends to 
refinance this loan in 2021, thus it does not pose a 
risk of going concern.
In order to refinance the liabilities taken over as a 
result of the reorganisation, to ensure the availability 
of capital, the Company’s management has approved 
the Fundraising Strategy for 2021–2025, a decision 
has been made and a procurement procedure for 
selecting the lead bank for the bond issue has been 
initiated. After refinancing, the Company’s current 
assets will exceed current liabilities.
The Company’s management believes that the 
Company will have sufficient financial resources to 
ensure its liquidity is not compromised.
74
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 147 ---
ANALYSIS OF THE TERMS OF FINANCIAL LIABILITIES 
BY THEIR CONTRACTUAL CASH FLOWS, INCLUDING 
INTEREST PAYMENTS, EUR:
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls
2021
2022
2023 
2024 – …
Total
31.12.2020
Borrowings from banks
117 040 772
- 
- 
- 
117 040 772
Borrowing from 
JSC Latvenergo
1 386 755
44 181 639
43 478 631
- 
89 047 025
Debts to buyers and 
suppliers
4 908 151
- 
- 
- 
4 908 151
Total
123 335 678
44 181 639
43 478 631
- 
210 995 948
2020
2021
2022
2023 – …
Kopā
31.12.2019
Borrowings from banks
-
-
-
-
-
Borrowing from 
JSC Latvenergo
-
-
-
-
-
Debts to buyers and 
suppliers
6 099 120
-
-
-
6 099 120
Total
6 099 120
-
-
-
6 099 120
Group
2021
2022
2023 
2024 – …
Total
31.12.2020
Borrowings from banks
139 029 716
- 
- 
- 
139 029 716
Borrowing from 
JSC Latvenergo
- 
44 181 639
43 478 631
 -
87 660 270
Debts to buyers and 
suppliers
12 544 628
- 
- 
- 
12 544 628
Total
151 574 344
44 181 639
43 478 631
-
239 234 614
2020
2021
2022
2023 – …
Total
31.12.2019
Borrowings from banks
-
-
-
-
-
Borrowing from 
JSC Latvenergo
-
-
-
-
-
Debts to buyers and 
suppliers
6 099 120
-
-
-
6 099 120
Total
6 099 120
-
-
-
6 099 120
Interest rate risk
Interest rate risk arises primarily from borrowings 
with a fixed interest rate, with the risk that an 
increase in interest rates will result in a significant 
increase in finance costs.
To limit the risk, the Company’s Financial Risk 
Management Regulations stipulate that the share of 
fixed rate or rate with limited increase in the loan 
portfolio may not be less than 35%.
As at 31 December 2020, 43% of JSC Augstsprieguma 
tīkls loans have a fixed interest rate.
The Company regularly analyses interest rate 
positions. Different scenarios are modelled taking 
into account possible refinancing of loans, renewal of 
existing positions and hedging activities.
Based on these scenarios, the effect of changes in 
interest rates on profit or loss items as well as cash 
flow is calculated.
75
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 148 ---
Over the next twelve months, if interest rates on 
euro loans at floating base rates are 50 basis points 
higher than interest rates on 31 December 2020, 
assuming that other variables remain constant, the 
Company’s profit would be EUR 0.6 thousand lower. 
The Company’s fixed interest rate borrowings do not 
give rise to fair value interest rate risk.
Credit risk
Credit risk arises if the Company’s partner is 
unable to meet its contractual obligations, as a 
result of which the Company incurs losses. Credit 
risk arises from the Company’s cash, deposits in 
commercial banks, and overdue receivables within 
the terms specified in the agreement. Credit risk 
may be related to financial counterparty risk and 
counterparty risk.
In carrying out its economic activities, the Company 
cooperates with local and foreign financial 
institutions. Consequently, there is a risk of financial 
counterparties – in the case of insolvency or 
suspension of cooperation partners, the Company 
may suffer losses. In the case of attracted external 
financing, the risk exists until the loan is withdrawn 
and transferred to one of the Company’s partner 
banks.
Credit risk arising from the Company’s cash in 
current accounts is managed in accordance with the 
Company’s Financial Risk Management Policy and 
Financial Risk Management Regulations, balancing 
the allocation of financial resources.
In accordance with the Financial Risk Management 
Policy, counterparties with a minimum credit rating 
of at least investment grade set by the international 
credit rating agency itself or the parent bank are 
accepted in cooperation with banks and financial 
institutions.
The credit ratings of the banks used by the Company 
in accordance with the bank credit ratings assigned 
by Moody’s and the balances of funds in these banks 
in current accounts and term deposits are as follows:
Balance item
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls
Bank
Credit rating
31.12.2020 
EUR
31.12.2019 
EUR
Cash, including:
Cash in current accounts, company cards
SEB banka
Aa2
9 887 191
8 506 206
Swedbank
Aa3
22 337 369
19 710 121
Total cash
32 224 560
28 216 327
Cash with accounts receivables, including:
With short-term accounts receivables:
Deposits with a term of up to 3 months
Luminor bank JSC 
Latvian Branch
Baa1
25 000 000
20 000 000
Total deposits with a term of up to 3 months
25 000 000
20 000 000
Balance item
Group
Bank
Credit rating
31.12.2020 
EUR
31.12.2019 
EUR
Cash, including:
Cash in current accounts, company cards
SEB banka
Aa2
10 822 773
-
Swedbank
Aa3
33 419 549
Latvian branch of OP 
Corporate bank plc
Aa3
696 523
Citadele banka
Baa3
949 544
Luminor bank JSC 
Latvian Branch
Baa1
1 499 907
Total cash
47 388 296
-
Cash with accounts receivables, including:
With short-term accounts receivables:
Deposits with a term of up to 3 months
Luminor bank JSC 
Latvian Branch
Baa1
25 000 000
-
Total deposits with a term of up to 3 months
25 000 000
-
76
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 149 ---
In carrying out economic activities, the Company 
cooperates with local and foreign merchants. As 
a result, there is a risk of business partners or 
debtors – in the case of insolvency or suspension of 
business partners, the Company may suffer losses. 
The Law on International and National Sanctions of 
the Republic of Latvia imposes a number of financial 
and civil law restrictions on entities included in 
the list of sanctions, including the freezing of 
funds. In view of the above, cooperation with an 
entity included on the list of sanctions poses a 
risk of default to the Company, as well as legal and 
reputational risks.
Although the Company has a significant 
concentration of receivables risk in relation to one 
counterparty or a group of similar counterparties, 
this risk is assessed as limited, taking into account 
the fact that the most important Cooperation 
counterparty is a state-owned company – 
Latvenergo AB, as well as its group companies.
Credit risk related to receivables is managed in 
accordance with the risk management measures 
specified in the Financial Risk Management 
Regulations, on a monthly basis, but not less 
than once a quarter, by performing an analysis of 
receivables. As at 31 December 2020, the payment 
of invoices in the total amount of EUR 636,439 
was delayed, which is 0.4% of the Company’s net 
turnover.
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls
31.12.2020 
EUR
31.12.2019 
EUR
Cash and cash 
equivalents
32 224 560
28 216 327
Trade receivables 
and other payables 
(gross amount) 
excluding advances 
and prepayments
1 689 415
7 997 374
Total
33 913 975
36 213 701
In addition, the following information regarding 
credit risk is disclosed:
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls
31.12.2020 
EUR
31.12.2019 
EUR
Debts that are not 
overdue
1 052 702
7 169 245
Overdue debts
Up to 3 months
56 632
634 168
From 3 to 12 months
505 159
187 633
From 1 to 5 years
74 922
6 328
More than 5 years
-
-
TOTAL
1 689 415
7 997 374
Business Risk Management
The shareholder of the Company is the Ministry 
of Finance in the name of the Republic of Latvia 
(100%) The purpose of capital risk management is to 
ensure the sustainable operation and development 
of the Company, the financing necessary for 
the implementation of the development plan 
in transmission assets, and the fulfilment of 
the restrictive conditions specified in the loan 
agreements. In 2020, the restrictive conditions set 
out in the loan agreements have not been violated. 
In order to ensure the fulfilment of the restrictive 
conditions specified in the loan agreements, a 
regular analysis of the equity ratio is performed. 
According to the Augstsprieguma tīkls Group’s 
Financial Risk Management Policy, equity must be 
maintained at a level of at least 35% (the restrictive 
condition specified in the loan agreements – at a 
level of at least 25%). As at 31 December 2020, the 
share of JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls equity in the 
balance sheet is 42%, of the Group – 53%.
Currency risk
The Company’s operations are focused on 
transactions, assets and liabilities in the Company’s 
functional currency, which is the Euro.
The Company’s currency risk is assessed as 
insignificant, the Company has no balances in foreign 
currencies.
77
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 150 ---
24. TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES
Related parties are state-owned entities that 
are controlled, jointly controlled, or substantially 
influenced by the state. The Company has no 
significant transactions and other transactions that, 
together but not separately, are significant with the 
Government of the Republic of Latvia, government 
agencies and similar local, national or international 
institutions that are subject to standard operations. 
except for the capital company JSC Latvenergo 
and its subsidiaries – the owner of transmission 
assets JSC Latvijas elektriskie tīkli, the energy supply 
service provider JSC Latvenergo, the distribution 
system operator JSC Sadales tīkls, the public 
electricity trader JSC Enerģijas publiskais tirgotājs.
b) Balances at the end of the year arising from 
related company transactions
a) Revenue and expenses from transactions with 
related parties
JSC Augstsprieguma 
tīkls
2020. 
EUR
2019. 
EUR
State controlled 
companies*
Revenue
Transport system service
72 255 404 
72 469 813 
Revenue from the sale of 
electricity, electric capacity 
maintenance services
5 718 133 
6 262 195 
Mandatory procurement 
component
4 240 315 
3 991 820 
Transmission asset 
reconstruction and 
renovation works
 – 
85 727 617 
Revenue from other services
2 425 554 
749 473 
Total revenue from 
transactions with affiliated 
companies
84 639 406 169 200 918 
Distributions
Electricity purchase
 11 225 918 
 13 618 590 
Mandatory procurement 
component
 6 280 984 
 4 065 761 
Communication expenses
3 111 304 
3 190 660 
Long-term loan interest 
payments
234 978 
- 
Advance payments for 
connection usage rights
 – 
 33 909 709 
Right-of-use transmission 
assets
 – 
 11 493 000 
Lease of fixed assets and land
 110 882 
- 
Other costs
118 214 
855 796 
Total cost of transactions 
with affiliated companies
21 082 281 
67 133 516 
JSC Augstsprieguma 
tīkls
2020. 
EUR
2019. 
EUR
Accounts receivable:
 
 
state-controlled capital 
companies
7 823 907 
18 797 731 
Liabilities of creditors:
 
 
state-controlled capital 
companies
2 324 691 
5 370 327 
78
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 151 ---
25. REVENUE FROM THE ACQUISITION OF A SUBSIDIARY 
(BARGAIN PURCHASE) AND MERGERS
JSC Conexus Baltic Grid
On 12 and 22 December 2017, the Company acquired 
18.31% (for a total consideration of EUR 27,394 
thousand) and 16.05% (for a total consideration of 
EUR 33 million), respectively, acquiring a total of 
34.36% of JSC Conexus Baltic Grid shares.
As mentioned on page 10, in compliance with the 
protocol decision of the Cabinet of Ministers of 
the Republic of Latvia of 26 May 2020 (Protocol 
No. 36 § 38) “On the exercise of pre-emption right 
in the transaction of disposal of JSC Conexus 
Baltic Grid, on 21 July 2006, an additional 34.1% of 
JSC Conexus Baltic Grid shares were acquired for a 
total consideration of EUR 77 million, respectively, 
as of 21 July 2020, the Company owns 68.46% of 
JSC Conexus Baltic Grid shares and has a decisive 
influence (control) in the company.
The consolidated financial statements of the Group 
include the financial results of the subsidiary 
JSC Conexus Baltic Grid from 1 August 2020 to 31 
December 2020, incl. recognising the following assets 
and liabilities at the time of acquisition of control:
EUR
Intangible assets
1 527 925
Fixed assets
406 277 500
Long-term prepaid expenses
1 209 438
Right-of-use assets
452 150
Inventories
3 037 511
Advances for inventory
24 677
Trade receivables
6 239 666
Gross trade receivables:
6 239 666
Estimate of bad cash flows of debts
-
The rest of the receivables
797 913
Cash and its equivalents
14 096 653
Deferred revenue
9 279 112
Provisions for post-employment benefits 
and collective bargaining costs
1 114 516
Loans from credit institutions
19 833 333
Loans from credit institutions
3 500 000
Trade payables
2 338 728
Deferred corporate income tax liabilities*
5 152 000
Other liabilities
2 679 889
Accrued liabilities and provisions
1 813 516
Deferred revenue
2 083 221
Advance payments received from 
customers
741 890
Long-term lease liabilities
452 830
Short-term lease liabilities
56 625
384 617 773
EUR
Total remuneration
77 000 000
Non-controlling interest in proportion to 
the net assets acquired
120 912 690
Fair value of investment in an associate 
(before acquisition of control)
77 584 786
198 497 476
Gain from a bargain purchase
109 119 016
Fair value of investment in associate 
(previous investment)
77 584 786
Book value of investment before 
acquisition of control
136 377 785
Loss as a result of gaining control
(58 792 999)
Net income from the transaction 
recognised in the profit or loss statement
50 326 017
* Recognised deferred corporate income tax of EUR 5,152 thousand for the 
profit of JSC Conexus Baltic Grid, which arose after 31 December 2017 and 
which is planned to be paid in dividends in the foreseeable future for a 
period of three years (2021 to 2023).
The value of the non-controlling interest is 
determined in proportion to the total net asset value 
of JSC Conexus Baltic Grid at the time of acquisition 
of control.
The fair value of the most significant item “Fixed 
assets” was determined taking the valuation into 
account recognised in the accounts of JSC Conexus 
Baltic Grid in April 2020, based on the assessment 
of depreciated replacement value of assets by 
groups of fixed assets in the natural gas transmission 
and storage segment: buildings and structures; 
technological equipment and machinery, except 
land plots and buffer gas in transmission pipelines 
and Inčukalns UGS. Fixed assets were valued by 
independent certified appraisers Grant Thornton 
Baltic SIA, determining the amortised replacement 
value: initial, accumulated depreciation and residual 
value for each valued fixed asset. The cost approach 
was used in the valuation, based on the average 
construction and acquisition costs in Latvia. As a 
result of revaluation, the residual value of revalued 
assets in the balance sheet of JSC Conexus Baltic 
Grid as of 1 January 2020 was increased by EUR 
92,311,666, revaluation reserve was increased by EUR 
92,100,425, the positive effect from the reversal of 
the previously recognised decrease of EUR 211,241 
is included in the profit or loss statement. During 
the evaluation, estimates of the useful lives of 
fixed assets were made and, based on experience 
and industry practice, they were extended to the 
following groups of fixed assets: natural gas pipelines, 
wells, gas regulation equipment and specialised 
technological equipment.
The above assessment was used to determine the 
fair value of property, plant and equipment at the 
time of acquisition of control, as well as to assess 
the fair value of the regulated assets base. The 
79
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 152 ---
said assessment is included in the calculation of 
the value of the assets included in the calculation 
of the Inčukalns underground gas storage service 
tariff (approved by the Public Utilities Commission 
Council Decision No. 18 of 1 March 2021), it is 
determined in accordance with their revalued value 
without adjustments (valuation of fixed assets of 
JSC Conexus Baltic Grid performed by SIA Grant 
Thornton Baltic).
Revenue from a significant acquisition is recognised 
in profit or loss item ‘’Income from participating 
interests’’ and arises from a number of reasons, 
the main ones being the differences between the 
fair value of the net assets and the entity’s value in 
determining the transaction price (including various 
circumstances taken into account by investors in 
agreeing on the transaction price).
As a result of acquiring control of JSC Conexus Baltic 
Grid, the Company:
	has recognised losses of EUR 58,793 thousand.
EUR
Fair value of investment in associate 
(previous investment)
77 584 786
Book value of investment before 
acquisition of control
136 377 785
Loss as a result of gaining control
(58 792 999)
	recognised the reclassification from reserves to 
retained earnings of EUR 28,090 thousand, which 
is the change in the value of the investment in 
JSC Conexus Baltic Grid (as an associate) that was 
recognised in other comprehensive income in the 
period from 22 December 2017 to 21 July 2020.
The Company and the Group have incurred costs 
related to the acquisition of JSC Conexus Baltic Grid 
for the total amount of EUR 35 thousand; these costs 
are recognised in the Company’s and the Group’s 
profit or loss statement under “Other operating 
expenses”.
The consolidated financial results of the Group for 
2020 include the total net income of JSC Conexus 
Baltic Grid, the result of profit or loss since the 
acquisition of control (1 August 2020) is EUR 21,465 
thousand and EUR 4,144 thousand. According to the 
audited annual report of JSC Conexus Baltic Grid 
for 2020, the net income of JSC Conexus Baltic Grid 
for 2020 is EUR 53,867 thousand, profit EUR 13,112 
thousand.
JSC Latvijas elektriskie tīkli
Pursuant to the protocol decision of the sitting of 
the Cabinet of Ministers of the Republic of Latvia of 8 
October 2019 (No. 46, § 38) and the protocol decision 
of the sitting of 17 December 2019 (No. 59, § 75), on 10 
June 2020, the current JSC Latvenergo subsidiary, 
transmission system asset owner JSC Latvijas 
elektriskie tīkli was separated from the Latvenergo 
Group and was invested in JSC Augstsprieguma 
tīkls on 15 June 2020. According to the Register 
of Shareholders, as of 16 June 2020, the sole 
shareholder of LET is JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls (see 
also the section “Reform of the ownership rights of 
transmission system assets”).
Taking into account the fact that the investment 
of JSC Latvijas elektriskie tīkli shares in the share 
capital of JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls is a transaction 
involving two state capital companies, for accounting 
purposes in accordance with IFRS requirements 
it is considered a transaction between companies 
under joint control. Thus, applying the pooling 
of interest method, the carrying amounts of the 
acquired company (JSC Latvijas elektriskie tīkli) 
were accepted in the accounting of the acquiring 
company (JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls), recognising 
such assets and liabilities at the time of acquisition as 
disclosed in the table below.
EUR
Intangible assets
1 112
Fixed assets
626 814 386
Right-of-use assets
14 647 417
Inventories
60 074
Trade receivables
52 612 404
The rest of the receivables
22 825
Cash and its equivalents
132 046
Deferred revenue
178 036 368
Provisions for post-employment 
benefits and collective bargaining 
costs
39 262
Long-term loans
112 616 103
Short-term loans
112 858 380
Trade payables
43 728 687
Deferred revenue
5 950 564
Lease liabilities
14 796 608
226 264 293
According to the decision of the Enterprise Register 
of the Republic of Latvia of 25 November 2020, 
on 25 November 2020, JSC Latvijas elektriskie tīkli 
was excluded from the Register of Enterprises and 
was added to JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls. According 
to the reorganisation agreement entered into for 
accounting purposes, the date of the merger is 1 
October 2020.
80
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 153 ---
On 1 October 2020, JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls 
recognised in its balance sheet the net assets of 
JSC Latvijas elektriskie tīkli in the amount of EUR 
230.5 m, as well as recognised corporate income tax 
liabilities in the amount of EUR 1.3 m and excluded an 
investment in the amount of EUR 222.7 m. The result 
of the merger was recognised in equity, recognising 
the long-term investment revaluation reserve of 
28.7 m, a negative reorganisation reserve of 27.3 m 
and retained earnings of 5.2 million.
After the Reorganisation, in accordance with the 
provisions of Section 335, Paragraph four of the 
Commercial Law, JSC Latvijas elektriskie tīkli 
ceased to exist without a liquidation process; 
JSC Latvijas elektriskie tīkli (merged company) 
transferred all its property, rights and obligations to 
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls (acquiring company).
After the Reorganisation, the acquiring company will 
continue the commercial activities of the company 
to be merged.
26. REMUNERATION TO CERTIFIED AUDITORS COMMERCIAL 
COMPANY
Pursuant to the agreement on the audit of 
the annual report, consolidated report and 
sustainability report between JSC Augstsprieguma 
tīkls and SIA Deloitte Audits Latvia, the fee for the 
audit of JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls annual report, 
consolidated report and sustainability report of 
2021 is set at EUR 24,850 without VAT. In 2020, within 
the framework of the agreement, payment for audit 
services was made in the amount of EUR 11,183. In 
addition to the above, a payment of EUR 1,580 was 
made in 2020 for the final stage of the audit of the 
annual report, consolidated report and sustainability 
report for 2019.
JSC Augstsprieguma 
tīkls
2020. 
EUR
2019. 
EUR
Audit service
12 763
22 510
Consulting service
-
35 000
TOTAL REMUNERATION TO 
THE COMMERCIAL COMPANY 
OF SWORN AUDITORS
12 763
57 510
27. EVENTS AFTER THE END OF THE REPORTING YEAR
According to the audited annual report of 
JSC Conexus Baltic Grid for 2020, the profit of 
JSC Conexus Baltic Grid in 2020 is EUR 13,111,806. In 
accordance with the announcement of JSC Conexus 
Baltic Grid of 12 April 2021 on convening the regular 
shareholders’ meeting of JSC Conexus Baltic Grid 
in 2021, it is planned to pay dividends of EUR 2.14 per 
share from the profit of previous years. Considering 
the number of shares of JSC Conexus Baltic Grid 
owned by the Company, the Company will receive 
EUR 58,286 thousand. JSC Conexus Baltic Grid 
Shareholders’ Meeting was convened on 12 May 2021.
On 26 February 2021, JSC Conexus Baltic Grid 
entered into a loan agreement with Nordic 
Investment Bank in the amount of EUR 30 mln, with 
the payment term until 4 March 2038.
In 2021, restrictions related to the spread of the 
coronavirus will continue in the Republic of Latvia 
and many other countries, which will significantly 
reduce economic development in the country 
and in the world. It is not possible to foresee the 
situation’s development in the future, and thus 
there is uncertainty about economic development. 
The Group’s management continuously evaluates 
the situation; at the time of approval of the annual 
report the Group has not experienced any significant 
disruptions in business operations, no significant 
or potentially significant debt losses have been 
identified, the Group continues to cover liabilities 
in a timely manner. However, this conclusion is 
based on the information available at the time of 
preparation; due to changing circumstances, the 
impact on the Group’s operations may differ from 
the current assessment.
After the end of the reporting period, there were no 
other significant circumstances or events that could 
affect the future development of the Company and 
the Group.
81
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP AND ANNUAL REPORT OF JSC AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS FOR 2020

--- Page 157 ---
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS AS 
SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019

--- Page 158 ---
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS AS 
SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019 
Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards 
as adopted by the European Union

--- Page 159 ---
1 
 
 
 
CONTENTS 
 
 
Information about the Company 
2 
Main operational indicators 
3. - 4. 
Management report 
5. – 24. 
Statement of Board’s responsibility 
25.- 26. 
Separate Financial Statements: 
27. 
Profit or Loss Statement for 2019 
28. 
Statement of comprehensive income for 2019 
29. 
Statement of Financial Position on 31 December 2019 
30. – 31. 
Report of changes in equity in 2019 
32 
Cash flow report for 2019 
33. – 34. 
Notes to the financial statements 
35. – 66. 
Independent auditor's report 
67. - 70.

--- Page 160 ---
2 JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019 
 
INFORMATION 
ABOUT THE COMPANY 
 
 
Name of the Company 
JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls 
 
 
Legal status of the company 
Joint Stock Company 
 
 
Registration number, place and date 
000357556 
Riga, 28 December 2001 
Re-registration in the Commercial Register is performed 
On 13 November 2004 
under unified registration number 40003575567 
 
 
Principal activity 
Electricity supply, NACE code 35.12 
 
 
Address 
Dārzciema iela 86 
Riga, LV-1073, Latvia 
 
 
Shareholder 
From 2 January 2012: 
Ministry of Finance in the name of the Republic of Latvia (100%) 
Smilšu iela 1, Riga, LV-1050, Latvia 
 
 
Names, surnames and positions held of the board members 
Varis Broks - Chairman of the Management Board 
Arnis Staltmanis - Member of the Management Board 
Imants Zviedris - Member of the Management Board 
Gatis Junghāns - Member of the Management Board 
Mārcis Kauliņš - Member of the Management Board 
 
 
Names, surnames and positions held of Supervisory Board 
members 
Kaspars Āboliņš – Chairman of the Supervisory Board from 19.09.2019. 
Vilnis Krēsliņš - Chairman of the Supervisory Board until 22.03.2019. 
Olga Bogdanova – Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board from 
19.09.2019. 
Jurijs Spiridonovs – Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board until 
09.09.2019. 
Olga Bogdanova - Member of the Supervisory Board until 18.09.2019. 
Armands Eberhards – Member of the Supervisory Board from 02.01.2020. 
Madara Melne – Member of the Supervisory Board from 02.01.2020. 
Aigars Ģērmanis – Member of the Supervisory Board from 06.01.2020. 
 
 
Reporting year 
1 January 2019 – 31 December 2019 
Previous accounting year 
1 January 2018 – 31 December 2018 
 
 
Name and address of the auditor and the responsible certified 
auditor 
“Deloitte Audits Latvia” LTD 
Commercial Company of Certified Auditors Licence No. 43 
Unified registration number: 40003606960 
Grēdu iela 4a, Riga, LV-1019, Latvia 
 
Responsible certified auditor: Inguna Staša 
Certificate No. 145

--- Page 161 ---
JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019
3
 
MAIN OPERATIONAL INDICATORS 
 
NET TURNOVER, THOUS. EUR 
 
PROFIT, THOUS. EUR 
 
 
 
 
ASSETS, THOUS. EUR 
 
EQUITY, THOUS. EUR

--- Page 162 ---
4 JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019 
 
DIVIDENDS PAID FROM THE PROFIT 
OF THE PREVIOUS PERIOD, THOUS. EUR 
 NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES 
 
 
 
 
ELECTRICITY TRANSMITTED TO 
USERS, GWh 
 CAPITAL INVESTMENTS IN THE TRANSMISSION 
SYSTEM, 
THOUS. EUR 
 
KEY EVENTS IN 2019: 
○ 
The “Kurzeme Ring” project was completed; the 330 kV 
electricity transmission line “Ventspils – Tume – Imanta” 
was commissioned as a part of the project. 
○ 
On 22 May 2019, the agreement on the conditions of the 
future interconnection of the power systems of the Baltic 
States and power systems of continental Europe was 
signed. 
○ 
Received co-funding of the European Union in the amount 
of 75% of the eligible costs for the project “Synchronisation 
of the Baltic Power Systems with the Trans-European 
Network, Phase 1”. 
 
○ 
Protocol decisions of the Cabinet sittings of 8 October 2019 
and 17 December 2019 supported the implementation of the 
full ownership separation model regarding the electric power 
transmission system operator by incorporating JSC “Latvijas 
elektriskie tīkli” into JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” by 31 
December 2020.

--- Page 163 ---
JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019
5
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT 
REPORT

--- Page 164 ---
6 JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019 
 
TYPE AND CHARACTERISTIC 
OF ACTIVITY 
Joint-stock company “Augstsprieguma tīkls” (hereinafter – the 
Company) is the sole independent Transmission System 
Operator of the Republic of Latvia (hereinafter – TSO). 
 
 
 
 
THE OVERALL STRATEGIC GOAL OF THE 
COMPANY IS TO ENSURE THE SECURITY OF 
ENERGY SUPPLY OF LATVIA AND TO PROVIDE A 
CONTINUOUS, HIGH-QUALITY, AND 
AFFORDABLE ENERGY TRANSMISSION 
SERVICE; THE COMPANY’S GOAL IS ALSO TO 
IMPLEMENT SUSTAINABLE MANAGEMENT OF 
ENERGY SUPPLY ASSETS OF STRATEGIC 
IMPORTANCE TO THE COUNTRY AND TO 
FACILITATE THEIR INTEGRATION IN THE 
INTERNAL ENERGY MARKET OF THE 
EUROPEAN UNION. 
 
THE COMPANY’S ACTIVITY AS AN ELECTRICITY 
TRANSMISSION SYSTEM OPERATOR IS 
CHARACTERISED BY THREE DIRECTIONS: 
 
 
Provision of electricity transmission 
system services 
 
 
Maintaining and developing the 
electricity market 
 
 
 
 
 
Management, development and 
integration of the electricity 
transmission system into the European 
power system 
OUR MISSION IS TO ENSURE CONTINUOUS, 
SECURE, AND SUSTAINABLY EFFICIENT 
ELECTRICITY TRANSMISSION THROUGHOUT 
LATVIA. 
 
Considering the Company’s investment in its associate, the 
Latvian natural gas transmission and storage system operator 
JSC “Conexus Baltic Grid”, an important direction of the 
Company’s activity is the sustainable management of 
strategically important energy supply assets and their integration 
into the internal energy resource market of the European Union 
(hereinafter – EU).

--- Page 165 ---
JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019
7
 
QUALITY MANAGEMENT SYSTEM 
AND VALUES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Company has developed, implemented, and maintains the 
management system of the company in accordance with the 
requirements of ISO 9001:2015 (quality), ISO 14001:2015 
(environment), ISO 45001:2018 (OHSAS 18001:2007) 
(occupational safety), ISO 50001:2011 (energy management). 
The implemented Integrated Management System ensures 
efficient operation of the Company, observing internationally 
accepted 
 
Operating mechanisms regarding quality, energy management, 
environmental protection, and occupational and occupational 
health management, ensuring correct compliance with regulatory 
requirements, and promoting awareness of the Company's 
business context, taking into account the view of the Company's 
risks and processes. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A QUALITY POLICY HAS BEEN DEVELOPED IN THE COMPANY THAT, BASED ON THE ENERGY LAW, THE 
ELECTRICITY MARKET LAW, AND THE NETWORK CODE, DEFINES THE COMPANY'S CORE VALUES: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TRUST 
Honesty 
Independent, ethical and transparent action towards anyone 
and everyone 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
GROWTH 
Wisely 
Effective. Looking forward. Long-term thinking 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SAFETY 
Responsibly 
Deliberate action. With high responsibility towards work, 
people and nature 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TEAM 
Together 
We join forces to achieve more. Strong team that 
encourages and challenges

--- Page 166 ---
8 JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019 
 
CORPORATE 
AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY 
 
 
 
THE STRATEGIC DIRECTION OF THE COMPANY 
IS FOCUSED ON SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT. 
THE COMPANY PARTICIPATES IN THE ANNUAL 
“SUSTAINABILITY INDEX” MANAGED BY THE 
CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY AND 
SUSTAINABILITY INSTITUTE, AND IN 2019 THE 
COMPANY RECEIVED THE TOP PLATINUM 
AWARD (AS AN ASSESSMENT OF ITS WORK IN 
2018). AT THE SAME TIME, THE COMPANY 
RECEIVED THE TITLE “FAMILY-FRIENDLY 
MERCHANT” FROM THE MINISTRY OF WELFARE. 
 
The aim of the Company's Environmental Policy is to continuously 
improve the Company's environmental performance by eliminating 
or reducing its environmental impact through the rational use of 
natural resources and the implementation of the best available 
techniques in all areas of the Company's operations. 
The Company carries out systematic risk assessment 
(environmental review is performed every three years; the next 
one is scheduled in 2020, for 2017–2019), and environmental 
programmes are established to prevent significant risks. A register 
of environmental events is maintained. Key environmental 
pollution indicators are periodically controlled in accordance with 
the environment monitoring plan. The overall environmental risk is 
low. 
Increased attention is paid to energy efficiency issues. The Energy 
management policy of the Company is aimed at continuously 
improving the Company's energy performance by reducing 
technical and technological losses, improving the operational 
energy consumption of the Company's facilities, and improving the 
Company's vehicle purchasing and utilisation strategy. 
During the reporting year, corporate governance was further 
improved and Corporate governance guidelines were developed. 
Since 2017, in addition to the Company's financial statements, a 
non-financial report Sustainability report is prepared according to 
the Global sustainability reporting guidelines, the Core Approach 
that has been issued by the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI). 
Corporate and social responsibility policy has been developed 
and approved by the Company. Corporate and social 
responsibility (hereinafter - CSR) policy defines the forms, basic 
principles and directions of CSR, criteria for choosing activities.

--- Page 167 ---
JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019
9
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS 
ENVIRONMENT 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ELECTRICITY TRANSMISSION 
 
Electricity transmission is carried out by a transmission system 
operator through the transmission system which contains 
interconnected networks and equipment, including international 
connectors, with a voltage of 110 kilovolts or more that are used 
for transmission to the relevant distribution system or users. 
The activities of the electricity transmission system operator are 
regulated by the Public Utilities Commission (hereinafter - PUC) 
under the guidance of its Supervisory board. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
During the reporting period, the obligations imposed on the Transmission system operator were fulfilled through the following 
transmission network: 
 
Highest voltage (kV) 
Number of 
substations (pcs.) 
Number of autotransformers and 
transformers (pcs) 
Installed power (MVA) 
Overhead and cable 
ETL (km) 
 
330 kV 
17 
27 
4,075.0 
1,552.99 
 
110 kV 
123 
248 
5,263.7 
3,870.91. 
 
Total 
140 
275 
9,338.7 
5,423.90

--- Page 168 ---
10 JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019 
 
ELECTRICITY TRANSMISSION SYSTEM 
2019 is marked by stabilisation of the amount of electricity transmitted to the users of JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls”: after an increase of 
4% in 2018 (in comparison to 2017), in 2019 there are no significant changes in the amount of electricity transmitted to the users of JSC 
“Augstsprieguma tīkls”. 
 
 
 
330 kV substation 
110 kV substation 
power plant 
330 kV distribution point 
330 kV lines  
110 kV lines 
Electricity transmitted to AST users, GWh 
Electricity received by the network, GWh 
Transmission losses, technological consumption,

--- Page 169 ---
JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019
11
 
Latvia's total electricity consumption in 2019 was 6,012 GWh, a 
decrease by 1.5% compared to 2018. 
 
IN 2019, 84.7% OF LATVIA’S TOTAL 
ELECTRICITY CONSUMPTION WAS COVERED 
BY DOMESTIC ELECTRICITY SOURCES, WHICH 
IS A DECREASE BY 3.06 PERCENTAGE POINTS 
COMPARED TO 2018. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SUPPLYING NATIONAL CONSUMPTION WITH LOCAL GENERATION IN 2019, % 
 
 
 
JANUARY
FEBRUARY
MARCH
APRIL
MAY
JUNE
JULY
AUGUST
SEPTEMBER
OCTOBER
NOVEMBER
DECEMBER
 
 
 Coverage of national consumption using local generations (%) 
 On average during the last 12 months – 85% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Source: AST

--- Page 170 ---
12 JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019 
 
MAINTAINING AND DEVELOPING THE ELECTRICITY MARKET 
The legal basis for the operation of the electricity market in Latvia 
is the Electricity Market Law, which stipulates that the 
transmission system operator by performing its functions shall 
facilitate the functioning of the internal electricity market and 
cross-border trade, including supporting the development of the 
electricity stock exchange. 
In addition, the development of the electricity market in Latvia is 
facilitated by the European Commission Regulation resulting from 
Regulation (EC) No. 714/2009 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council on conditions for access to the network for cross-
border exchanges in electricity. 
 
Comparing the monthly electricity hour price between Latvia and 
Estonia, it can be concluded that the prices were equal 94% of the 
annual number of hours, while in 2018 the prices were equal 
74% of all the hours of the year. 
Comparing the monthly electricity hour price between Latvia and 
Lithuania, it can be concluded that in 2019 the prices were equal 
97% (98% in 2018) of all the hours of the year. 
Taking into account that the Baltic States are integrated into the 
common European electricity market, Latvia, like any other 
European country, is not able to significantly influence the 
wholesale market electricity prices, as prices are based on the 
principles of a free, transparent electricity market. 
Not only does the integration into the single European electricity 
market provide access to cheaper Nordic electricity, it also 
contributes to higher price volatility caused by weather conditions 
in other European countries. 
IN 2019, THE AVERAGE “NORD POOL” POWER 
EXCHANGE PRICE IN THE TRADING AREA OF 
LATVIA WAS EUR 46.28 PER MEGAWATT HOUR 
(EUR/MWh); IN COMPARISON TO 2018, THE 
PRICE DECREASED BY 7%. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AVERAGE ELSPOT ELECTRICITY PRICE IN THE BALTIC STATES AND ELSPOT ELECTRICITY 
PRICES OF THE NORDIC TRADING AREAS IN 2019, EUR/MWh 
 
JANUARY
FEBRUARY
MARCH
APRIL
MAY
JUNE
JULY
AUGUST
SEPTEMBER
OCTOBER
NOVEMBER
DECEMBER
 
Finland (FI) 
Sweden (SE4) 
Average Elspot price in the Baltic States

--- Page 171 ---
JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019
13
 
MAIN ACTIVITIES DURING THE REPORTING YEAR 
 
○ 
Implementation of the requirements of the Regulations for 
the development and integration of the European Union 
internal market of electricity (Network Codes) 
The Company, together with other TSOs of the European 
Union, actively participated in the implementation of four 
Regulations (Network Codes) aimed at the development 
and integration of the European Union internal electricity 
market: 
● Commission Regulation (EU) No. 2015/1222 establishing 
a Guideline on Capacity Allocation and Congestion 
Management; 
● Commission Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1719 establishing 
a guideline on forward capacity; 
● Commission Regulation (EU) No. 2017/2195 establishing 
a guideline on electricity balancing; 
● Commission Regulation (EU) No. 543/2013 on the 
submission and publication of data in electricity markets. 
These Network codes, which are aimed at market 
development and integration, allow the operation of cross-
border markets to be harmonised across all market activity 
periods, ensuring more efficient functioning of the electricity 
market and allowing all market participants to operate 
without restriction in the EU internal electricity market. 
In 2019, the Company, working within the common Baltic 
Capacity Calculation Region (the Baltic CCR) together with 
Baltic, Nordic, and Polish transmission system operators 
prepared several network code methodologies that ensure 
harmonious operation of the Baltic CCR TSO. 
The Latvian electricity market is directly integrated with the 
Baltic and Nordic countries, but the retail market is 
organised at a national level. 
 
○ 
Project for the development of a single European platform 
for day-to-day electricity trading - XBID 
Continuing integration into the operation of the common 
European internal electricity market, the Company, 
according to the requirements of Commission Regulation 
(EU) 2015/1222 and on the basis of the joint cooperation of 
European Union Transmission System Operators and 
Nominal Electricity Market Operators (NEMO), was 
involved in the development and implementation of the 
common European Platform of Cross-Border Intraday 
(XBID). 
The XBID platform provides internal electricity market 
participants in Latvia and also throughout all of Europe to 
trade across Europe. 
Over the course of 2019, 7 more European Union countries 
joined the XBID platform; as a result, more market 
opportunities arose for Latvian and Baltic market 
participants as well. 
In 2019, Baltic transmission system operators in 
cooperation with nominated electricity market operators 
operating or planning to start their operations in the Baltic 
States launched a joint project, which should ensure the 
creation of a common system for more than one nominated 
electricity market operator’s operations in one trading area.

--- Page 172 ---
14 JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019 
 
 
○ 
Joint and harmonised Baltic electricity system balancing 
market 
Continuing the work started in 2014, in 2015 the Baltic 
TSOs developed a joint project on a unified and 
harmonised Baltic balancing market and imbalance 
settlement system with the possible integration of the 
Baltic balancing system with the Nordic balancing 
system. 
During the implementation of the project, the TSOs of 
the Baltic States have achieved remarkable results – a 
single harmonised Baltic balancing market and joint 
Baltic balance control model have been created, which 
began their operations de facto on 1 January 2018. 
In order to ensure efficient operation of the Baltic 
balancing market and balance control, the Baltic TSOs 
developed and implemented a common Baltic balancing 
IT solution. 
The benefits in 2018 and 2019 of the Baltic balancing 
market and the joint balance control model include a 
reduction in balancing costs for the market participants 
and a significant reduction in Russia's balancing bill, 
due to a number of factors, such as: decrease in total 
Baltic imbalance amount, more active balancing 
activities (more frequent activation of balancing energy), 
possibility to provide a single balancing price across all 
Baltic payment areas, diversified balancing energy 
offers from Baltic market participants, Nordic countries, 
and Poland. 
 
○ 
The European balancing electricity exchange 
platform project MARI 
In 2017, 19 European TSOs launched a joint 
project to establish cooperation in the field of 
manual frequency restoration reserves (mFRR) 
exchange. It aims to develop a single 
European mFRR trading platform (MARI) that 
meets the requirements of Commission 
Regulation (EU) 2017/2195 that establishes 
guidelines for balancing electricity. 
In 2018, JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” became a 
full participant in the MARI platform 
development project and is now participating in 
the development of the single European 
platform, as well as together with other Baltic 
transmission system operators planning the 
necessary changes to the Baltic balancing 
cooperation model for work with the European 
mFRR trading platform. The MARI platform is 
expected to become operational in 2022.

--- Page 173 ---
JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019
15
 
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE 
AND FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT 
 
 
 
 
 
During the reporting period the Company's revenue was EUR 
184 742 077, including the revenue from electricity transmission 
network services of EUR 72 787 419, which was 39% of the 
Company's revenue. A significant share (46%) of the total revenue 
of the Company in 2019 was generated by revenue from the 
reconstruction of the transmission assets and construction works 
of JSC “Latvijas elektriskais tīkls”. The Profit of the Company in 
the reporting period was EUR 7 066 974. 
When evaluating the Company's financial performance indicators, 
operating results, it should be taken into account that according to 
Article 5 of the Energy Law, electricity transmission is a regulated 
sector; PUC determines the allowed profit of the Company, 
determining the rate of return on capital, approving tariffs for 
electricity transmission system services. 
 
The Company's profitability from the provision of electricity 
transmission services in 2019 is appropriate to the one set in the 
Electricity transmission system services tariff methodology. 
Given the above and that the Company is a natural monopoly, 
its profitability ratios are not comparable to those of the industry. 
In view of the TSO unbundling model implemented in Latvia - the 
establishment of an independent transmission system operator - 
the Company's profitability and other financial ratios are not 
comparable with other TSOs in the neighbouring countries or 
Europe, which in most cases own transmission assets.

--- Page 174 ---
16 JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019 
 
FINANCIAL AND OPERATIONAL INDICATORS 
 
 
2019 
2018 
2017 
Financial indicators 
 
 
 
 
Revenue, thous. EUR 
 
184 742 
193 866 
158 862 
EBITDA*, thous. EUR 
 
40 515 
1 642 
1 843 
Profit, thous. EUR 
 
7 067 
4 677 
309 
Total amount of assets, thous. EUR 
 
221 934 
193 000 
188 722 
Equity, thous. EUR 
 
69 956 
70 344 
8 499 
Financial ratios 
 
 
 
 
Liquidity total ratio 
 
1.1. 
3.8 
1.3 
EBITDA Profitability 
 
22.0% 
0.8% 
1.2% 
Return on Equity (ROE) 
 
10.1% 
6.6% 
3.6% 
Operational indicators 
 
 
 
 
Electricity transmitted to users in Latvia, GWh 
 
6 012 
6 051 
5 807 
Average number of employees 
 
552 
548 
539 
EBITDA - earnings before financial income, income from 
participating interests, corporate income tax, depreciation, and 
amortisation. 
The procedure for the determination and calculation of wages and 
salaries is regulated by the Company's internal normative acts in 
accordance with the requirements of the Republic of Latvia 
legislation. 
 
The increase in 2019 is related to the implementation of IFRS 16 
“Leases” and the recognition of leases as amortisation of right-of-
use assets. 
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT 
The Company's activities are primarily related to the performance 
of the duties of the transmission system operator, ensuring the 
coordinated operation of the transmission system and the 
producers and users (including distribution system operators) 
whose electrical installations are connected to the transmission 
system, thus the Company's financial risk management is 
implemented with the aim of ensuring the continuity of the 
technological process. The Financial risk management of the 
Company is implemented in accordance with the Financial risk 
management policy that is accepted by the Company's 
management and the dependent Financial risk management 
regulations. 
The Company's economic activities are exposed to several 
financial risks such as turnover, cost and cash flow risks. 
The management of financial resources in the Company is 
focused on ensuring the financing of its business activities and 
financial stability by implementing conservative financial risk 
management. 
The Company's turnover risks are managed in accordance with 
the established strategic and operational risk prevention 
measures, ensuring constant monitoring of the service tariffs 
against the costs related to the provision of services. 
 
The Company complies with prudential liquidity risk 
management, ensuring that appropriate financial resources are 
available to it for the settlement of liabilities within the set time 
periods. 
Financial means that potentially expose the Company to a certain 
degree of risk concentration are mostly cash and trade 
receivables. Although the Company has a significant 
concentration of risk with respect to one counterparty or a group 
of similar counterparties, this risk is considered to be limited, 
considering that the most important Cooperation partner is the 
state-owned commercial company JSC “Latvenergo”, as well as 
its group companies. Trade receivables are presented according 
to the recoverable value. 
In cooperation with banks and financial institutions, such 
business partners are accepted, whose credit rating or credit 
rating of the parent bank set by an international credit rating 
agency is at least at the investment grade level. 
The management of the Company expects that it will not have 
liquidity problems and that the Company will be able to settle 
accounts with creditors within the set terms. The Company's 
management believes that the Company will have sufficient 
financial resources to ensure its liquidity is not compromised.

--- Page 175 ---
JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019
17
 
ELECTRICITY TRANSMISSION SYSTEM 
SERVICES TARIFF 
 
 
 
 
 
The electricity transmission services tariffs are determined in 
accordance with the “Methodology for calculating tariffs for 
electricity transmission system services” approved by the PUC. 
In 2019 transmission system services were provided at tariffs that 
were approved by the decision of the PUC Council on 
4 April 2017. 
As one of its priority objectives the Company has set the 
implementation of measures to reduce the increase of electricity 
transmission system service tariffs. In order to achieve the 
pursued objective, the Company actively attracts co-financing 
from the European Union to finance its capital investments. 
Currently, the EU co-financing is attracted to 4 projects. In 
addition, in order to minimise the impact on the transmission 
tariffs, the Company redistributes the accumulated overload 
charge revenue to finance the capital investments. 
 
In 2019, in cooperation with the international audit company SIA 
“Ernst & Young Baltic”, an assessment of cost optimisation 
possibilities was performed, and a short-term and medium-term 
action plan was developed. 
In 2020 it is planned to continue the improvement of the efficiency 
of the Company's business operations that has been started 
in 2017, and also cost optimisation. 
 
 
 
AS A RESULT OF THE COMPANY'S ACTIVITIES, 
80% OF THE FINANCING REQUIRED FOR THE 
IMPLEMENTATION OF THE DEVELOPMENT 
PROJECTS INCLUDED IN THE EUROPEAN TEN-
YEAR DEVELOPMENT PLAN IS COVERED BY THE 
EU CO-FINANCING AND OVERLOAD CHARGE 
REVENUES, THUS REDUCING THE IMPACT ON 
ELECTRICITY TRANSMISSION SYSTEM SERVICE 
TARIFFS.

--- Page 176 ---
18 JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019 
 
 
FURTHER DEVELOPMENT 
 
 
 
 
THE COMPANY FOCUSES ON SUSTAINABLE 
GROWTH IN ORDER TO IMPROVE THE SERVICES 
PROVIDED TO THE LATVIAN AND BALTIC 
ELECTRICITY MARKET PARTICIPANTS. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
THE STRATEGIC DIRECTION OF THE COMPANY IS FOCUSED ON: 
STRENGTHENING OF 
THE ENERGY 
SECURITY BY 
SYNCHRONISING 
WITH THE NETWORK 
OF CONTINENTAL 
EUROPE
IMPROVING 
OPERATIONAL 
EFFICIENCY BY 
PROVIDING A 
QUALITY 
TRANSMISSION 
SERVICE AT A 
MINIMUM TARIFF 
SAFE SYSTEM 
OPERATION AND 
QUALITY 
ELECTRICITY 
TRANSMISSION TO 
CUSTOMER 
ENSURING THE 
EFFICIENCY OF THE 
ELECTRICITY 
MARKET THROUGH 
INTEGRATION INTO 
THE EUROPEAN 
INTERNAL ENERGY 
MARKET

--- Page 177 ---
JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019
19
 
DEVELOPMENT OF THE ELECTRICITY TRANSMISSION SYSTEM 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
With the decision of the PUC Council No. 149 of 
19 September 2019, “On Electricity transmission system 
development plan”, the Company's electricity transmission system 
development plan for the period from 2020 to 2029 (hereinafter – 
Development plan) was approved. 
 
INVESTMENTS ENVISAGED IN THE 
DEVELOPMENT PLAN, MILLION EUR 
 
 
 
 
THE DEVELOPMENT PLAN DETERMINES THE 
DEVELOPMENT OF THE TRANSMISSION SYSTEM 
AND THE NECESSARY FINANCIAL INVESTMENTS 
IN THE TRANSMISSION INFRASTRUCTURE FOR 
THE NEXT TEN YEARS, ALLOCATING AN 
INVESTMENT OF EUR 413 MILLION FOR THE 
DEVELOPMENT OF THE ELECTRICITY 
TRANSMISSION SYSTEM. 
 
 
 
In order to minimise the impact of planned capital investments on 
the electricity transmission tariffs, the Company has successfully 
attracted EU co-financing for the projects included in the 
Development Plan, that have joint interests with Europe, including: 
○ 
330 kV EPL connection “Kurzeme Ring” Step 3: 330 kV 
electricity transmission line “Ventspils – Tume – Imanta” 
(hereinafter also – Kurzeme Ring) – attracted EU co-
financing of up to 45% of the eligible costs, or EUR 55 089 
thousand. 
○ 
Third 330 kV interconnection Estonia – Latvia – attracted EU 
co-financing of up to 65% of eligible costs, or EUR 63 380 
thousand. 
○ 
330 kV power transmission line “Riga CHP2 – Riga HPP” – 
attracted EU co-financing up to 50% of eligible costs, or EUR 
9 990 thousand. 
○ 
The Project “Synchronisation of the Baltic Power Systems 
with the Trans-European Network, Phase 1” – attracted EU 
co-financing of up to 75% of eligible costs, or EUR 57 750 
thousand. 
Within the framework of the development plan, it is planned to 
rebuild an average of 3 switchyards per year, to replace 
4 autotransformers during the planning period, to replace an 
average of 7 transformers per year, to gradually increase the level 
of capital investments in electricity transmission lines. 
 
 
◼ Substations 
◼ Replacements of autotransformers and 
transformers 
◼ Cable lines 
◼ Overhead lines 
◼ Other measures 
◼ Phase 1 of synchronisation 
◼ 3rd. EE-LV 
◼ Riga CHP-Riga HPP 
◼ Phase 2 of synchronisation 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AS A RESULT OF THE IMPLEMENTATION OF THE 
DEVELOPMENT PLAN, IN THE LONG TERM IT IS 
PLANNED TO REDUCE THE AMOUNT OF 
EQUIPMENT EXCEEDING THE CRITICAL AGE 
LIMIT VALUES.

--- Page 178 ---
20 JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019 
 
PROGRESS IN 2019 AND KEY DEVELOPMENT EVENTS 
IN THE YEARS TO COME 
The electricity transmission network is being developed in 
accordance with the Latvian electricity transmission system 
development plan and the European transmission system ten 
year development plan. The European ten year development 
plan includes those Latvian development projects which are of 
strategic importance, not only nationally but also in the Baltic Sea 
region as a whole. 
 
 
 
DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS INCLUDED IN THE EUROPEAN TEN-YEAR DEVELOPMENT PLAN 
○ 
330 kV ETL connection “Kurzeme Ring” Step 3: 330 kV 
electricity transmission line “Ventspils – Tume – Imanta” 
Within the framework of the project, it is planned to 
reconstruct the existing 110 kV overhead electricity 
transmission lines to 330 kV lines from Ventspils to Imanta 
(in Riga), as well as to expand the existing 330 kV 
substation “Imanta” and to construct a new 330 kV 
switchyard at “Tume” substation. The reconstruction of 
110 kV switchyards at the substations “Dundaga”, “Talsi”, 
“Valdemārpils”, “Kandava”, “Priedaine” is also planned. 
 
 
○ 
Latvia – Estonia third interconnection 
The project includes the construction of a new 330 kV 
electricity transmission line of 180 km that will connect the 
“Riga CHP-2” substation in Latvia and the “Kilingi – Nomme” 
substation in Estonia, as well as the expansion of the Riga 
CHP-2 substation by installing shunt reactor systems for 
reactive power compensation. 
In 2019, active construction of the new electricity 
transmission line took place in practically all sections from 
the Latvian-Estonian border to the substation “Riga CHP-2”; 
by the end of the year, 60% of the pylon foundations 
envisaged in the project were built, 30% of the pylons were 
assembled and raised, and 20% of the new line wires were 
assembled. The expansion of the “Riga CHP-2” substation 
has also been started, including the supply of a 120 MVA 
shunt reactor. In 2020, it is planned to continue active 
construction of the line; it should be completed and 
commissioned in the middle of 2021. 
2019 SAW THE COMPLETION OF ALL WORKS 
RELATED TO THE IMPLEMENTATION OF THIS 
CAPITAL INVESTMENT PROJECT AND THE 
COMMISSION OF ALL OBJECTS.

--- Page 179 ---
JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019
21
 
○ 
Construction of a new power transmission line “Riga CHP-
2 – Riga HPP” 
The project envisages the construction of a new 330 kV 
overhead/cable electricity transmission line (indicative line 
length – 15 km), the extension of the 330 kV switchgear of 
the “Riga CHP-2” substation, as well as the reconstruction of 
the substation “Riga HPP”, using the existing equipment and 
solutions. 
In 2019, the construction of the line “Riga CHP-2 – Riga 
HPP”, as well as the reconstruction of 330 kV switchgear of 
substation “Riga HPP” and the extension of 330 kV 
switchgear of substation “Riga CHP-2”, were started. All the 
construction works of the project are planned to be 
completed by the end of 2020. 
○ 
Increasing the capacity of the 330 kV electricity transmission 
line “Tartu (EE) – Valmiera (LV)” and the 330 kV electricity 
transmission line “Tsirgulina (EE) – Valmiera (LV)” between 
Latvia and Estonia within the framework of Phase 1 of the 
Baltic States’ synchronisation project with continental 
Europe. 
The project envisages the complete replacement of both 
existing 330 kV lines with new increased capacity electricity 
transmission lines. The total length of both lines in the 
territory of Latvia is 100 km. 
In 2019, preparations for the start of construction 
procurement have been made regarding both 330 kV line 
reconstruction projects. In 2020, it is planned to carry out the 
research required by the technical terms of the Valmiera 
Regional Environmental Board of the State Environmental 
Service, to hold public discussions of the project in 
municipalities where the project is going to be implemented, 
as well as to prepare and announce the procurement for the 
construction design and construction of the reconstruction of 
the line. 
The implementation of the project is planned immediately 
after the implementation of the project “Third Interconnection 
of Latvia – Estonia”. 
○ 
Purchase and installation of system synchronisation and 
power system inertia provision equipment within the 
framework of Phase 1 of the Baltic States’ synchronisation 
project with continental Europe. 
The project envisages the installation of one 200 MVA 
synchronous condenser for the Latvian energy system to 
provide its inertia after the synchronisation of the Baltic 
States’ system with continental Europe’s. In 2019, the 
procurement procedure for the receipt of consulting services 
was announced, for which a corresponding contract was 
concluded in 2020. In 2020, it is planned to prepare the 
necessary documentation for the selection of the supplier of 
the synchronous condenser, as well as the contractor for the 
construction and assembly work. 
 
ALL THE ABOVE PROJECTS ARE INCLUDED IN 
THE LIST OF EUROPEAN PROJECTS OF 
COMMON INTEREST (PCI) AND HAVE BEEN 
GRANTED CO-FINANCING FROM THE EUROPEAN 
UNION – EUROPEAN CO-FINANCING FOR 
INCREASING THE TRANSMISSION CAPACITY OF 
THE 330 KV ELECTRICITY TRANSMISSION LINES 
“TARTU (EE) – VALMIERA (LV)” AND “TSIRGULINA 
(EE) – VALMIERA (LV)”; CO-FINANCING FOR THE 
PURCHASING AND INSTALLATION OF SYSTEM 
SYNCHRONISATION AND POWER SYSTEM 
INERTIA EQUIPMENT WAS ALSO GRANTED IN 
2019, AND FOR THE CONSTRUCTION OF THE 
ELECTICITY TRANSMISSION LINE “RIGA CHP-2 – 
RIGA HPP” IN 2017, WHEREAS FOR THE 
PROJECTS “CONSTRUCTION OF THE THIRD 
PHASE OF KURZEME RING” AND 
“CONSTRUCTION OF LATVIA-ESTONIA THIRD 
INTERCONNECTION”, EUROPEAN CO-FINANCING 
FROM THE CONNECTING EUROPE FACILITY 
WAS GRANTED IN NOVEMBER 2014. 
 
Also in 2019, the preparation of the necessary documentation for 
receiving the European Union’s co-financing from Connecting 
Europe Facility for the implementation of Stage 2 projects of the 
Synchronisation of the Baltic States with continental Europe was 
started. A decision on co-financing is expected at the end of 
2020. 
Electricity transmission system sustainability projects The 
prepared electricity transmission system development plan of 
Latvia for the next ten years envisages a number of measures to 
improve the electricity transmission infrastructure - reconstruction 
of existing 330 kV and 110 kV substations, improvement of 
electricity transmission lines, replacement of transformers, etc. 
Access of third parties to the electricity transmission 
network Taking into account the principles of operation of the 
electricity market of Latvia, JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” will 
continue to provide non-discriminatory access to the electricity 
transmission system for both electricity producers and 
transmission system users in accordance with the principles of 
fairness, transparency, and equality, both by constructing new 
and renovating existing connections.

--- Page 180 ---
22 JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019 
 
SYSTEM MANAGEMENT AND ELECTRICITY MARKET DEVELOPMENT 
Carrying out the policy of the European Union regarding the 
single electricity market, JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” continues to 
actively participate in the activities of integration of the internal 
electricity market of the European Union, both within the 
European Union and in the Baltic region. 
 
The main challenges for the upcoming years will be related to the 
synchronisation of the Baltic States with continental Europe. 
On 28 June 2018, the Prime Ministers of the Baltic States and the 
President of the European Commission signed a synchronisation 
road map with recommended further steps for synchronisation 
with continental Europe and de-synchronisation with the unified 
power system of Russia. 
On 14 September 2018, the European Commission supported the 
synchronisation of the Baltic States at the political level and 
recommended the initiation of the Baltic States’ synchronisation 
procedure with continental Europe. 
On 23 January 2019, the CEF Steering Committee approved 
Phase 1 of the Baltic synchronisation application and decided to 
grant co-financing of 75% to the projects included in the 
application. 
OVER THE COMING YEARS IT IS PLANNED TO 
CONTINUE WORKING ON THE DEVELOPMENT 
AND IMPROVEMENT OF THE SINGLE EUROPEAN 
DAY-AHEAD AND INTRADAY MARKET. IT WILL 
INCLUDE NEW OPPORTUNITIES FOR 
PARTICIPANTS OF THE EU INTERNAL MARKET 
FOR ELECTRICITY, INCLUDING THE 
PARTICIPANTS OF THE LATVIAN AND BALTIC 
MARKETS. 
 
Currently, several projects are being launched; upon their 
implementation market participants will have the opportunity to 
participate in the day-ahead and intraday market with 
15 minutes’ time resolution and work with energy and 
transmission power inclusive products, similar to the current day-
ahead market. 
It is also planned to continue working on the establishment of the 
single European mFRR market platform and on the accession of 
the Baltic TSO to it, which will allow the Baltic balancing service 
providers to participate in the pan-European reserve market. 
To join the platform, a number of changes will have to be made 
to the operation of the pan-Baltic balancing model, the most 
important of which is to ensure the transition to the 15-minute 
balancing market period, which will allow electricity market 
participants to plan their operations more accurately and control 
system imbalances more effectively. 
 
 
ON 22 MAY 2019 JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” 
SIGNED AN AGREEMENT ON THE CONDITIONS 
OF THE FUTURE INTERCONNECTION OF POWER 
SYSTEMS OF BALTIC STATES AND POWER 
SYSTEM OF CONTINENTAL EUROPE . 
 
Synchronisation of the Baltic States with Continental Europe is 
expected by 2025. 
Synchronisation will result in the electricity transmission systems 
of Baltic states becoming the part of the European system, 
meaning significant independence from Russia and a more 
reliable electricity supply. 
TRANSMISSION AND STORAGE OF NATURAL GAS 
Following the decisions of the Cabinet of Ministers of 
5 December and 19 December 2017, in 2017 the Company 
acquired 34.36% shares of the Latvian natural gas transmission 
and storage system operator JSC “Conexus Baltic Grid”. The 
investment of the Company is managed in accordance with the 
Corporate Governance Guidelines. The acquisition of 
participation in JSC “Conexus Baltic Grid” will not affect the tariffs 
of electricity transmission system services.

--- Page 181 ---
JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019
23
 
CIRCUMSTANCES AND EVENTS 
AFTER THE END OF THE REPORTING YEAR 
 
 
 
 
 
According to JSC “Conexus Baltic Grid” annual report of 2019, 
the profit of JSC “Conexus Baltic Grid” for 2019 is EUR 
17 945 thousand. thousand. On 30 April 2020, the shareholders' 
meeting of JSC “Conexus Baltic Grid” decided to pay out a 
dividend of EUR 0.41 per share for the year 2019. Considering 
the number of shares of JSC “Conexus Baltic Grid” owned by the 
Company, the Company will receive EUR 5 605 thousand in 
dividends. thousand. 
Paragraph No. 38 of the protocol decision No. 46 of the Cabinet 
session of 8 October 2019 supported the implementation of the 
full ownership separation model regarding the electric power 
transmission system operator and assigned the task of 
contributing the JSC “Latvijas elektriskie tīkli” shares owned by 
the State to JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” by 1 July 2020. 
In its turn, paragraph No. 75 of the protocol decision No. 59 of 
the Cabinet session of 17 December 2019 stipulated that after 
the contribution of the JSC “Latvijas elektriskie tīkli” shares 
owned by the State to JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls”, 
reorganisation of JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” and JSC “Latvijas 
elektriskie tīkli”, LET should take place by incorporating JSC 
“Latvijas elektriskie tīkli” into JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” by 
31 December 2020. 
After the end of the financial year, in March 2020, restrictions 
related to the spread of the coronavirus were introduced in the 
Republic of Latvia and many other countries, which significantly 
limits economic growth in the country and in the world. It is not 
possible to predict how the situation will develop in the future, 
and therefore there is uncertainty about economic development. 
The Company’s management continuously evaluates the 
situation, and at the time of the approval of the annual report the 
Company has not encountered significant disruptions in its 
business operations, no significant or potentially significant debt 
losses have been identified, and the Company continues to settle 
liabilities in a timely manner. However, this conclusion is based 
on the information available at the time of the preparation of the 
document; as influencing circumstances change, the impact on 
the Company’s operations may differ from the current 
assessment. 
 
In order to improve the balance and loss calculation processes 
for electricity market participants, providing the possibility to 
calculate the balance for the previous trading period within 15 
minutes, eliminate electricity accounting risks and to automate 
the non-compliance identification, the Company implements 
Automated Electricity Data Accounting System (AEUS system) 
renewal and replacement project for all energy-meters. 
At the end of the reporting year a substandard data collection 
from the electricity metering device located on the 110 kV 
transformer medium voltage output and counting the electricity 
transmitted to the company JSC “Sadales tīkls” was detected at 
the substation “Mārupe”, thanks to the introduction of the new 
AEUS system. The operation of the electricity metering device 
was correct, but the transfer of data was inappropriate, reducing 
the accounted amount of electricity transmitted to the JSC 
“Sadales tīkls” by 25 GWh, the estimated monetary impact was 
EUR 1,273,463. 
No damage has been caused to any third party as a result of this 
case. In 2020, in cooperation with JSC "Sadales tīkls", it is 
planned to evaluate the circumstances of the event and to agree 
on further actions. The impact on the Company depends on the 
agreement and on the solutions reached. 
At the end of the reporting period, there were no other significant 
circumstances or events that could affect the future development 
of the Company.

--- Page 182 ---
24 JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019 
 
PROPOSED DISTRIBUTION 
OF THE PROFIT 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Management of the Company, fulfilling Section 28 of the 
Law on the Management of Public Shareholdings and 
Corporations, in compliance with Article 36 of the Law “On the 
State Budget for 2020”, proposes to pay out EUR 1 735 958 
(including corporate income tax) to the State in dividends. 
 
The profit distribution for 2019 is decided by the shareholders’ 
meeting of JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls”. 
 
 
 
 
 
/Signature/ 
 
/Signature/ 
 
/Signature/ 
Varis Boks, 
Chairman of the Board 
 
Arnis Staltmanis, 
Member of the Board 
 
Imants Zviedris, 
Member of the Board 
 
 
 
 
 
/Signature/ 
 
/Signature/ 
 
/Signature/ 
Gatis Junghāns, 
Member of the Board 
 
Mārcis Kauliņš, 
Member of the Board 
 
Māra Grava, 
Head of the Finance and 
Accounting Department 
 
 
 
 
 
Riga, 15 May, 2020

--- Page 183 ---
JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019
25
 
 
 
STATEMENT OF 
THE BOARD’S 
RESPONSIBILITY

--- Page 184 ---
26 JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019 
 
STATEMENT 
OF THE BOARD’S RESPONSIBILITY 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Board of the Company is responsible for preparing the 
financial statements. 
The separate financial statements are prepared on the basis of 
accounting records and source documents and present fairly the 
financial position of the Company as of 31 December 2019, 
results of operations and cash flows for the year 2019. 
 
The Board confirms that the separate financial statements included 
on pages 27 to 66 for the year ended on 31 December 2019 were 
prepared using appropriate accounting policies that have been 
consistently applied and that the Board has provided reasonable 
and prudent conclusions and estimates. The Board also confirms 
that the financial statements have been prepared in accordance 
with the relevant International Financial Reporting Standards as 
adopted by the European Union. The Financial statements are 
prepared on the principles of the continuation of activities. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
/Signature/ 
 
/Signature/ 
 
/Signature/ 
Varis Boks, 
Chairman of the Board 
 
Arnis Staltmanis, 
Member of the Board 
 
Imants Zviedris, 
Member of the Board 
 
 
 
 
 
/Signature/ 
 
/Signature/ 
 
/Signature/ 
Gatis Junghāns, 
Member of the Board 
 
Mārcis Kauliņš, 
Member of the Board 
 
Māra Grava, 
Head of the Finance and 
Accounting Department 
 
 
 
 
 
Riga, 15 May, 2020

--- Page 185 ---
JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019
27
 
 
 
FINANCIAL 
STATEMENT

--- Page 186 ---
28 JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019 
 
SEPARATE PROFIT OR LOSS STATEMENT FOR 2019 
 
 
2019 
EUR 
2018 
EUR 
Revenue 
3 
184 742 077 
193 866 482 
Other income from business activities 
4 
251 390 
120 002 
Raw materials consumed, repair costs 
5 
(28 640 577) 
(29 866 634) 
Staff costs 
6 
(16 230 471) 
(15 666 872) 
Depreciation and amortisation 
2,5,9 
(36 002 386) 
(1 416 505) 
Other business costs 
7 
(99 607 516) 
(146 810 928) 
Income from investments 
10 
4 193 864 
4 852 507 
Financial income 
8 
44 224 
19 620 
Interest expenses 
8 
(1 682 295) 
- 
Finance costs 
8 
(1 336) 
(420 554) 
Profit before tax 
 
7 066 974 
4 677 118 
Corporate income tax 
 
- 
- 
Profit for the reporting year 
 
7 066 974 
4 677 118 
Annexes from page 35 to 66 are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
/Signature/ 
 
/Signature/ 
 
/Signature/ 
Varis Boks, 
Chairman of the Board 
 
Arnis Staltmanis, 
Member of the Board 
 
Imants Zviedris, 
Member of the Board 
 
 
 
 
 
/Signature/ 
 
/Signature/ 
 
/Signature/ 
Gatis Junghāns, 
Member of the Board 
 
Mārcis Kauliņš, 
Member of the Board 
 
Māra Grava, 
Head of the Finance and 
Accounting Department 
 
 
 
 
 
Riga, 15 May, 2020

--- Page 187 ---
JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019
29
 
SEPARATE STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR 2019 
 
2019 
EUR 
2018 
EUR 
Profit for the reporting year 
7 066 974 
4 677 118 
Other income: 
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss: 
 
 
Actuarial gains/losses 
259 393 
19 920 
Other income for the 
reporting year 
259 393 
19 920 
Total comprehensive income attributable to owners of the company 
7 326 367 
4 697 038 
Annexes from page 35 to 66 are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
/Signature/ 
 
/Signature/ 
 
/Signature/ 
Varis Boks, 
Chairman of the Board 
 
Arnis Staltmanis, 
Member of the Board 
 
Imants Zviedris, 
Member of the Board 
 
 
 
 
 
/Signature/ 
 
/Signature/ 
 
/Signature/ 
Gatis Junghāns, 
Member of the Board 
 
Mārcis Kauliņš, 
Member of the Board 
 
Māra Grava, 
Head of the Finance and 
Accounting Department 
 
 
 
 
 
Riga, 15 May, 2020

--- Page 188 ---
30 JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019 
 
SEPARATE STATEMENT OF THE FINANCIAL POSITION ON 31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
Annex 
31.12.2019 
EUR 
31.12.2018 
EUR 
ASSETS 
 
 
 
Long-term investments 
 
 
 
Intangible investments 
9 
50 413 419 
4 650 393 
Fixed assets 
9 
5 491 202 
4 318 933 
Right to use assets 
2.5 
35 920 323 
- 
Other long-term financial investments 
10 
1 902 887 
1 902 888 
Investments in associated companies 
10 
57 394 971 
57 394 971 
Total long-term investments 
 
151 122 802 
68 267 185 
Current assets 
 
 
 
Stock 
11 
480 112 
491 767 
Accounts receivable 
 
 
 
Net Trade receivables 
12 
7 966 220 
1 601 681 
Deposits 
14 
20,000,000 
50 000 000 
Other debtors 
14 
22 722 
54 646 
Corporate income tax 
14 
11 512 
11 512 
Deferred expenses 
 
337 584 
341 905 
Accrued revenue 
15 
13 777 092 
15 593 970 
Total accounts receivable 
 
42 115 130 
67 603 714 
Cash 
16 
28 216 327 
56 636 900 
Total current assets 
 
70 811 569 
124 732 381 
SUM TOTAL OF ASSETS 
 
221 934 371 
192 999 566 
Annexes from page 35 to 66 are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
/Signature/ 
 
/Signature/ 
 
/Signature/ 
Varis Boks, 
Chairman of the Board 
 
Arnis Staltmanis, 
Member of the Board 
 
Imants Zviedris, 
Member of the Board 
 
 
 
 
 
/Signature/ 
 
/Signature/ 
 
/Signature/ 
Gatis Junghāns, 
Member of the Board 
 
Mārcis Kauliņš, 
Member of the Board 
 
Māra Grava, 
Head of the Finance and 
Accounting Department 
 
 
 
 
 
Riga, 15 May, 2020

--- Page 189 ---
JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019
31
 
SEPARATE STATEMENT OF THE FINANCIAL POSITION ON 31 DECEMBER 2019 
(CONTINUED) 
 
Annex 
31.12.2019 
EUR 
31.12.2018 
EUR 
LIABILITIES 
 
 
 
Equity 
 
 
 
Share capital 
17 
64 218 079 
63 139 313 
Reserves 
 
2 786 621 
2 527 228 
Retained earnings (accumulated losses) 
 
(4 115 963) 
- 
Profit/(loss) for the reporting year 
 
7 066 974 
4 677 118 
Total equity 
 
69 955 711 
70 343 659 
Long-term creditors 
 
 
 
Employee benefit obligations 
 
2 966 213 
2 918 284 
Deferred revenue 
 
89 963 992 
87 090 454 
Total long-term creditors 
18 
92 930 205 
90 008 738 
Short-term accounts payable 
 
 
 
Lease liabilities 
2.5 
37 475 766 
 
Deferred revenue 
19 
4 946 387 
5 962 839 
Trade payables 
 
6 099 120 
13 569 641 
Taxes and Mandatory State Social Insurance 
Contributions 
22 
864 001 
907 197 
Advance payments received from customers 
20 
82 723 
1 310 742 
Other creditors 
20 
3 218 170 
3 692 462 
Accrued liabilities 
21 
6 362 288 
7 204 288 
Total short-term accounts payable 
 
59 048 455 
32 647 169 
SUM TOTAL OF LIABILITIES 
 
221 934 371 
192 999 566 
Annexes from page 35 to 66 are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
/Signature/ 
 
/Signature/ 
 
/Signature/ 
Varis Boks, 
Chairman of the Board 
 
Arnis Staltmanis, 
Member of the Board 
 
Imants Zviedris, 
Member of the Board 
 
 
 
 
 
/Signature/ 
 
/Signature/ 
 
/Signature/ 
Gatis Junghāns, 
Member of the Board 
 
Mārcis Kauliņš, 
Member of the Board 
 
Māra Grava, 
Head of the Finance and 
Accounting Department 
 
 
 
 
 
Riga, 15 May, 2020

--- Page 190 ---
32 JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019 
 
SEPARATE STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY FOR 2019 
 
Annex 
Share capital 
EUR 
Accumulated 
profit EUR 
Reserves 
EUR 
Total 
EUR 
BALANCE ON 31 DECEMBER 2017 
17 
5 744 342 
309 244 
2 445 459 
8 499 045 
Dividends paid for 2017 
 
- 
(247 395) 
- 
(247 395) 
Redirected to reserves 
 
- 
(61 849) 
61 849 
- 
Share capital increase 
 
57 394 971 
- 
- 
57 394 971 
Actuarial income 
 
- 
- 
19 920 
19 920 
Profit for the reporting year 
 
- 
4 677 118 
- 
4 677 118 
BALANCE ON 31 DECEMBER 2018 
17 
63 139 313 
4 677 118 
2 527 228 
70 343 659 
Paid in dividends for 2018 
 
- 
(3 598 352) 
- 
(3 598 352) 
Share capital increase 
 
1 078 766 
(1 078 766) 
- 
- 
Retained earnings (accumulated losses) 
Implementation of IFRS 16 
 
- 
(4 115 963) 
- 
(4 115 963) 
Actuarial income 
 
- 
- 
259 393 
259 393 
Profit for the reporting period 
 
- 
7 066 974 
- 
7 066 974 
BALANCE ON 31 DECEMBER 2019 
17 
64 218 079 
2 951 011 
2 786 621 
69 955 711 
Annexes from page 35 to 66 are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
/Signature/ 
 
/Signature/ 
 
/Signature/ 
Varis Boks, 
Chairman of the Board 
 
Arnis Staltmanis, 
Member of the Board 
 
Imants Zviedris, 
Member of the Board 
 
 
 
 
 
/Signature/ 
 
/Signature/ 
 
/Signature/ 
Gatis Junghāns, 
Member of the Board 
 
Mārcis Kauliņš, 
Member of the Board 
 
Māra Grava, 
Head of the Finance and 
Accounting Department 
 
 
 
 
 
Riga, 15 May, 2020

--- Page 191 ---
JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019
33
 
SEPARATE CASH FLOW STATEMENT FOR 2019 
 
Annex 
31.12.2019 
EUR 
31.12.2018 
EUR 
I CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
 
 
 
Profit before taxes 
 
7 066 974 
4 677 118 
Adjustments 
 
 
 
a) depreciation, amortisation 
9 
1 541 204 
1 418 638 
b) depreciation of asset lease rights* 
2.5 
33 335 161 
- 
c) changes in provisions 
 
307 322 
339 475 
c) income from dividends 
 
(4 193 864) 
(4 852 507) 
d) interest income 
8 
(44 224) 
(19 620) 
e) interest and exchange rate fluctuation costs 
8 
1 336 
420 554 
f) interest costs of lease of the assets** 
8 
1 682 900 
- 
Profit before corrections of the influence of changes in the balances of 
the current assets and short-term creditors 
 
39 696 809 
1 983 658 
Adjustments 
 
 
 
a) decrease/(increase) in trade receivables, other receivables and accrued 
income 
 
(6 120 731) 
63 800 305 
b) decrease/(increase) in the balance of stock 
 
11 655 
(13 948) 
c) (decrease)/increase in debts to suppliers and other creditors, accrued 
liabilities 
 
(12 443 962) 
(57 950 961) 
Gross cash flow of the principal activity 
 
21 143 771 
7 819 054 
Losses from exchange rate fluctuations 
 
(1 336) 
(2 053) 
Corporate income tax*** 
 
(719 670) 
(600 633) 
NET CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
 
20 422 765 
7 216 368 
* includes impact of the lease term changes EUR 2 496 700 
*** includes set-off of the corporate income tax 
** includes impact of the lease term changes EUR 605 
Annexes from page 35 to 66 are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
/Signature/ 
 
/Signature/ 
 
/Signature/ 
Varis Boks, 
Chairman of the Board 
 
Arnis Staltmanis, 
Member of the Board 
 
Imants Zviedris, 
Member of the Board 
 
 
 
 
 
/Signature/ 
 
/Signature/ 
 
/Signature/ 
Gatis Junghāns, 
Member of the Board 
 
Mārcis Kauliņš, 
Member of the Board 
 
Māra Grava, 
Head of the Finance and 
Accounting Department 
 
 
 
 
 
Riga, 15 May, 2020

--- Page 192 ---
34 JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019 
 
SEPARATE CASH FLOW STATEMENT FOR 2019 (CONTINUED) 
 
Annexes 
31.12.2019 
EUR 
31.12.2018 
EUR 
II CASH FLOW FROM INVESTMENT ACTIVITY 
 
 
 
Acquisition of intangible investments and fixed assets, income from sales 
 
(12 899 380) 
(6 121 486) 
Creation of fixed assets and intangible investments 
 
(35 139 407) 
- 
Interest income from term deposits 
 
44 224 
19 620 
Placed deposits, Net 
 
30 000 000 
(15 000 000) 
Dividends received 
 
4 193 864 
4 852 507 
Financial deposit with limited access 
 
- 
57 394 382 
NET CASH FLOW FROM INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES 
 
(13 800 699) 
41 145 023 
 
 
 
 
III CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITY 
 
 
 
Loans received/(repaid) 
 
- 
(57 394 382) 
Investment in equity 
 
- 
57 394 382 
Asset lease payments 
 
(34 447 033) 
- 
Received EU funding 
 
2 283 076 
828 235 
Interest paid for the loan 
 
- 
(418 501) 
Dividends paid 
 
(2 878 682) 
(247 395) 
NET CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITY 
 
(35 042 639) 
162 339 
NET INCREASE/(DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
 
(28 420 573) 
48 523 730 
Cash and equivalents at the beginning of the reporting year 
 
56 636 900 
8 113 170 
Cash and equivalents at the end of the reporting year 
 
28 216 327 
56 636 900 
Annexes from page 35 to 66 are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
/Signature/ 
 
/Signature/ 
 
/Signature/ 
Varis Boks, 
Chairman of the Board 
 
Arnis Staltmanis, 
Member of the Board 
 
Imants Zviedris, 
Member of the Board 
 
 
 
 
 
/Signature/ 
 
/Signature/ 
 
/Signature/ 
Gatis Junghāns, 
Member of the Board 
 
Mārcis Kauliņš, 
Member of the Board 
 
Māra Grava, 
Head of the Finance and 
Accounting Department 
 
 
 
 
 
Riga, 15 May, 2020

--- Page 193 ---
JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019
35
 
ANNEXES OF SEPARATE FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS 
 
 
 
1. GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANY 
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” is a transmission system operator, 
licensed by the Public Utilities Commission under licence 
No. E12001, that ensures the security of the operation of the 
transmission network and the power supply system of Latvia, 
provides the transmission service on the basis of published 
transmission service tariffs, and ensures the availability of the 
transmission system services on a continuous basis. 
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” is engaged in operational 
management of the transmission system and ensures secure 
and reliable electric power transmission. 
 
As of 31 December 2019, all shares of JSC “Augstsprieguma 
tīkls” are owned by the Ministry of Finance of the Republic of 
Latvia. The registered address of the Company is Dārzciema 
iela 86, Riga, LV-1073, Latvia 
The financial statements were approved by the Board of the 
Company on 15 May 2020 as follows: Varis Boks (Chairman of 
the Board), Imants Zviedris (Member of the Board), Arnis 
Staltmanis (Member of the Board), Mārcis Kauliņš (Member of 
the Board), Gatis Junghāns (Member of the Board). 
The auditor of the Company is the certified audit company 
“Deloitte Audits Latvia” LTD, and the responsible certified auditor 
is Inguna Staša. 
 
2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES 
This section of the appendix sets out the key accounting 
principles that are used in the preparation of the financial 
statements. These principles are applied consistently, reflecting 
data for all periods presented in the report. 
These financial statements have been prepared in accordance 
with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as 
adopted by the European Union, applying the going concern 
principle. Taking into account the European Union approval 
process, this Annex also presents standards and interpretations 
that have not been approved for application in the European 
Union, as those standards and interpretations may have an 
impact on the Company's financial statements in future periods, 
if they are adopted. 
 
These financial statements are the separate financial statements 
of the Company, where investments in associates are measured 
at cost value. These financial statements do not use the equity 
method in measuring investments in associates. 
The financial statements have been based on the initial cost 
accounting method. The cash flow statement has been prepared 
using the indirect method. 
The financial indicators in the financial statements are presented 
in euros (EUR). 
The comparability of indicators is kept in the financial report, in 
the case when the presentation of financial statements 
information is changed during the reporting year, comparative 
figures are reclassified and are comparable.

--- Page 194 ---
36 JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019 
 
 
Financial statements cover the time period from 1 January to 
31 December 2019. 
To prepare the financial statements in accordance with the IFRS, 
the management of the Company based it on certain estimates 
and assumptions, which affect the balance of separate items 
reflected in certain statements, as well as the possible amount of 
liabilities.  
 
Future events may affect the assumptions on which the relevant 
estimates were based. Any impact of the changes of the estimates 
is reflected in the financial reports at the moment of identification 
thereof. Although these estimates are based on comprehensive 
information about the current events and activities available to the 
Company's management, actual results may differ from those 
estimates. 
 
New standards and amendments to existing standards in force during the current reporting period 
 
During the current reporting period, the following standards issued 
by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and the 
new standards adopted by the EU, as well as amendments to the 
existing standards and new guidance on the interpretation are in 
force: 
○ 
IFRS 16 “Leases”, adopted in the EU on 31 October 2017 
(effective for reporting periods beginning on 1 January 2019 
or later) 
In the reporting year the Company applied IFRS 16 (issued by the 
IASB in January 2016), effective for reporting periods beginning 
on 1 January 2019 or later. IFRS 16 introduces new or amended 
requirements for lease accounting. It introduces significant 
changes to lessees’ accounting by removing the distinction 
between operating and finance lease and demanding to recognise 
the right to use assets and lease liabilities for all lease contracts, 
except for short-term lease and lease of low-value assets. As 
opposed to requirements for lessees, the requirements for 
lessors’ accounting have largely remained unchanged. 
The Company applies IFRS 16 for the reporting year beginning on 
1 January 2019. The Company chose to use the modified 
retrospective approach, which means that: 
comparable information is not being corrected; 
the cumulative effect of the initial application is recognised as 
retained earnings (or other equity components, as appropriate) at 
the date of initial application of the adjustment to the opening 
balance. 
 
(a) The impact of the new definition of a lease 
The Company has used the available practical relief by 
transitioning to IFRS 16 to avoid reassessing whether the 
contract is a lease contract or contains a lease. Accordingly, 
the definition of a lease corresponding with IAS 17 and 
IFRIC 4 is still going to be applied to contracts entered into or 
modified before 1 January 2019. The changes to the definition 
of lease were mainly related to the concept of control. 
IFRS 16 determines whether a contract contains a lease on 
the basis of whether the customer has the right to control the 
use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for 
compensation. It contrasts with “risks and rewards” in IAS 17 
and IFRIC 4. The Company applies the definition of lease and 
instructions set out in IFRS 16 for all lease contracts 
concluded or amended starting from 1 January 2019. Based 
on the Company’s assessment, the new definition in IFRS 16 
will not significantly change the scope of contracts that 
correspond to the Company’s definition of a lease. 
(b) The impact on lessees’ accounting 
IFRS 16 changes how the Company accounts for leases 
previously classified as operating leases in accordance with 
IAS 17 and which were not included in the balance sheet. By 
applying IFRS 16 to all lease contracts (except as specified 
below), the Company: 
● recognises lease assets and lease liabilities in the balance 
sheet, initially measured at the present value of unavoidable 
future lease payments; 
● recognises depreciation of lease assets and interest on 
lease liabilities in the profit or loss statement over the lease 
term; 
● separates the total amount of cash paid into a principal 
portion (presented within financing activities) and interest 
(presented within operating activities) in the cash flow 
statement. 
Lease discounts (for example, a free lease period) are recognised 
as part of right-of-use asset and lease liabilities, which in 
accordance with IAS 17 result in lease discounts and are 
amortised as a reduction of lease expenses by applying the 
straight-line method. In accordance with IFRS 16, right-of-use 
assets are evaluated regarding their impairment in accordance 
with IAS 36.

--- Page 195 ---
JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019
37
 
Regarding short-term leases (the lease term is 12 months or less) 
and lease of low-value assets (including lease of tablets and 
personal computers, as well as small office furniture and phone 
accessories), the Company has chosen to recognise lease costs on 
a straight-line basis. These costs are represented as “Other costs 
of business activity” in the profit or loss statement. 
The Company has used the following practical reliefs by applying a 
modified retrospective approach to lease contracts previously 
classified as operating leases, applying IAS 17. 
● The Company has chosen not to recognise right-of-use 
assets and lease liabilities for lease contracts expiring within 
12 months from the date of their initial application; 
● The Company has excluded initial direct costs from right-of-
use asset evaluation at the date of initial application. 
(c) The financial impact of the initial application of IFRS 16 
See note 2.5 for additional information on the impact of the 
implementation of IFRS 16. 
○ 
9. IFRS “Financial Instruments” – Early repayment elements 
with negative compensation – adopted by the EU on 22 
March 2018 (effective for reporting periods starting on 
1 January 2019 or later); 
 
○ 
Amendments to IAS 19 “Employee Benefits” – plan 
amendments, curtailment, or settlement – adopted by the EU 
on 13 March 2019 (effective for reporting periods starting on 
1 January 2019 or later); 
○ 
Amendments to IAS 28 “Investments in Associates and Joint 
Ventures” – long-term participation in associates and joint 
ventures – adopted by the EU on 8 February 2019 (effective 
for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019); 
○ 
Amendments to several standard Improvements to 
International Financial Reporting Standards (Cycle 2015-
2017). 
○ 
Amendments to various standards are a result of the Annual 
Improvements to IFRS (IFRS 3, IFRS 11, IAS 12 and 
IAS 23), which are mainly related to the elimination of 
inconsistencies and clarification of wording – adopted by the 
EU on 14 March 2019 (effective for reporting periods starting 
on 1 January 2019 or later); 
○ 
IFRIC 23 “Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments” – 
adopted by the EU on 23 October 2018 (effective for 
reporting periods starting on 1 January 2019 or later); 
Except for the adoption of IFRS 16, the implementation of those 
new standards, amendments to existing standards, and respective 
guidance on the interpretation has no significant impact on the 
Company’s financial statements. 
 
Standards and amendments to existing standards issued by the IASB and adopted by the EU but not yet effective 
 
At the date of approval of the financial statements the following 
new standards, amendments to existing standards, and guidance 
on the interpretation issued by the IASB but not yet effective exist: 
○ 
Amendments to IAS 1 “Financial reporting” and IAS 8 
“Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates, and 
Errors” – definition of “material” (effective for reporting periods 
starting on 1 January 2020 or later); 
○ 
Amendments to references to the conceptual guidance in 
IFRS standards (effective for reporting periods starting on 
1 January 2020 or later). 
The Company decided not to introduce new standards, 
amendments to existing standards, and guidance on interpretation 
before their effective date. The Company expects that the adoption 
of those standards, as well as the amendments to existing 
standards, has no material impact on the Company’s financial 
statements in the period of initial application. 
 
New standards and amendments to existing standards issued 
by the IASB but not yet adopted by the EU 
At the moment, the IFRS adopted by the EU do not differ 
significantly from those adopted by the International Accounting 
Standards Board (IASB), except for the following standards, 
amendments of existing standards, and guidance on the 
interpretation not yet endorsed by the EU as of 31 December 
2019 (effective dates refer to IFRSs issued by the IASB):

--- Page 196 ---
38 JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019 
 
○ 
IFRS 14 “Regulatory Deferral Accounts” (effective for 
reporting periods beginning on January 1 2016 or later) – 
the European Commission has decided not to initiate the 
application for the interim standard, instead opting for 
awaiting the final version of the standard; 
○ 
IFRS 17 “Insurance Contracts” (effective for reporting 
periods beginning on 1 January 2021 or later). 
○ 
Amendments to IFRS 3 “Business Combinations” – 
definition of a business (effective for business combinations 
in which the business has been acquired during the first 
reporting period starting on 1 January 2020 or later, as well 
as for asset acquisition made at the beginning of this period 
or later). 
○ 
Amendments to IFRS 9 “Financial instruments”, IAS 39 
“Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement” and 
IFRS 7 “Financial Instruments: Disclosures” – interest rate 
benchmark reform (effective for reporting periods starting on 
1 January 2020 or later); 
 
○ 
Amendments to IFRS 10 “Consolidated Financial 
Statements” and IAS 28 “Investments in Associates and Joint 
Ventures” – asset sales or investment transaction between 
the investor and its associate or joints venture and further 
amendments (entry into force pending indefinitely until the 
completion of the research project on the equity method). 
The Company expects that the adoption of the new standards, as 
well as the amendments to existing standards, has no material 
impact on the Company’s financial statement in the period of initial 
application. 
2.1. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised in the 
statement of the financial position of the Company when the 
Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the 
instrument. 
Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially recognised at 
fair value. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the 
acquisition or issue of a financial asset and financial liabilities 
(other than a financial asset and financial liabilities at fair value 
through the income statement) are initially recognised or deducted 
from financial assets or fair values of financial liabilities. 
Financial assets 
All financial assets recognised on initial recognition are measured 
at amortised cost or fair value, depending on the classification of 
the financial assets. 
Classification of financial assets 
Debt instruments that meet the following conditions, after initial 
recognition, are measured at amortised cost: 
● the financial asset is held as part of a business model that 
seeks to hold financial assets for the purpose of collecting 
contractual cash flows; and 
● the terms of a financial asset contract generate cash flows at 
specified dates that are only principal and interest payments. 
 
Debt instruments that meet the following conditions after initial 
recognition are measured at fair value through the statement of 
Other Comprehensive Income (FVTOCI): 
● the financial asset is held in a business model that achieves 
its objective by both collecting the contractual cash flows and 
selling the financial asset; and 
● the terms of a financial asset contract generate cash flows at 
specified dates that are only principal and interest payments. 
By default, all other financial assets after initial recognition are 
measured at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL). 
Notwithstanding the above, upon initial recognition of a financial 
asset, the Company may irrevocably choose: 
● to classify equity instruments at fair value through other 
comprehensive income, if certain criteria are met. 
Equity instruments, at fair value with other comprehensive income 
After initial recognition, the Company may irrevocably select (for 
each instrument separately) certain equity instruments at fair value 
recognised in other comprehensive income. This classification is 
not allowed, if the equity instrument is held for trading or if it is a 
variable consideration received as a result of business 
combination.

--- Page 197 ---
JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019
39
 
Investments in equity instruments recognised in other 
comprehensive income are measured initially at fair value adding 
transaction costs. They are subsequently measured at fair value, 
with profit or loss arising from changes in fair value, recognised in 
other comprehensive income in the revaluation reserve. At the time 
the equity instrument is disposed of, the cumulative gain or loss is 
not reclassified to the income statement, but it is transferred to 
retained earnings. 
Dividends from those investments in equity instruments are 
recognised in the income statement in accordance with IFRS 9, 
unless the dividends clearly represent a return on the investment 
cost. 
At the initial application of IFRS 9 the Company has classified all 
investments in equity instruments that are not held for trading, in 
the category at fair value through other comprehensive income. 
Impairment of financial assets 
The Company recognises a deduction for expected credit losses 
on investments in debt instruments that are measured at amortised 
costs or fair value recognised in other comprehensive income, 
lease trade receivables, trade receivables, and financial guarantee 
contracts. The expected amount of credit risk losses shall be 
reviewed at each date of the report to reflect changes in credit risk 
since the initial recognition of the financial instrument. The 
Company always recognizes life expectancy credit losses on trade 
receivables and contract assets. The expected credit losses from 
these financial assets are calculated by using a provision matrix 
based on the Company's historical credit loss experience. 
Derecognition of financial assets 
The Company only derecognises a financial asset when the 
contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire or when it 
transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and 
rewards of ownership to another 
 
entity. If the Company does not transfer or retain substantially all 
of the risks and rewards of ownership and continues to control the 
transferred asset, the Company recognises its retained interest 
and related liabilities to the extent that it may be required to pay. 
If the Company retains substantially all the risks and rewards of 
ownership of the transferred financial asset, the Company 
continues to recognise the financial asset and also recognises a 
secured loan for revenue received. 
Financial liabilities 
All financial liabilities are initially measured at amortised cost 
using the effective interest method or at fair value, recognising it 
in the income statement. 
Financial liabilities with evaluation at amortised cost Financial 
liabilities other than i) the potential consideration from the 
acquirer in a business combination, ii) held for trading, or iii) 
initially recognised at fair value through the income statement, 
after initial recognition, are subsequently measured at amortised 
cost using the effective interest method. 
The effective interest method is the method of calculating the 
amortised cost of a financial liabilities and allocating the interest 
expense over the period. The effective interest rate is the rate at 
which discounted future cash flows or revenue (including any fees 
and interest paid or received by the parties to the contract that 
are an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs 
and any other premiums or discounts) at the expected life of the 
financial asset or financial liability, the carrying amount of a 
financial asset or the amortised cost of a financial liability is 
precisely obtained. 
Derecognition of financial liabilities 
The Company only derecognises a financial liability when the 
Company's liabilities are executed, cancelled, or terminated. The 
difference between the book value of a financial liabilities and the 
consideration paid or payable is recognised in income statement. 
2.2. TRANSACTIONS IN FOREIGN CURRENCIES 
(a) Functional and presentation currency 
The items of financial statements of the Company are measured in 
the currency of the economic environment in which the Company 
operates (the functional currency). The items of the financial 
statements are presented in euros (EUR), which is the Company's 
functional and presentation currency. 
 
(b) Transactions and balances 
All transactions in foreign currencies are revalued into euros at 
the official exchange rate set by the European Central Bank ruling 
on the date of the relevant transaction. Monetary assets and 
liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated to 
euros at the exchange rates prevailing on the last day of the 
reporting year. Gained profit or losses are recognised in the 
income statement for the relevant period.

--- Page 198 ---
40 JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019 
 
2.3. INTANGIBLE INVESTMENTS AND FIXED ASSETS 
All intangible investments are counted at initial value less 
accumulated amortisation. Computer software licences, computer 
software and related implementation costs are recognised as 
intangible investments and amortised on a straight-line basis over 
the estimated useful lives of these assets, up to five years. 
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” implements transmission system 
congestion and overload management in accordance with 
Article 13, Section 4 and Article 13¹, Section 6 of the Electricity 
Market Law, and receives a fee for cross-section restricted 
capacity auction in accordance with the mutual compensation 
mechanism and concluded contracts of the transmission system 
operators. The use of the received congestion charge is regulated 
by the European Commission and the Council of Europe 
Regulation No. 714/2009 on conditions for access to the network 
for cross-border exchanges in electricity and repealing Regulation 
(EC) No 1228/2003 (hereinafter – the Regulation). Considering the 
provisions of the Regulation, revenues received from congestion 
management which are not used to eliminate overload and 
congestion in the transmission network are reflected in the balance 
sheet as deferred income. Once this income has been used to 
finance a specific long-term investment project, transmission right-
of-use assets are recognised as part of intangible investments 
and, along with deferred income, are amortised through the 
progressive recognition of that income and amortisation in the 
income statement for the current financial year in accordance with 
the amortisation period of the long-term investment created. 
Intangible investments and fixed assets are presented according to 
their acquisition value, minus any wear and depreciation accrued. 
The acquisition value includes costs 
 
directly related to the acquisition of the fixed asset. Depreciation of 
fixed assets is calculated using the straight-line method over the 
useful life of the asset, to allocate the acquisition cost to its 
estimated residual value at the end of the useful life period. For 
other fixed assets and equipment (means of communication and 
equipment, office supplies and equipment) it shall not exceed two 
to five years. 
Further expenses are included in the balance sheet value of the 
asset or only recognised as a separate asset when there is a great 
possibility that the future commercial benefits related to this item 
will flow in the Company and expenses of this item can be credibly 
determined. Such costs are written off during the remaining period 
of the service life of the relevant fixed asset. 
Current repairs and maintenance of fixed assets are included in the 
income statement for the period when they were incurred. 
Profit or loss from excluding fixed assets is calculated as the 
difference between the balance sheet value of the fixed asset and 
the revenue obtained as a result of selling it and included in the 
profit or loss statement for the period when they were incurred. 
If the balance value of some intangible investment or fixed asset is 
above the recoverable value thereof, the value of the relevant 
intangible investment or fixed asset is written off without delay to 
the recoverable value thereof. The recoverable value is the highest 
from the fair value of the relevant intangible investment or fixed 
asset, less sales costs or value of use. 
2.4. LONG-TERM FINANCIAL INVESTMENTS 
Long-term financial investments are investments in the equity of 
other companies. 
Investments in associates 
Investments in associates are investments in companies, in which 
the Company has significant influence but has no control over the 
activities of the other company. 
In these separate statements, investments in associates are stated 
at their acquisition cost. 
 
Other long-term financial investments 
Other long-term financial investments are investments in the equity 
of other companies in which the Company has no significant 
influence or control. 
According to IFRS 9, equity instruments after initial recognition are 
measured at fair value. The Company chose the approach allowed 
by IFRS 9, initially recognising the financial asset, to irrevocably 
choose to reflect equity instruments that are not held for trading or 
are acquired in a business combination, at fair value through other 
comprehensive income.

--- Page 199 ---
JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019
41
 
2.5. 2.5 LEASEHOLD 
Leases to which the Company is a lessor are classified as finance 
leases or operating leases. If the terms of the lease transfer all 
risks and rewards of ownership to the lessee, the contract is 
classified as a finance lease. Other leases are classified as 
operating leases. 
If the Company is an intermediate lessor, its main lease and 
sublease are accounted for as two separate contracts. Subleases 
are classified as finance leases or operating leases, referring to 
the right-of-use asset arising from the main lease. 
Lease income from operating leases is recognized on a straight-
line basis over the term of the lease. Initial direct costs incurred in 
negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the 
carrying amount of the leased asset and are recognised on a 
straight-line basis over the term of the lease. 
The Company as the lessee 
When concluding a contract, the Company assesses whether the 
contract is a lease or includes a lease. The Company recognises 
the right-of-use asset and the corresponding lease liabilities in 
respect to all lease contracts in which it is the lessee; exceptions 
are possible for short-term lease (the lease term being 12 months 
or less) and lease of low-value assets (for example, lease of 
tablets and personal computers, as well as small office furniture 
and phone accessories). The Company recognizes lease 
payments related to this lease as operating expenses on a 
straight-line basis over the lease term, unless another systematic 
basis is more representative of the time pattern in which the 
economic benefits of the leased asset are used. 
At the initial date, the Company measures the lease liabilities at 
the present value of the lease payments outstanding at that date. 
Lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implied by 
the lease. If this rate cannot be readily determined, the Company 
uses its comparable interest rate. 
Lease payments included in the evaluation of lease liabilities 
include the following payments: 
● fixed lease payments (including, in substance, fixed lease 
payments), with the exception of lease payments receivable; 
● variable lease payments that depend on an index or rate and 
were initially evaluated by using an index or rate at the initial 
date; 
● the amounts that the lessee would have to pay as 
guarantees of residual value; 
 
● the exercise price of the call option, if there are sufficient 
grounds to believe that the lessee will exercise this option; 
and 
● penalty payments for the termination of the lease, if the 
term of the lease reflects that the lessee uses the option to 
terminate the lease. 
Lease liabilities are presented as a separate item in the 
statement of financial position. 
Leases are subsequently evaluated at cost, using the effective 
interest method, and decreasing the carrying amount to reflect 
the lease payments. 
The Company reassesses the lease liabilities (and adjusts the 
related right-of-use asset accordingly) whenever: 
● the lease term has changed or a significant event or change 
in circumstances has occurred, resulting in a change in the 
measurement of the call option, in which case the lease 
liabilities are reevaluated by discounting the revised lease 
payments using the revised discount rate; 
● lease payments change due to a change in the index or 
rate, or expected payments change due to a guaranteed 
residual value; in such cases, the lease liability is 
remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments at a 
constant discount rate (unless the change in lease 
payments results from a change in a variable interest rate, 
in which case the revised discount rate is used). 
The lease contract is changed and the change in lease is not 
accounted for as a separate lease, in which case the lease 
liability is reevaluated based on the term of the modified lease, 
discounting the revised lease payments by using the revised 
discount rate at the effective date of the modification. 
The right-of-use asset includes the initial evaluation of the 
corresponding lease liabilities, lease payments made on or 
before the initial date, deducting any lease discounts received 
and any initial direct costs. They are subsequently measured at 
cost from which the accumulated depreciation and impairment 
losses have been deducted. 
The right-of-use asset is amortised over the term of the contract. 
Pursuant to the transmission system operator separation model 
introduced in Latvia, on 31 December 2014 the Company 
entered into a lease agreement for transmission system assets. 
In accordance with the lease agreement for the transmission 
system assets by implementing IFRS 16, the lease term is set at 
5 years.

--- Page 200 ---
42 JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019 
 
Pursuant to paragraph No. 38 of the protocol decision No. 46 of 
the Cabinet session of 8 October 2019, supporting the 
implementation of the full ownership separation model regarding 
the electric power transmission system operator and assigning the 
task to contribute the JSC “Latvijas elektriskie tīkli” shares owned 
by the State to JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” by 1 July 2020, the 
Company reviewed the lease term and established a deadline of 
31 December 2020. 
 
 
Paragraph No. 75 of the protocol decision No. 59 of the Cabinet 
sitting of 17 December 2019 stipulated that after the contribution 
of the JSC “Latvijas elektriskie tīkli” shares owned by the State to 
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls”, reorganisation of JSC 
“Augstsprieguma tīkls” and JSC “Latvijas elektriskie tīkli” should 
take place by incorporating JSC “Latvijas elektriskie tīkli” into 
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” by 31 December 2020 
The Company as a lessee recognised the right-of-use assets: 
 
 
 
31.12.2019 
EUR 
Right-of-use assets 
 
 
 
Residual value at the beginning of the reporting period 
 
 
- 
Initial recognition value on 01.01.2019. 
 
 
214 885 303 
Recognized changes in lease contracts 
 
 
(143 133 079) 
Depreciation recognised in the income statement 
 
 
(35 831 901) 
Residual value at the end of the reporting period 
 
 
35 920 323 
The Company as a lessee recognised lease liabilities in its financial statements: 
 
 
 
31.12.2019 
EUR 
Lease liabilities 
 
 
 
Operating lease liabilities on 31.12.2018 in accordance with IAS 17 
225 471 486 
Discounted value using the original interest rate at the initial date of implementation. 
(6 470 220) 
Initial recognition value on 01.01.2019., 
219 001 266 
Recognised changes in lease contracts 
 
 
(145 629 214) 
Decrease in lease liabilities 
 
 
(37 578 581) 
Recognised interest liabilities 
 
 
1 682 295 
Residual value at the end of the reporting period, including: 
 
 
37 475 766 
Long-term lease liabilities 
 
 
- 
Short-term lease liabilities 
 
 
37 475 766

--- Page 201 ---
JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019
43
 
2.6. STOCK 
Stock is presented in the lowest value of the prime cost or net 
sale value. The net sale value is the selling price of the stock 
determined during the course of regular operation of the 
Company, minus variable selling expenses. The prime cost is 
calculated using the weighted average method. 
Purchase costs of inventories include the purchase price, import 
duties, and other taxes and fees, 
 
transportation and associated costs, as well as other costs directly 
related to the delivery of materials and goods. Trade discounts, 
rebates and similar discounts are deducted in determining the 
value of inventories. 
The amount of inventories is verified by taking an inventory at the 
end of the year. 
2.7. DEFERRED REVENUE 
Revenue received before the balance sheet date but relating to 
the following twelve months (short-term) or after twelve months 
(long-term) is included in the deferred income in the balance 
sheet of short-term or long-term creditors. 
Deferred revenue from congestion management revenue is 
amortised after its use for funding a specific long-term period 
project 
 
through the progressive recognition of that income in the income 
statement for the current financial year in accordance with the 
amortisation/depreciation period of the long-term investment 
created. Respectively, when the asset is disposed of or excluded, 
the proceeds are recognised at their residual value. 
2.8. PENSIONS, POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS 
(a) Pension liabilities 
The Company makes monthly contributions to a closed, fixed 
contribution pension plan on behalf of employees. The plan is 
managed by the Joint Stock Company “Pirmais Slēgtais Pensiju 
Fonds”, in which the Company has participation. Contributions to 
a fixed contribution pension plan does not give the Company any 
additional legal or practical obligation to make further payments, if 
the plan does not have sufficient resources to pay all employee 
benefits for services provided by the employee in current or prior 
periods. Contributions are made in the amount of 5% (from 1 
January 2018 – 6%) of the salary of each member of the pension 
plan. Contributions to a fixed contribution plan are recognised by 
the Company at the time when the employee provides the service 
in exchange for those contributions. 
(b) Post-employment benefit liabilities 
In addition to the above mentioned pension plan, the Company 
provides certain post-employment benefits to employees whose 
employment conditions meet certain criteria. The liabilities for the 
benefits are calculated on the basis of the current salary levels 
and the number of employees who are required to receive 
payments, the amount of historical termination of labour relations, 
and actuarial assumptions. 
Liabilities recognised in the balance sheet in respect of post-
employment benefits are reflected at their present value at the 
balance sheet date, less any past costs. 
 
Post-employment benefit obligations are recalculated for each 
reporting year by an independent actuary using the projected unit 
credit method. 
The present value of the benefit obligations is determined by 
discounting the expected future cash outflows using interest rates 
of government securities. 
The Company uses the projected unit valuation method to estimate 
the present value of its fixed benefit obligations and the related 
present and future costs. 
According to this method it is considered that each period of 
service creates an additional unit of entitlement to receive the 
benefit and that the sum of all such units represents the total 
liability for post-employment benefits. 
The Company also uses objective and mutually agreed actuarial 
assumptions about variable demographic factors (such as staff 
turnover and mortality rates) and financial factors (such as 
expected salary increases and certain changes in benefit levels). 
Actuarial gains and losses arising from adjustments and changes in 
actuarial assumptions are recognised in the statement of 
comprehensive income in the period in which they arise.

--- Page 202 ---
44 JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019 
 
2.9. CORPORATE INCOME TAX 
Starting from the tax year 2018, the corporate income tax shall be 
calculated for the distributed profit (20/80 from the net sum to be 
paid to the shareholders). 
The tax rate is 20% of the calculated tax applicable base, which is 
adjusted before the tax rate is applied by dividing the object value 
applicable to corporate tax by a coefficient of 0.8. 
 The corporate tax for distributed profit will be recognised at the 
time when the shareholder of the Company makes a decision 
regarding the distribution of profit. 
The payment of corporate tax to the Company is deferred until the 
profits are distributed as dividends or non-operating expenses are 
paid. 
2.10. SAVINGS 
Provisions are recognised when the Company has legal or other 
reasonable commitments triggered by a certain past event and 
there is a probability present that the fulfilment of such liabilities 
would require the outflow of resources containing economic 
benefits from the Company, and it is possible to sufficiently assess 
the scope of liabilities. No provisions are made for future operating 
losses. 
Provisions are recognised in the balance sheet by determining the 
amount of expenditure that would be required to settle the 
obligation at the balance sheet date as precisely as possible. 
Provisions are only used for the expenses for which the provision 
was initially recognised, and they are reversed if a potential outflow 
of resources is no longer expected. 
 Provisions are measured based on the present value of the 
expenses that are expected to be incurred to settle the present 
obligations, using a pre-tax discount rate that includes the current 
market value of the cash and the risks specific to the liabilities. 
Provisions for unused holiday are made to accurately reflect the 
Company's liabilities to employees for unused holiday, if there are 
any. Accruals for unused holiday are calculated monthly in the 
HORIZON resource accounting system. 
2.11. REVENUE RECOGNITION 
The Company's revenue from customers is the value of products 
sold and services provided as a result of operating activities. The 
Company only keeps records for contracts with the client in the 
scope of IFRS 15 if all of the following criteria are met: 
a) the parties to the contract have approved the contract (in 
writing, orally or in accordance with other normal commercial 
practices) and have undertaken to comply with their respective 
obligations; 
b) the Company may determine the rights of each party 
regarding the goods or services to be transferred; 
c) the Company may establish payment terms for the goods or 
services to be transferred; 
d) the contract is of a commercial nature (i.e. it is expected that 
the contract will result in a change in the Company's future 
cash flow risk, schedule or amount); as well as 
e) there is a possibility that the Company will charge an 
indemnity in exchange for goods or services transferred to the 
customer. When assessing whether it is possible to collect the 
indemnity amount, the Company only takes into consideration 
the ability and intention of the client to repay the indemnity in a 
timely manner. 
 In accordance with IFRS 15 The Company transfers control of a 
good or service over time, and thereby carries out its obligation of 
fulfilment and recognises revenue over time, if one of the following 
criteria is met: 
a) the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the 
benefits that are assured by the Company's activities in the 
course of the Company's business; 
b) with operation of the Company the asset is created or 
improved (for example, repairs) and the customer controls the 
asset at the time the asset is created or improved; or 
c) The Company's operation does not constitute an asset that 
the Company could use as an alternative and the Company has 
enforceable rights to payment for timely completion. 
For each performance obligation that has been discharged over 
time, the Company only recognises revenue over time if the 
Company can reasonably measure its progress towards the full 
implementation of the performance obligation.

--- Page 203 ---
JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019
45
 
The main types of income of the Company are as follows: 
(a) Electricity transmission system services 
Based on the fact that the customer simultaneously receives and 
consumes the benefits of the Company's operations in the course 
of the Company's operations, the Company transfers control of the 
service over time and thereby implements its performance 
obligation and recognises the revenue over time. 
The Company only recognises revenue from the performance of 
obligations over the term when control over the service is 
transferred to the customer, when (or as soon as) the customer 
decides to use the asset and benefits from it, and when the 
Company can reasonably measure its progress towards the full 
implementation of their obligations. 
Based on the fact that revenues from transmission system services 
are based on tariffs approved by the Public Utilities Commission, 
according to IFRS 15. The Company is entitled to receive 
reimbursement from the customer for an amount that directly 
reflects the value the customer receives from the Company's timely 
completion of Company's activities; for practical purposes, the 
Company may recognise revenue in the amount the Company is 
entitled to collect. 
The Company recognises revenue from the provided transmission 
system services at the end of each month on the basis of 
automatically read meter readings. 
(b) Congestion and overload management 
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” implements transmission system 
congestion and overload management in accordance with 
Article 13, Section 4 and Article 13¹, Section 6 of the Electricity 
Market Law, and receives a fee for cross-section restricted capacity 
auction in accordance with the mutual compensation mechanism 
and concluded contracts of the transmission system operators. 
According to Article 16 of Regulation (EC) No. 714/2009 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council “On conditions for access 
to the network for cross-border exchanges in electricity and 
repealing Regulation (EC) No. 1228/2003” (hereinafter referred to 
as “Regulation”), any revenues resulting from the allocation of 
interconnection capacity shall be used for one or more of the 
following purposes: 
a) ensuring the actual availability of the allocated capacity 
and/or 
b) maintaining or improving interconnection capacity through 
network investments, in particular in new interconnectors; 
(c) where revenues cannot be used effectively for the above 
purposes, they may be used as revenues up to a maximum 
value, 
 
subject to the approval of the regulatory authorities of the 
respective member states, to be taken into account by national 
regulatory authorities when approving network tariff calculation 
methodologies; and/or setting network tariffs. 
Considering the provisions of the Regulation, revenues received 
from congestion management which are not used to eliminate 
overload and congestion in the transmission network are reflected 
in the balance sheet as deferred income. Once this income has 
been used to finance a specific long-term investment project, 
deferred income is amortised through the progressive recognition 
of that income in the income statement for the current financial year 
in accordance with the amortisation/depreciation period of the long-
term investment created. 
Based on the fact that the customer simultaneously receives and 
consumes the benefits of the Company's operations in the course 
of the Company's operations, the Company transfers control of the 
service over time and thereby implements its performance 
obligation and recognises the revenue over time. 
The Company only recognises revenue from the performance of 
obligations over the term when control over the service is 
transferred to the customer, when (or as soon as) the customer 
decides to use the asset and benefits from it, and when the 
Company can reasonably measure its progress towards the full 
implementation of their obligations. 
In accordance with the principle of reconciliation of revenues and 
costs, the revenues of congestion management, that are used to 
eliminate congestion and overload in the transmission network, 
shall be shown in the income statement according to the amount of 
costs (resource method for measuring progress) associated with 
congestion and overload elimination. 
(c) Mandatory procurement component income 
According to Article 105 of Regulation No. 50 of the Cabinet of 
Ministers of 21 January 2014, “Regulations for electricity trade and 
use”, the Company shall charge the Mandatory procurement 
component (hereinafter also referred to as MPC) from all electricity 
end users or traders, if the end user has delegated settlements with 
the company for system services and ancillary services. 
The revenues of MPC are determined in accordance with the tariffs 
set by the Public Utilities Commission and the volumes of electricity 
transmitted. At the same time, the Company is obliged to make 
MPC payments to the Public energy trader for the electricity 
transmitted to the end users.

--- Page 204 ---
46 JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019 
 
Given that the Company has no influence over the pricing of the 
service and does not have the power to determine the price 
directly or indirectly, MPC revenue is recognised on an agent 
basis, with revenue recognised in the income statement on a net 
basis. 
(d) Income from electricity/capacity sales 
According to Article 11 Section 2 of the Electricity Market Law, the 
transmission system operator may participate in electricity 
trading, if the purchase and sale of electricity or capacity is 
necessary for system balancing, buying ancillary services, 
covering electricity transmission losses, for the transmission 
system operator's own consumption, or if there is a deviation in 
the system from a normal operation or there has been an 
accident. 
When participating in the trade of electricity, the transmission 
system operator shall act in accordance with open, non-
discriminatory and market based procedures, except in the event 
of deviations from the normal operating system or if there has 
been an accident. In the event of deviations from the normal 
operating system or in the event of an accident, the transmission 
system operator shall act in accordance with the provisions of the 
Network code. 
Based on the fact that the customer simultaneously receives and 
consumes the benefits of the Company's operations in the course 
of the Company's operations, the Company transfers control of 
the service over time and thereby implements its performance 
obligation and recognises the revenue over time. 
The Company only recognises revenue from the performance of 
obligations over the term when control over the service is 
transferred to the customer, when (or as soon as) the customer 
decides to use the asset and benefits from it, and when the 
Company can reasonably measure its progress towards the full 
implementation of their obligations. 
 
Revenue from the sale of electricity/capacity is recognised on the 
basis of acceptance notes and bills, which are invoiced each 
month for the electricity/capacity delivered during the month in 
accordance with the contracts entered into with each other. 
(e) New construction and renovation of transmission assets 
According to Article 13. Section 6 of the Electricity Market Law, 
the Company shall be responsible for the planning, construction, 
and commissioning of new transmission infrastructure objects 
during the development of the transmission system. In turn, 
according to Article 21.² Section 2 of the Electricity Market Law, 
the transmission system asset owner JSC “Latvijas elektriskie 
tīkli” finances capital investments in the transmission system 
assets. Within the framework of the service, the Company with its 
personnel resources plans, organises, documents, and controls 
the construction, reconstruction, and renovation works in the 
assets of the recipient of the service – JSC “Latvijas elektriskie 
tīkli”. The service includes the provision of capital investment 
project management. 
Based on the fact that the customer simultaneously receives and 
consumes the benefits of the Company's operations in the course 
of the Company's operations, the Company transfers control of 
the service over time and thereby implements its performance 
obligation and recognises the revenue over time. 
The Company only recognises revenue from the performance of 
obligations over the term when control over the service is 
transferred to the customer, when (or as soon as) the customer 
decides to use the asset and benefits from it, and when the 
Company can reasonably measure its progress towards the full 
implementation of their obligations. 
Revenue from the construction and renovation of transmission 
assets is recognised on the basis of mutually agreed monthly 
acceptance acts and invoices, which are invoiced monthly for the 
amount of work performed. 
2.12. RECOGNITION OF COSTS 
Costs are recognised on an accrual basis. Accounting costs 
include all foreseeable costs and contingent liabilities incurred in 
the current or prior years, even if they become known between 
the balance sheet date and the date of preparation of the financial 
statements, regardless of the date of receipt of the invoice, as the 
Company's economic transactions are accounted for and 
presented in the financial statements on the basis of their 
economic content and nature, not merely their legal form. 
 
Operating expenses and other operating expenses indicated in 
the income statement are disclosed in the annexes to the financial 
statements in more detailed terms.

--- Page 205 ---
JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019
47
 
2.13. LONG-TERM AND SHORT-TERM LIABILITIES 
The Company’s trade payables are initially recognised at fair value 
and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective 
interest rate method. Liabilities to suppliers and contractors are 
stated in the financial statements according to supporting 
documents and entries in the accounting records in the amount of 
invoices received from suppliers of the Company but not paid at 
the end of the reporting period. 
 
Accrued expenses that have been incurred during the reporting 
year when the amount of such costs or the date of payment during 
the reporting period is clearly known, but the invoices containing 
which have not yet been received from the suppliers, are included 
in the item “Accrued liabilities”. 
2.14. RELATED PARTIES 
Company shareholder, members of the Board, members of the 
Supervisory Board, their close relatives and companies, in which 
they have significant influence or control, are defined as related 
parties. 
 
As all the shares of JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” are 100% owned 
by the Republic of Latvia, state-controlled capital companies are 
also considered related parties. 
2.15. USE OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS 
When preparing financial statements, the Company's management 
must make estimations and assumptions that affect the valuation 
of assets and liabilities recorded in the financial statements at the 
date of preparation of the financial statements, and revenue and 
expenses recorded for the specific reporting period. The following 
estimates of the Company’s management have a significant 
impact on the results of the financial statements: 
○ 
Based on statistical and analytical information as well as 
expert forecasts, the Company makes estimates and 
assumptions regarding revenues and expenses related to the 
Company’s participation in the Inter Transmission System 
Operator Compensation Mechanism (ITC mechanism) 
developed by ENTSO-E. The ITC mechanism is a transit 
mechanism to cover the costs of transit losses of 
35 transmission system operators in Europe, with two funds: 
the Framework Fund and the united European Union TSOs 
transit flow volume fund (WWT – with and without transit), 
which varies according to the electricity market situation. The 
most important factor influencing the estimate are the 
electricity transit flows affecting the volume of the WWT Fund 
in all European electricity transmission networks, as well as 
the price of transit losses in the ITC Member States. The 
forecast is made in each Member State on the basis of six 
monthly loss measurements and the price of the losses. 
Revenue is projected using the precautionary principle. 
The amount of accrued income in December 2019 is 
EUR 858 728. Provisions are made on the basis of 
settlement statements accepted by the Company, which are 
not invoiced on 31 December 2019. 
 
○ 
Pursuant to the transmission system operator separation 
model introduced in Latvia, the Company has entered into a 
lease agreement for transmission system assets. In 
accordance with the protocol decisions of the Cabinet 
sessions of 8 October 2019 and 17 December 2019, by 
31 December 2020 the full ownership separation model shall 
be implemented, with the Company acquiring ownership 
rights of the transmission system assets. In view of the 
above, the assets and liabilities related to the lease of 
transmission assets are estimated by establishing a lease 
term of 31 December 2020 and applying a discount rate in 
accordance with the loan rate set by the Treasury for state 
capital companies in the amount of 0.5%. 
○ 
Based on statistical and analytical information as well as 
estimates made by specialists, the Company makes 
estimates and assumptions about post-employment benefit 
obligations as described in Annex 2.8. 
In the reporting year, the discount rate used to discount post-
employment benefit obligations is fixed at 0.744% 
(in 2018: 1.52%). The discount rate is determined in 
accordance with the requirements of International Financial 
Reporting Standards whereby the discount rate should be 
determined by reference to the market rate of return on high-
quality corporate bonds at the balance sheet date; moreover, 
the discount rate should reflect the time value of money 
rather than the actuarial or investment risk. 
Following the provisions of the Collective agreement, which 
provide the annual indexation of employees’ wages to 
inflation, calculating the provision for post-employment 
benefits in 2020, it is planned to increase the salary of 
employees by 2.6%, by 2.1% in 2021, and 2.0% thereafter.

--- Page 206 ---
48 JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019 
 
SENSITIVITY ANALYSIS OF TOTAL POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT VALUE ON 31 DECEMBER 2019, 
EUR 
 
Increase 
 
Decrease 
Discount rate (+/-1%) 
217 222 
7% 
 
(246 937) 
-8% 
Monthly salary increase (+/- 1%) 
561 778 
19% 
 
(405 027) 
-14% 
Employee turnover rate (+/- 1%) 
315 940 
11% 
 
(263 033) 
-9% 
 
 
  
 
 
3. REVENUE 
 
2019 
2018 
 
EUR 
EUR 
Transmission asset reconstruction and renovation works 
85 729 175 
85 791 503 
Transmission network service 
72 787 419 
72 576 114 
Sale of balancing electricity 
13 504 002 
15 379 400 
Congestion management at borders (auction) 
3 864 585 
7 739 340 
Electricity transit service 
2 405 603 
3 109 079 
Liquidation of electrical capacity overload 
2 227 422 
7 132 778 
Sale of regulatory electricity 
2 170 975 
111 309 
Revenue from reactive electricity 
692 336 
702 995 
Other services 
1 360 560 
1 323 964 
TOTAL INCOME 
184 742 077 
193 866 482 
Pursuant to the Energy Law, the Electricity Market Law, and the Network Code, JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” is obliged to implement the 
operational management of the transmission system and to ensure the safe, stable transmission of electricity. 
* Executing the decision of the PUC Council No. 18 of 30 January 2013, “On 
certification of Electricity Transmission System Operator”, from 1 January 2015 
the Company has taken over the maintenance and development of business lines 
of transmission system assets from JSC “Latvijas elektriskie tīkli” and ensures 
active construction, rebuilding, and renewal of the transmission system (see 
Annex 7). According to Article 21.² of the Electricity Market Law, the transmission 
system asset owner JSC “Latvijas elektriskie tīkli” finances capital investments in 
the transmission system assets, which are decided by JSC “Augstsprieguma 
tīkls”. 
 
 
** In accordance with the Company’s accounting policy, the congestion 
management income is reflected in the income statement according to the 
amount of costs related to the prevention of congestion in the transmission. In 
accordance with PUC Council Resolution No. 30 of 6 April 2017, the congestion 
charge revenue necessary to ensure the Company’s profitability in accordance 
with the methodology is recognised in the income statement. 
4. OTHER INCOME FROM BUSINESS ACTIVITIES 
 
2019 
2018 
 
EUR 
EUR 
Fines received 
189 776 
40 601 
Sale of current assets and fixed assets 
60 383 
24 616 
Received compensation for damages 
1 231 
53 615 
EU financial support 
- 
1 170 
TOTAL OTHER INCOME FROM BUSINESS ACTIVITIES 
251 390 
120 002

--- Page 207 ---
JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019
49
 
5. RAW MATERIALS CONSUMED, REPAIR COSTS 
 
2019 
EUR 
2018 
EUR 
Purchase of balancing electricity 
11 237 536 
11 385 742 
Transmission electricity losses and technological consumption 
9 124 185 
9 113 668 
Purchase of regulatory electricity 
3 851 795 
3 771 213 
Electricity transit losses 
2 123 434 
2 835 744 
Costs of materials used and repairs 
2 020 794 
2 428 029 
Electricity for own consumption 
282 833 
332 238 
USED RAW MATERIALS, 
TOTAL REPAIR COSTS 
28 640 577 
29 866 634 
 
 
 
 
 
 
6. PERSONAL COSTS 
 
2019 
2018 
 
EUR 
EUR 
Remuneration for work 
12 066 959 
11 642 664 
Mandatory State social security contributions and 
Benefits determined by the collective agreement 
3 551 356 
3 432 619 
Contributions to the pension plan 
612 156 
591 589 
TOTAL STAFF COSTS (INCLUDING REMUNERATION TO THE 
MANAGEMENT OF THE COMPANY) 
16 230 471 
15 666 872 
 
 
 
including remuneration to the management of the Company 
 
 
 
2019 
2018 
 
EUR 
EUR 
Remuneration for work 
638 124 
574 902 
Mandatory State social security contributions and 
Benefits determined by the collective agreement 
156 083 
137 551 
 
 
 
TOTAL REMUNERATION TO THE MANAGEMENT OF THE COMPANY 
794 207 
712 453 
 
 
 
Number of employees 
 
 
 
2019 
2018 
 
EUR 
EUR 
Number of employees at the end of the reporting year 
551 
552 
Average number of employees in the reporting year 
552 
548

--- Page 208 ---
50 JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019 
 
7. OTHER COSTS OF BUSINESS ACTIVITY 
 
2019 
EUR 
2018 
EUR 
Transmission asset reconstruction and renovation works 
85 705 387 
85 791 503 
Electricity capacity reserve maintenance costs 
4 659 045 
4 371 017 
Telecommunication provision services 
2 920 005 
2 833 048 
Liquidation of electrical capacity overload 
2 446 502 
10 385 978 
Transportation costs 
999 214 
979 451 
Premises and territory maintenance costs 
921 200 
291 157 
IT system maintenance costs 
747 822 
853 999 
Local taxes and fees 
166 346 
155 411 
Nature and labour protection costs 
106 639 
128 638 
Lease of fixed assets (transmission assets) 
- 
38 698 823 
Other business costs 
935 356 
2 321 903 
TOTAL OTHER COSTS OF BUSINESS ACTIVITY 
99 607 516 
146 810 928 
 
 
 
 
 
 
8. NET FINANCIAL INCOME/(COSTS) 
 
2019 
2018 
 
EUR 
EUR 
a) Financial income 
 
 
Interest income from credit institutions 
44 224 
19 620 
Total financial income 
44 224 
19 620 
b) Financial costs 
 
 
Interest costs 
- 
(418 501) 
Interest expense for right-of-use assets 
(1 682 295) 
- 
Fluctuations in currency exchange rates 
(1 336) 
(2 053) 
Total financial expenses 
(1 683 631) 
(420 554) 
 
 
 
NET FINANCIAL INCOME/(COSTS) 
(1 639 407) 
(400 934)

--- Page 209 ---
JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019
51
 
9. INTANGIBLE INVESTMENTS, FIXED ASSETS 
9.1. INTANGIBLE ASSETS 
 
 
Computer 
programmes 
EUR 
Right-of-use 
transmission 
assets* EUR 
Advance payment 
for right-of-use 
assets EUR 
Total 
EUR 
2018 
 
 
 
 
Balance at the beginning of the year 
384 084 
- 
- 
384 084 
Purchased 
196 020 
- 
4 118 381 
4 314 401 
Creation of intangible investments 
102 588 
- 
- 
102 588 
Calculated amortisation 
(150 680) 
- 
- 
(150 680) 
RESIDUAL VALUE ON 31.12.2018. 
532 012 
- 
4 118 381 
4 650 393 
as of 31 December 2018 
 
 
 
 
Initial value 
829 266 
- 
4 118 381 
4 947 647 
Creation of intangible investments 
153 175 
- 
- 
153 175 
Accumulated amortisation 
(450 429) 
- 
- 
(450 429) 
RESIDUAL VALUE ON 31.12.2018. 
532 012 
- 
4 118 381 
4 650 393 
2019 
 
 
 
 
Purchased 
334 232 
11 493 000 
33 909 709 
45 736 941 
Creation of intangible investments 
229 532 
- 
- 
229 532 
Calculated amortisation 
(190 352) 
(13 095) 
- 
(203 447) 
RESIDUAL VALUE ON 31.12.2019. 
905 424 
11 479 905 
38 028 090 
50 413 419 
31 December 2019 
 
 
 
 
Initial value 
1 163 498 
11 493 000 
38 028 090 
50 684 588 
Creation of intangible investments 
382 707 
- 
- 
382 707 
Accumulated amortisation 
(640 781) 
(13 095) 
- 
(653 876) 
RESIDUAL VALUE ON 31.12.2019. 
905 424 
11 479 905 
38 028 090 
50 413 419 
* In accordance with the Transmission System Development Plan approved by the Public Utilities Commission, the Company directs 
the accumulated congestion fee revenue to the capital financing of the capital investment transmission system. Taking into account the 
separation model of the electricity transmission system operator, which has been implemented in Latvia and according to which the 
transmission assets are owned by 
JSC “Latvijas elektriskie tīkli”, the Company recognises the right-of-use transmission assets in the amount of the investments made.

--- Page 210 ---
52 JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019 
 
9.2. FIXED ASSETS 
 
Technological plants 
and equipment 
EUR 
Other fixed assets and 
inventory 
EUR 
Total 
EUR 
2018 
 
 
 
Balance at the beginning of the year 
2 211 
3 814 891 
3 817 102 
Purchased 
- 
1 769 790 
1 769 790 
Excluded initial value 
- 
(17 323) 
(17 323) 
Excluded accrued depreciation 
- 
15 189 
15 189 
Depreciation 
(1 535) 
(1 264 290) 
(1 265 825) 
RESIDUAL VALUE ON 31.12.2018. 
676 
4 318 257 
4 318 933 
31 December 2018 
 
 
 
Initial value 
12 505 
8 449 207 
8 461 712 
Accrued depreciation 
(11 829) 
(4 130 950) 
(4 142 779) 
RESIDUAL VALUE ON 31.12.2018. 
676 
4 318 257 
4 318 933 
2019 
 
 
 
Balance at the beginning of the year 
676 
4 318 257 
4 318 933 
Purchased 
- 
1 599 330 
1 599 330 
Excluded initial value 
(5 690) 
(83 780) 
(89 470) 
Excluded accrued depreciation 
5 690 
83 248 
88 938 
Establishment of fixed assets 
- 
1 000 165 
1 000 165 
Depreciation 
(676) 
(1 426 018) 
(1 426 694) 
RESIDUAL VALUE ON 31.12.2019. 
- 
5 491 202 
5 491 202 
31 December 2019 
 
 
 
Initial value 
6 815 
9 964 757 
9 971 572 
Establishment of fixed assets 
- 
1 000 165 
1 000 165 
Accrued depreciation 
(6 815) 
(5 473 720) 
(5 480 535) 
RESIDUAL VALUE ON 31.12.2019. 
- 
5 491 202 
5 491 202

--- Page 211 ---
JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019
53
 
10. OTHER LONG-TERM FINANCIAL INVESTMENTS 
 
31.12.2019 
EUR 
31.12.2018 
EUR 
Ownership in the capital of associated companies, including: 
 
 
JSC “Conexus Baltic Grid” 
57 394 971 
57 394 971 
Ownership in the capital of other companies, including: 
 
 
JSC “Nord Pool Holding” 
1 901 465 
1 901 465 
JSC “Pirmais slēgtais pensiju fonds” 
1 422 
1 422 
TOTAL 
59 297 858 
59 297 858 
 
 
 
 
Name of the Company 
Location 
Type of business activity 
Shares (percentage) 
JSC “Conexus Baltic Grid” 
Latvia 
Natural gas transmission and 
storage operator in Latvia 
34.36% 
JSC “Nord Pool Holding” 
Norway 
Organisation of an Electricity 
exchange 
2.0% 
JSC “Pirmais slēgtais pensiju fonds” 
Latvia 
Management of pension 
plans 
1.9% 
According to the decision of the Shareholders’ Meeting of JSC “Conexus Baltic Grid” of 25 April 2019, in the reporting year the Company 
received dividends in the amount of EUR 4 100 957. 
** By the order of the Cabinet of Ministers of 17 December 2019, the Company was granted permission to terminate the participation in JSC 
“Nord Pool Holding” and to establish a joint venture for the management of JSC “Nord Pool Holding”, acquiring a 2% share in it. The Cabinet of 
Ministers took note of the information included in the annotation of the order that after the implementation of the transaction with the investor, 
the Company will dispose of its shares in the joint venture, thus terminating its participation in the group. 
According to the decision of the Shareholders' Meeting of JSC “Nord Pool” of 3 May 2019, in the reporting year the Company received 
dividends in the amount of EUR 92 907. 
*** The Company owns 1.9% of the capital of JSC “Pirmais slēgtais pensiju fonds”. The Company is a nominal shareholder, as all the risks and 
rewards of the Fund are undertaken or acquired by the Company's employees, who are members of the pension plan. 
11. STOCK 
 
 
31.12.2019 
EUR 
31.12.2018 
EUR 
STOCK 
 
 
 
Materials and spare parts 
 
480 112 
491 767 
TOTAL INVENTORIES 
 
480 112 
491 767

--- Page 212 ---
54 JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019 
 
12. NET TRADE RECEIVABLES 
 
31.12.2019 
EUR 
31.12.2018 
EUR 
Accounts receivable 
 
 
Electricity transmission system service debt 
747 506 
1 567 253 
Other trade receivables 
7 249 868 
52 236 
Total debtors 
7 997 374 
1 619 489 
For electricity transmission system service debt 
(24 234) 
(2 053) 
For other trade receivables 
(6 920) 
(15 755) 
Total provisions for doubtful and non-recoverable debts 
(31 154) 
(17 808) 
Net accounts receivable 
 
 
Electricity transmission system service debt 
723 272 
1 565 200 
Other trade receivables 
7 242 948 
36 481 
NET TRADE RECEIVABLES 
7 966 220 
1 601 681 
 
 
 
13. IMPAIRMENT OF DEBTORS 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
 
EUR 
EUR 
At the beginning of the reporting year 
17 808 
15 404 
Provisions for doubtful debtors used 
(11 529) 
- 
Charged to the income statement 
24 875 
2 404 
At the end of the reporting year 
31 154 
17 808 
The following table shows the changes in life expectancy credit losses on trade receivables recognised under the simplified approach 
set out in IFRS 9. 
 
14. OTHER DEBTORS 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
 
EUR 
EUR 
Deposits 
20,000,000 
50 000 000 
Overpaid taxes (see Annex 22), including: 
11 512 
11 512 
Corporate income tax 
11 512 
11 512 
The rest of the receivables 
22 722 
54 646 
TOTAL OTHER DEBTORS 
20 034 234 
50 066 158

--- Page 213 ---
JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019
55
 
15. ACCRUED INCOME 
 
31.12.2019 
EUR 
31.12.2018 
EUR 
Provisions for revenue from provided services 
 
 
For transmission system service revenue 
6 247 801 
6 300 085 
For transmission asset reconstruction and renovation works 
3 828 182 
4 889 222 
For sale of balancing electricity 
850 470 
1 312 407 
Liquidation of electrical capacity overload 
- 
605 760 
For mandatory purchase component revenue 
379 458 
361 841 
For revenue from reactive electricity 
41 287 
71 115 
For building maintenance service revenue 
41 142 
46 414 
For revenue from sale of regulatory electricity 
34 343 
23 619 
Provisions for loss compensation in transformers 
16 610 
23 925 
For balancing administration service revenue 
3 557 
3 557 
For revenue from other services 
9 947 
54 865 
Total provisions for revenue from provided services 
11 452 797 
13 692 810 
Electricity transit service revenue (ITC) 
858 728 
1 873 974 
Other accrued revenue 
1 465 567 
27 186 
TOTAL ACCRUED REVENUE 
13 777 092 
15 593 970 
 
 
 
 
 
 
16. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
 
EUR 
EUR 
CASH IN THE BANK 
28 216 327 
56 636 900

--- Page 214 ---
56 JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019 
 
17. EQUITY 
As of 31 December 2019, the registered share capital of JSC 
“Augstsprieguma tīkls” is EUR 64 218 079 (EUR 63 139 313 on 
31 December 2018), consisting of 64 218 079 shares 
(63 139 313 shares on 31 December 2018). 
By the 31 May 2019 decision of the Shareholders’ Meeting 
(Protocol No. 3 2§), the share capital of the Company was 
increased by making an investment of EUR 1 078 766. 
The Company determines the amount of profit to be paid out as 
dividends for the reporting year 2019 in accordance with the 
requirements of Article 36 of the “Law On State Budget for 2020”. 
 
The Company has made payments to the state budget for the 
use of state capital from the net profit of the previous year: 
● In 2016 – EUR 155 345; 
● In 2017 – EUR 299 511; 
● In 2018 – EUR 247 395; 
● In 2019 – EUR 3 598 352. 
Reserves consist of retained earnings of the previous period, 
which, by the decision of the owner, are transferred to other 
reserves for the development of the Company. 
 
 
 
 
18. LONG-TERM CREDITORS 
 
 
31.12.2019 
EUR 
31.12.2018 
EUR 
Provisions for post-employment benefit liabilities: 
 
 
At the beginning of the reporting year 
2 918 284 
2 598 729 
Current payroll cost 
225 848 
227 638 
Interest costs 
21 582 
39 235 
Benefits paid 
(93 495) 
(100 705) 
Revaluations due to changes in actuarial assumptions - replaced in 
equity 
(106 006) 
153 387 
At the end of the reporting year 
2 966 213 
2 918 284 
Deferred revenue 
 
 
Long-term share of congestion management revenue received* 
89 963 992 
87 090 454 
TOTAL LONG-TERM CREDITORS 
92 930 205 
90 008 738 
 
* According to the conditions of Article 16 of Regulation (EC) No. 714/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council, “On conditions for 
access to the network for cross-border exchanges in electricity and repealing Regulation (EC) No. 1228/2003”, congestion charge revenue 
received, which is not used to relieve congestion within the transmission system, shall be entered in the balance sheet as deferred income.

--- Page 215 ---
JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019
57
 
19. SHORT-TERM DEFERRED INCOME 
 
 
31.12.2019 
EUR 
31.12.2018 
EUR 
 
Congestion charge income 
4 776 510 
5 041 798 
 
EU financing received 
169 877 
921 041 
 
TOTAL deferred income 
4 946 387 
5 962 839 
 
 
 
 
 
20. ADVANCE PAYMENTS AND OTHER CREDITORS 
 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
 
 
EUR 
EUR 
 
Settlements with employees 
619 356 
602 985 
 
Connection fee advances received * 
82 723 
1 310 742 
 
Other creditors 
2 598 814 
3 089 477 
 
ADVANCE PAYMENTS AND OTHER CREDITORS 
3 300 893 
5 003 204 
 
** JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” provides system participants with necessary connections to the transmission system or an increase of the 
permitted load of existing connections in accordance with the connection rules regarding the fee for system participants, issued by PUC, which 
is determined by the transmission system operator, according to the PUC calculation method for the calculation of the connection fee.

--- Page 216 ---
58 JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019 
 
21. ACCRUED LIABILITIES 
 
31.12.2019 
EUR 
31.12.2018 
EUR 
Accrued liabilities for expenses for services received 
 
 
Lease of fixed assets (transmission assets) 
3 131 548 
3 679 074 
Purchase of balancing electricity 
778 154 
943 151 
Mandatory procurement component 
379 458 
361 841 
Electricity capacity reserve maintenance costs 
345 960 
345 960 
Expenses for telecommunications 
248 305 
240 983 
Transmission asset reconstruction and renovation works 
130 776 
133 963 
Use of synchronous compensators 
76 365 
56 219 
Purchase of regulatory electricity 
47 437 
266 736 
Information Technology Services 
21 679 
22 424 
Electricity for own consumption 
16 770 
- 
Annual review and auditing costs 
16 100 
- 
Liquidation of electrical capacity overload 
- 
26 188 
Creation of intangible investments 
- 
65 292 
Cleaning of power transmission lines 
- 
12 830 
Provisions for other services 
102 427 
109 205 
Total accrued liabilities for expenses for services received 
5 294 979 
6 263 866 
Accrued cost of unused holidays 
657 646 
569 491 
Accrued bonus costs for previous year results 
342 928 
333 661 
Accrued benefit costs and pension plan contributions 
40 818 
34 303 
Accrued liabilities to compensate the transit losses 
25 917 
2 967 
ACCRUED LIABILITIES 
6 362 288 
7 204 288

--- Page 217 ---
JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019
59
 
22. TAXES AND MANDATORY STATE SOCIAL INSURANCE CONTRIBUTIONS 
 
 
31.12.2018 
EUR 
Calculated 
EUR 
Paid/ (repaid) 
EUR 
31.12.2019 
EUR 
 
Corporate income tax 
11 512 
(719 670) 
719 670 
11 512 
 
Value added tax 
(285 910) 
5 583 796 
(5 485 307) 
(187 421) 
 
Mandatory State social insurance contributions 
(405 783) 
(4 363 454) 
4 326 491 
(442 746) 
 
Personal income tax 
(214 902) 
(2 190 559) 
2 172 140 
(233 321) 
 
State risk fee 
(199) 
(2 384) 
2 385 
(198) 
 
Electricity tax 
(403) 
(2 591) 
2 679 
(315) 
 
TOTAL TAXES 
(895 685) 
(1 694 862) 
1 738 058 
(852 489) 
 
Tax obligations 
(907 197) 
- 
- 
(864 001) 
 
Tax overpaid 
11 512 
- 
- 
11 512

--- Page 218 ---
60 JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019 
 
23. FAIR VALUE CONSIDERATIONS 
13. IFRS establishes a hierarchy of valuation techniques based 
on whether observable market data is used in the valuation 
technique or whether there is any observable market data. 
Observable market data is obtained from independent sources. If 
market data is not observable, the valuation technique reflects 
the Company's assumptions about the market situation. This 
hierarchy requires the use of observable market data, if it is 
available. When carrying out the revaluation, the Company shall 
take into account the relevant observable market prices, if it is 
possible. 
The objective of measuring the fair value, even if the market is 
not active, is to determine the transaction price at which market 
participants would be ready to sell the asset or make a 
commitment at a given valuation date under current market 
conditions. 
Several methods are used to determine the fair value of a 
financial instrument: quoted prices or valuation techniques that 
incorporate observable market data and are based on internal 
models. Based on the fair value hierarchy, all valuation 
techniques are divided into Level 1, Level 2, and Level 3. 
The fair value hierarchy level of a financial instrument should be 
designated as the lowest level, if a significant part of their value is 
formed of lower level data. 
The classification of a financial instrument in the fair value 
hierarchy is carried out in two steps: 
1 Classify each level of data to determine the fair value 
hierarchy; 
2. Classify the financial instrument itself on the basis of the 
lowest level, if a significant part of their value is formed of 
lower-level data. 
 
Quoted market prices - Level 1 
The valuation technique in Level 1 uses unadjusted quoted 
prices in an active market for identical assets or liabilities, 
when quoted prices are readily available and the price 
represents the actual market position for the transactions 
under fair competition. 
Valuation techniques, when using market data – Level 2 
In the valuation technique used in Level 2 models, all 
relevant data, directly or indirectly, is observable from the 
asset or liability side. The model uses market data that are 
not the quoted prices at Level 1 but that are observable 
directly (i.e., price) or indirectly (i.e., derived from price). 
Valuation technique using market data that is not based on 
observable market data – Level 3 
In the valuation technique, market data that are not based on 
observable market data (non-observable market data) are 
classified in Level 3. Non-observable market data are the 
data that are not easily available in an active market due to 
the illiquidity of the market or the complexity of the financial 
instrument. Level 3 data are usually determined from 
observable market data of a similar nature, from historical 
observations, or from analytical approaches. 
Assets and liabilities that are presented at fair value or that 
are counted at fair value 
The carrying amount of liquid and short-term (up to three months) 
financial instruments such as cash and cash equivalents, short-
term deposits, short-term trade receivables and debts to 
suppliers and contractors is approximately at their fair value. 
 
Balance item 
Carrying amount 
EUR 
1st pillar 
EUR 
2nd pillar 
EUR 
3rd pillar 
EUR 
31.12.2018 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents 
56 636 900 
- 
56 636 900 
- 
Trade receivables 
1 601 681 
- 
- 
1 601 681 
Deposit 
50 000 000 
- 
50 000 000 
- 
Other long-term financial investments 
1 902 887 
- 
- 
1 902 887 
Other financial assets 
54 646 
- 
 
54 646 
Trade payables 
13 569 641 
- 
- 
13 569 641 
Other financial liabilities 
3 089 477 
- 
- 
3 089 477

--- Page 219 ---
JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019
61
 
Balance item 
Carrying amount 
EUR 
1st pillar 
EUR 
2nd pillar 
EUR 
3rd pillar 
EUR 
31.12.2019 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents 
28 216 327 
- 
28 216 327 
- 
Trade receivables 
7 966 220 
- 
- 
7 966 220 
Deposit 
20,000,000 
- 
20,000,000 
- 
Other long-term financial investments 
1 902 887 
- 
- 
1 902 887 
Other financial assets 
22 722 
- 
- 
22 722 
Trade payables 
6 099 120 
- 
- 
6 099 120 
Other financial liabilities 
2 598 814 
- 
- 
2 598 814 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
24. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT 
(a) Turnover risk 
External circumstances that could have an unintended effect on 
the Company's net sales, affecting its ability to meet its current 
and non-current financial liabilities (solvency), are identified as 
turnover risks. The economic activity of the Company is exposed 
to turnover risks such as service tariff and volume of services. 
Given that, according to Article 9 of the “Law on Public Utilities 
Regulators”, PUC promotes the development of public service 
providers, and according to Article 20, provides that public service 
tariffs shall be set at a level that covers the economically justified 
costs of the public service and ensures the profitability of the 
public service, the impact of the Company’s turnover risks on the 
Company’s liquidity shortage is assessed as low to medium. The 
Company's turnover risks are managed in accordance with 
strategic and operational risk mitigation measures specified in the 
Financial risk management policy, ensuring constant monitoring of 
the service tariffs against the costs related to the provision of the 
services. 
 
(b) Cash flow/balance sheet risks 
Financial means that potentially expose the Company to a 
certain degree of risk concentration are mostly cash and trade 
receivables. Although the Company has a significant 
concentration of risk with respect to one counterparty or a group 
of similar counterparties, this risk is considered to be limited, 
considering that the most important Cooperation partner is the 
state-owned commercial company JSC “Latvenergo”, as well as 
its group companies. Trade receivables are presented according 
to the recoverable value. The Company's cash flow/balance 
sheet risks are managed in accordance with the strategic and 
operational risk mitigation measures specified in the Financial 
risk management policy by performing the analysis of 
receivables every month or at least quarterly. On 31 December 
2019, the amount of delayed bills amounted to EUR 824 341, 
which represents 0.4% of the Company's net turnover, of which 
EUR 569 397 was paid in January 2020. Financial risks arising 
from the Company's cash and deposits with banks are managed 
in accordance with the Company's Financial risk management 
policy. According to this policy, in cooperation with banks and 
financial institutions, such business partners are accepted, 
whose credit rating or credit rating of the parent bank set by an 
international credit rating agency is at least at the investment 
grade level.

--- Page 220 ---
62 JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019 
 
The credit ratings of the banks used by the Company according to the bank credit ratings assigned by Moody’s and the balances on 
current accounts and term deposits with these banks were as follows: 
Balance item 
Credit rating 
31.12.2019 
EUR 
31.12.2018 
EUR 
Cash, including: 
 
 
 
Cash in current accounts, company cards 
Aa2 
28 216 327 
56 636 900 
Total cash 
 
28 216 327 
56 636 900 
Cash with accounts receivables *, including: 
 
 
 
With short-term accounts receivables: 
 
 
 
Deposits with a maturity of between three months and 
twelve months, including: 
Baa1 
20,000,000 
50 000 000 
Total deposits with maturity over three months 
 
20,000,000 
50 000 000 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
(c) Liquidity risk 
The Company complies with prudential liquidity risk management, 
ensuring that appropriate financial resources are available to it for 
the settlement of liabilities within the set time periods. The 
management of the Company expects that it will not have liquidity 
problems and that the Company will be able to settle accounts 
with creditors within the set terms. 
The Company's management believes that the Company will have 
sufficient financial resources to ensure its liquidity is not 
compromised. 
(d) Capital risk management 
The shareholder of the Company is the Ministry of Finance in the 
name of the Republic of Latvia (100%) The objective of capital risk 
management is to ensure the sustainable operation and 
development of the Company. 
In accordance with the separation model of the electricity 
transmission system operator that has been implemented in 
Latvia, the Company leases the assets necessary for the provision 
of transmission system services from JSC “Latvijas elektriskie 
tīkli”. Taking the above mentioned into account, the Company's 
capital structure is characterised by a low equity ratio. Such capital 
structure does not create any risk to the sustainable development 
of the Company, as, according to the Electricity Market Law, 
financing of the Company's capital investments in transmission 
system assets is provided by JSC “Latvijas elektriskie tīkli” as the 
owner of electricity transmission system assets. 
 
(e) Credit risk 
The Company does not use loans to finance its operating 
activities. Financial means that potentially expose the Company 
to a certain degree of risk concentration are mostly cash and 
trade receivables. In accordance with the Accounting policy of the 
Company, impairment allowance for doubtful debts is calculated 
at least quarterly, based on the age of the receivables.

--- Page 221 ---
JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019
63
 
The Company is exposed to credit risk as it is shown in the table below: 
 
 
31.12.2019 
EUR 
31.12.2018 
EUR 
Cash and cash equivalents 
28 216 327 
56 636 900 
Trade receivables and other payables (gross amount) excluding 
advances and prepayments 
7 997 374 
1 619 489 
Total 
36 213 701 
58 256 389 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In addition, the following information regarding credit risk shall be disclosed: 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
 
EUR 
EUR 
Debts that are not overdue 
7 169 245 
70 970 
Overdue debts 
 
 
Up to 3 months 
634 168 
1 527 150 
From 3 to 12 months 
187 633 
5 661 
From 1 to 5 years 
6 328 
11 833 
More than 5 years 
- 
3 875 
TOTAL 
7 997 374 
1 619 489 
 
 
 
 
 
 
25. PROSPECTIVE TAX LIABILITIES 
The tax authorities may carry out an audit of accounts at any time within three years of the tax year and additionally calculate the tax 
liabilities and penalties. The management of the Company is not aware of any circumstances that could create material future 
liabilities.

--- Page 222 ---
64 JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019 
 
26. CAPITAL INVESTMENT LIABILITIES 
According to Article 13 Section 6 of the Electricity Market Law, the 
Company as a transmission system operator shall be responsible 
for the planning, construction, and commissioning of new 
transmission infrastructure objects during the development of the 
transmission system. In view of the above, the Company 
implements capital investment projects in transmission system 
assets in accordance with the ten-year development plan 
approved by the Public utilities regulation commission. 
In accordance with the electricity transmission system operator 
separation model, the owner of the transmission system assets is 
JSC “Latvijas elektriskie tīkli”. 
According to Article 21² Section 3 of the Electricity Market Law, 
the transmission system asset lease agreement of 
30 December 2014 between the Company and JSC “Latvijas 
elektriskie tīkli”, JSC “Latvijas elektriskie tīkli”, as the owner of 
electricity transmission system assets, provides financing to the 
capital investments of the Company for the development of the 
transmission system. Thereby the Company is not exposed to 
credit risk when carrying out capital investment projects, and no 
capital investment liabilities arise. 
 In addition to the financing provided by JSC “Latvijas elektriskie 
tīkli”, co-financing from the European Union is attracted to the 
capital investment projects, including: 
○ 
Grant agreement with INEA (Innovation and Networks 
Executive Agency) concluded in May 2015 for co-financing 
the project “330 kV EPL connection Kurzemes loks” 
Phase 3: 330 kV overhead line “Ventspils – Tume – Imanta” 
co-financing 45% of the eligible costs in the amount of 
EUR 55 089 000 (the project is expected to be completed 
by the end of 2019); 
○ 
In May 2015 an agreement was concluded with INEA to 
receive European Union co-financing for the project 
“Estonia-Latvia Third Interconnection” at 65% of the eligible 
costs in the amount of EUR 63 380 070 (the project is 
expected to be completed by the end of 2020); 
○ 
In May 2017 an agreement was concluded with INEA to 
receive European Union co-financing for the project 
“Construction of 330 kV power line ‘Riga TPP-2 – Riga 
HPP’” at 50% of the eligible costs in the amount of 
EUR 9 990 000 (the project is expected to be completed by 
the end of 2020); 
○ 
On 19 March 2019 an agreement was concluded with INEA 
to receive European Union co-financing for the project 
“Baltic synchronisation project, Phase 1” at 75% of the 
eligible costs in the amount of EUR 57 750 000 (the project 
is expected to be completed by the end of 2025).

--- Page 223 ---
JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019
65
 
27. TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES 
Related parties are state-owned entities that are controlled, 
jointly controlled, or substantially influenced by the state. The 
Company has no significant transactions and other transactions 
which together, but not separately, are material with the 
Government of the Republic of Latvia, government agencies, and 
similar local, national, or international institutions that fall within 
the scope of the standard, 
 
except for the capital company JSC “Latvenergo” and its 
subsidiaries – the owner of transmission assets JSC “Latvijas 
elektriskie tīkli”, the energy supply service provider JSC 
“Latvenergo”, the distribution system operator JSC “Sadales tīkls”, 
the public electricity trader JSC “Enerģijas publiskais tirgotājs”. 
a) Revenue and expenses from transactions with related parties 
 
 
 
31.12.2019 
EUR 
31.12.2018 
EUR 
State controlled companies* 
Income 
 
 
Revenue from the sale of electricity, electric capacity maintenance 
services 
6 262 195 
5 089 993 
Mandatory procurement component 
4 065 761 
4 068 123 
Transport system service 
72 469 813 
72 300 401 
Transmission asset reconstruction and renovation works 
85 727 617 
85 839 950 
Revenue from other services 
749 473 
878 139 
Total revenue from transactions with related companies 
169 274 859 
168 176 607 
 
 
 
 
 
Distributions 
 
 
 
 
Advance payments for connection usage rights 
 
 
33 909 709 
4 118 381 
Electricity purchase 
 
 
13 618 590 
17 255 321 
Right-of-use transmission assets 
 
 
11 493 000 
- 
Mandatory procurement component 
 
 
4 065 761 
4 068 123 
Lease of fixed assets 
 
 
- 
38 698 823 
Communication expenses 
 
 
3 190 660 
3 284 181 
Other costs 
 
 
855 796 
1 194 432 
Total expenses of transactions with related companies 
 
 
67 133 516 
68 619 261 
b) Balances at the end of the year arising from related company transactions 
 
 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
 
 
 
EUR 
EUR 
Accounts receivable: 
 
 
 
 
state controlled companies 
 
 
17 748 534 
12 058 549 
Liabilities of creditors: 
 
 
 
 
state controlled companies 
 
 
5 370 327 
11 844 734

--- Page 224 ---
66 JSC “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” SEPARATE REPORT OF 2019 
 
28. REMUNERATION TO CERTIFIED AUDITORS COMMERCIAL COMPANY 
 
 
2019 
2018 
 
 
EUR 
EUR 
Audit service 
 
22 510 
7 110 
Consulting service 
 
35 000 
- 
TOTAL REMUNERATION TO CERTIFIED AUDITORS 
COMMERCIAL COMPANY 
 
57 510 
7 110 
 
 
 
 
29. EVENTS AFTER THE END OF THE REPORTING YEAR 
According to JSC “Conexus Baltic Grid” annual report of 2019, 
the profit of JSC “Conexus Baltic Grid” for 2019 is EUR 
17 945 thousand. thousand. On 30 April 2020, the shareholders' 
meeting of JSC “Conexus Baltic Grid” decided to pay out a 
dividend of EUR 0.41 per share for the year 2019. Considering 
the number of shares of JSC “Conexus Baltic Grid” owned by the 
Company, the Company will receive EUR 5 605 thousand in 
dividends. thousand. 
Paragraph No. 38 of the protocol decision No. 46 of the Cabinet 
session of 8 October 2019 supported the implementation of the 
full ownership separation model regarding the electric power 
transmission system operator and assigned the task of 
contributing the JSC “Latvijas elektriskie tīkli” shares owned by 
the State to JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” by 1 July 2020. 
In its turn, paragraph No. 75 of the protocol decision No. 59 of the 
Cabinet session of 17 December 2019 stipulated that after the 
contribution of the JSC “Latvijas elektriskie tīkli” shares owned by 
the State to JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls”, reorganisation of JSC 
“Augstsprieguma tīkls” and JSC “Latvijas elektriskie tīkli”, LET 
should take place by incorporating JSC “Latvijas elektriskie tīkli” 
into JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” by 31 December 2020. 
 
After the end of the financial year, in March 2020, restrictions 
related to the spread of the coronavirus were introduced in the 
Republic of Latvia and many other countries, which significantly 
limits economic growth in the country and in the world. It is not 
possible to predict how the situation will develop in the future, and 
therefore there is uncertainty about economic development. The 
Company’s management continuously evaluates the situation, 
and at the time of the approval of the annual report the Company 
has not encountered significant disruptions in its business 
operations, no significant or potentially significant debt losses 
have been identified, and the Company continues to settle 
liabilities in a timely manner. However, this conclusion is based 
on the information available at the time of the preparation of the 
document; as influencing circumstances change, the impact on 
the Company’s operations may differ from the current 
assessment. 
After the end of the reporting period there were no other material 
circumstances or events that could affect the future development 
of the Company.

--- Page 225 ---
INDEPENDENT 
AUDITOR'S 
REPORT

--- Page 226 ---
Deloitte Audits Latvia 
Grēdu Street 4a 
Riga 
LV-1019 
Latvia 
Tel. +371 67 07 4100 
Fax: +371 67 07 4103 
Latvia@deloittece.com 
www2.deloitte.com/lv/en.html 
 
Deloitte refers to one or more of the following: Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited, a UK private company limited by guarantee (“DTTL”), its network of member firms, and their related entities. DTTL and 
each of its member firms are legally separate and independent entities. DTTL (also referred to as “Deloitte Global”) does not provide services to clients. Please see www.deloitte.com/lv/about for a more 
detailed description of DTTL and its member firms. 
In Latvia the services are provided by "Deloitte Audits Latvia" Ltd, "Deloitte Latvia" Ltd and ZAB "Deloitte Legal" (referred to as “Deloitte in Latvia”) which are part of Deloitte Central Europe Holdings Limited. 
Deloitte Latvia is one of the leading professional service organisations in Latvia; it provides services in audit, tax, legal, financial, and corporate risk advisory with its over 150 national and specialised 
expatriate professionals. 
This communication contains general information only, and neither Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited, its member firms, nor their related entities (collectively, the “Deloitte Network”) are, by means of this 
communication, rendering professional advice or services. No entity in the Deloitte Network shall be responsible for any loss whatsoever sustained by any person who relies on this communication. 
© 2020 Deloitte Audits Latvia SIA 
68 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT 
To the shareholder of JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” 
Our Opinion on the Financial Statements 
We have audited the separate financial statements of JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” (the Company) set out on pages 27 to 66 of 
the annual accounts enclosed. The accompanying separate financial statements include: 
• 
Statement of Financial Position on 31 December 2019; 
• 
Profit and loss account for the year ending on 31 December 2019; 
• 
Statement of Comprehensive Income for the year ending on 31 December 2019; 
• 
Statement of changes in equity for the year ending on 31 December 2019; 
• 
Statement of Cash Flows for the year ending on 31 December 2019, as well as 
• 
an attachment to the financial statements which contains a summary of significant accounting principles and other 
explanatory information. 
In our opinion, the accompanying separate financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of JSC 
“Augstsprieguma tīkls” as of 31 December 2019 and of its operating results and cash flow for the year which ended on 
31 December 2019, in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the European Union. 
Basis for the opinion 
In accordance with the Law on Auditing Services of the Republic of Latvia (Law on Auditing Services), we have carried out an 
audit pursuant to the International Standards on Auditing recognised in the Republic of Latvia (hereinafter – ISA). Our obligations 
prescribed in these standards are hereinafter described in the “Auditor’s Responsibility for the Audit of the Financial Statement” 
section of our report. 
We are independent of the Company in accordance with the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants International 
Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) and independence requirements 
included in the Law on Audit Services of the Republic of Latvia that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in the 
Republic of Latvia. We have also fulfilled our other professional ethics responsibilities and objectivity requirements in accordance 
with the International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) and Law on 
Audit Services of the Republic of Latvia.  
We believe that our obtained audit evidence provides sufficient and adequate justification for our opinion. 
Providing other information 
The Company’s management shall be responsible for other information. The other information is composed of: 
• 
information about the Company provided on page 2 of the attached financial statement, 
• 
management report provided on pages 5–24 of the attached annual report. 
Our opinion regarding the financial statements does not pertain to other information included in the annual report, and we do not 
provide any type of certification regarding it, except for that which is indicated in the Other reporting requirements in accordance 
with the requirements of the laws and regulations of the Republic of Latvia section of our report.

--- Page 227 ---
Deloitte Audits Latvia 
Grēdu Street 4a 
Riga 
LV-1019 
Latvia 
Tel. +371 67 07 4100 
Fax: +371 67 07 4103 
Latvia@deloittece.com 
www2.deloitte.com/lv/en.html 
 
Deloitte refers to one or more of the following: Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited, a UK private company limited by guarantee (“DTTL”), its network of member firms, and their related entities. DTTL and 
each of its member firms are legally separate and independent entities. DTTL (also referred to as “Deloitte Global”) does not provide services to clients. Please see www.deloitte.com/lv/about for a more 
detailed description of DTTL and its member firms. 
In Latvia the services are provided by "Deloitte Audits Latvia" Ltd, "Deloitte Latvia" Ltd and ZAB "Deloitte Legal" (referred to as “Deloitte in Latvia”) which are part of Deloitte Central Europe Holdings Limited. 
Deloitte Latvia is one of the leading professional service organisations in Latvia; it provides services in audit, tax, legal, financial, and corporate risk advisory with its over 150 national and specialised 
expatriate professionals. 
This communication contains general information only, and neither Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited, its member firms, nor their related entities (collectively, the “Deloitte Network”) are, by means of this 
communication, rendering professional advice or services. No entity in the Deloitte Network shall be responsible for any loss whatsoever sustained by any person who relies on this communication. 
© 2020 Deloitte Audits Latvia SIA 
69
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (continued) 
In respect of the audit of the financial statements, our obligation is to familiarise ourselves with other information and by doing so, to evaluate 
whether this other information significantly differs from the information of the financial statements or the knowledge which we obtained during 
the audit, or whether it contains any other significant discrepancies. 
If based on the work performed, and taking into account the information and understanding regarding the Company and its working 
environment obtained during the audit, we conclude that other information contains significant discrepancies, our obligation is to report on 
such circumstances. The circumstances which we should report on have not come to our attention. 
Other Reporting Requirements in Accordance with the Requirements of the Laws and Regulations of the Republic of Latvia 
In addition, pursuant to the Law on Auditing Services, our obligation is to provide an opinion as to whether the management report has been 
prepared in accordance with the requirements of the law or regulation governing its preparation and the Law On Annual Financial Statements 
and Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Based on the procedures carried out within the scope of our audit only, in my opinion: 
• 
the information provided in the management report for the reporting year for which the financial statements were prepared conforms to 
the financial statements, and 
• 
the Management Report has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Law On Annual Financial Statements and 
Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Responsibility of the Management and Persons Entrusted with the Company Administration for the Financial Statements 
The management shall be responsible for the preparation of the financial statements, providing a correct and clear idea in accordance with 
IFRS as adopted by the European Union, as well as for maintaining the internal control system, which in the management’s opinion is 
necessary to be able to prepare financial statements without any significant discrepancies caused by fraud or error. 
An obligation of the management when preparing financial statements is to evaluate the Company’s ability to continue operation, if necessary 
providing information regarding the circumstances related to the Company’s ability to continue operation and application of the principle of 
continuation of operation, unless the management is planning the liquidation of the Company or the termination of its operation or it does not 
have any alternative other than the liquidation or termination of operation of the Company. 
The persons entrusted with the administration of the Company are responsible for the supervision of the preparation process of the Company’s 
financial statements. 
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of Financial Statements 
Our goal is to gain sufficient assurance that the financial statements in general do not contain any significant discrepancies caused either by 
fraud or by error and to issue an auditors’ report containing an opinion. Sufficient assurance is a high level of assurance, but it does not 
guarantee that a significant discrepancy will always be detected during the audit carried out in accordance with the ISA, if any exists. 
Discrepancies may occur as a result of fraud or error, and they are considered significant if it can be justly believed that they each individually 
or altogether could affect the economic decisions that the users adopt based on these financial statements. By carrying out an audit in 
accordance with ISA, during the entire audit process we make professional judgements and maintain professional scepticism. We also:

--- Page 228 ---
Deloitte Audits Latvia 
Grēdu Street 4a 
Riga 
LV-1019 
Latvia 
Tel. +371 67 07 4100 
Fax: +371 67 07 4103 
Latvia@deloittece.com 
www2.deloitte.com/lv/en.html 
 
Deloitte refers to one or more of the following: Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited, a UK private company limited by guarantee (“DTTL”), its network of member firms, and their related entities. DTTL and 
each of its member firms are legally separate and independent entities. DTTL (also referred to as “Deloitte Global”) does not provide services to clients. Please see www.deloitte.com/lv/about for a more 
detailed description of DTTL and its member firms. 
In Latvia the services are provided by "Deloitte Audits Latvia" Ltd, "Deloitte Latvia" Ltd and ZAB "Deloitte Legal" (referred to as “Deloitte in Latvia”) which are part of Deloitte Central Europe Holdings Limited. 
Deloitte Latvia is one of the leading professional service organisations in Latvia; it provides services in audit, tax, legal, financial, and corporate risk advisory with its over 150 national and specialised 
expatriate professionals. 
This communication contains general information only, and neither Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited, its member firms, nor their related entities (collectively, the “Deloitte Network”) are, by means of this 
communication, rendering professional advice or services. No entity in the Deloitte Network shall be responsible for any loss whatsoever sustained by any person who relies on this communication. 
© 2020 Deloitte Audits Latvia SIA 
70 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (continued) 
● 
identify and assess the risks that the financial statements could contain significant discrepancies caused by fraud or by error, 
develop and perform the audit procedures to mitigate these risks, and obtain audit evidence which gives us sufficient and 
appropriate justification for our opinion. A risk that significant discrepancies due to fraud will not be detected is higher than the risk 
that discrepancies caused by an error will not be detected, because fraud can involve secret agreements, falsification of 
documents, failure to provide information with intention, incorrect indication of information, or violations of internal control; 
● 
gain an understanding regarding internal control, which is significant for carrying out the audit to develop the audit procedures 
appropriate for the specific circumstances, but not to give an opinion regarding efficiency of the internal control of the Company; 
● 
assess the conformity of the applied accounting policy with the justification of the accounting estimates and the relevant 
information provided by the management; 
● 
draw conclusions on conformity of the principle of continuation of operation applied by the management, and, based on the 
obtained audit evidence, regarding whether a significant uncertainty exists in respect of events or circumstances that can cause 
significant doubts regarding the Company’s ability to continue operation. If we conclude that a significant uncertainty exists, 
attention is turned to information provided in the financial statements regarding these circumstances in the auditors’ report; if such 
information has not been provided, we issue a modified opinion. Our conclusions are justified by the audit evidence obtained prior 
to the date of the auditors’ report. The Company under the influence of future events or circumstances can, however, discontinue 
its operation; 
● 
evaluate the overall structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosed information and explanations in the 
annex, or whether the financial statements correctly show the transactions and events on the basis of the statements. 
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and 
significant findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit. 
Deloitte Audits Latvia SIA 
Licence No. 43 
Inguna Staša 
Member of the Board 
Sworn auditor 
Certificate No. 145 
Riga, Latvia 
15 May 2020

--- Page 230 ---
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND 
AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS” UNAUDITED CONDENSED 
INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the 6 month period 
from 01.01.2021. until 30.06.2021.
Prepared in accordance 
with the 34.International 
Accounting Standard
FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 231 ---
Information about the Group and the Company	
3
Key financial and operational indicators	
5
Management Report	
6
Statement of Board’s responsibility	
17
Consolidated and separate financial statements	
19
Condensed profit or loss statement	
20
Condensed statement of comprehensive income	
21
Condensed statement of financial position as at 30 June 2021	
22
Condensed statement of changes in equity	
24
Condensed cash flow statement	
26
Notes to the consolidated and separate financial statements	 28
CONTENTS
2
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 232 ---
INFORMATION 
ABOUT THE GROUP 
AND THE COMPANY

--- Page 233 ---
INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP AND THE COMPANY
Name of the parent company
Akciju sabiedrība “Augstsprieguma tīkls”
Legal status of the parent company
Joint Stock Company
Registration number, place and date 
of the parent company
000357556
Riga, 28 December 2001
Re-registration in the Commercial Register was performed
on 13 November 2004
under unified registration number
40003575567
Address
Dārzciema iela 86
Riga, LV-1073
Latvia
Type of principal activity of the 
parent company
Electricity supply, NACE code 35.12
Type of principal activity of the 
Group 
Electricity supply, NACE code 35.12 and
Pipeline transport (NACE code 49.50)
Parent company shareholder
From 2 January 2012:
Ministry of Finance in the name of the Republic of Latvia (100%)
Smilšu iela 1, Riga, LV-1050, Latvia
Names, surnames and positions held 
of the board members
Gunta Jēkabsone – Chairperson of the Board (from 15.07.2021)
Imants Zviedris - Board Member
Gatis Junghāns - Board Member
Mārcis Kauliņš - Board Member
Arnis Daugulis - Member of the Board (from 15.07.2021.)
Varis Boks - Chairperson of the Board (until 31.03.2021)
Arnis Staltmanis - Board Member (until 07.04.2021)
Names, surnames and positions held 
of Supervisory Board members
Kaspars Āboliņš — Council Chairperson
Olga Bogdanova — Deputy Council Chairperson
Armands Eberhards — Council Member
Madara Melne — Council Member 
Aigars Ģērmanis — Council Member
Participation in other companies
JSC “Conexus Baltic Grid” (68.46% from 21.07.2020; 34.36% until 
20.07.2020.)
Accounting period
1 January 2021 – 30 June 2021
4
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 234 ---
KEY FINANCIAL AND OPERATIONAL INDICATORS
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls”
GROUP
FINANCIAL INDICATORS
6 months 
of 2021
6 months 
of 2020
6 months 
of 2021
6 months 
of 2020
Revenue, thous. EUR
50 905
80 156
80 353
72 847
EBITDA, thous. EUR
23 005
21 667
42 298
21 970
Profit, thous. EUR
63 805
7 494
14 135
11 819
30.06.2021
31.12.2020
30.06.2021
31.12.2020
Balance sheet total, thous. EUR
922 222
905 527
1 219 395
1 213 515
Equity, thous. EUR
440 615
384 809
617 671
639 203
Loans, thous. EUR
156 200
202 872
240 203
224 747
Cash and its equivalents, thous. EUR*
72 316
57 225
74 721
72 388
FINANCIAL RATIOS
Liquidity total ratio
1.8
4.7
1.2
2.0
EBITDA Profitability
45%
27%
52%
30%
Equity ratio (≥35%)
48%
42%
51%
53%
OPERATIONAL INDICATORS
6 months 
of 2021
6 months 
of 2020
6 months 
of 2021
6 months 
of 2020
Electricity transmitted to users in Latvia, MWh
3 087 048
2 925 788
3 087 048
2 925 788
Capital investments in the electricity transmission 
system, thousand EUR
11 632
36 084
11 632
36 084
* including short-term deposits with a maturity of less than 3 months
	
EBITDA –	 earnings before interest, financial income, taxes, depreciation and amortisation
	Total liquidity ratio –	 current assets/current liabilities (excluding the part of the short-term loan to be 
refinanced in 2021)
	EBITDA profitability –	EBITDA/revenue
	
Equity ratio =	 Equity/Balance sheet total
	
Net borrowings =	 borrowings - cash and cash equivalents (including short-term deposits with original 
maturity of less than 3 months)
5
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 235 ---
MANAGEMENT 
REPORT

--- Page 236 ---
SIGNIFICANT FACTS AND EVENTS
THE PRICE OF ELECTRICITY IS RISING 
SIGNIFICANTLY
In June 2021, the average electricity price on the 
Nord Pool (NP) stock exchange in the Latvian trading 
area was 76.23 EUR/MWh and, compared to May, 
the price increased by 57.4%, but compared to June 
of the previous year, when it was 31.80 EUR/MWh, 
the price has increased by 140%. One of the most 
important factors in the rise in electricity prices is 
the growing prices for energy resources, incl. prices 
for natural gas and carbon allowances.
INVESTMENTS IN THE SECURITY OF THE ENERGY 
SUPPLY: THE THIRD ESTONIA-LATVIA 330KV 
INTERCONNECTION HAS BEEN PUT INTO 
OPERATION
The State Construction Control Bureau (SCCB) has 
put into operation the project “The third 330kV 
interconnection of Estonia and Latvia” developed 
by JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls”. The project “Third 
Estonia – Latvia 330 kV Interconnection” is also 
important for the security of the energy supply 
and stable operation of the electricity transmission 
network both in Latvia and in the Baltics as a whole.
THE AMOUNT OF ELECTRICITY TRANSMITTED TO 
CONSUMERS IN LATVIA IS 6% HIGHER THAN IN 
THE PREVIOUS YEAR
In the 6 months of 2021, the amount of electricity 
transmitted to the users of JSC “Augstsprieguma 
tīkls” in Latvia was 3 087 GWh, which is 6% more than 
in the corresponding period of the previous year 
(2 926 GWh).
THE VOLUME OF NATURAL GAS TRANSPORTED IS 
31% HIGHER THAN A YEAR EARLIER
In the 6 months of 2021 a subsidiary of the 
Augstsprieguma tīkls group, the natural gas 
transmission operator JSC “Conexus Baltic Grid”, 
ensured a continuous supply of natural gas for the 
needs of Latvia, Lithuania, Estonia, Finland and 
Russia. The total amount of natural gas transported 
reached 22.2 TWh, exceeding the previous year 
by 31%.
FOR THE THIRD TIME - A PLATINUM RATING IN 
THE SUSTAINABILITY INDEX
For the third time already, JSC “Augstsprieguma 
tīkls” received the highest award, the Platinum 
Award, of the Sustainability Index managed by the 
Corporate Sustainability and Responsibility Institute, 
demonstrating the compliance of its corporate 
responsibility level with the strictest of standards 
and showing that the company cares about the 
welfare of its employees and clients.
ABOUT THE AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP
THE PRINCIPAL ACTIVITY OF THE 
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP is the provision of 
electricity transmission system operator functions, 
efficient management of energy supply system 
assets, natural gas transmission and storage.
As of 30 June 2021, the Augstsprieguma tīkls 
group structure consists of a group of commercial 
companies in which the parent company 
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” (hereinafter also - AST or 
the Parent Company) has a decisive influence, and 
which includes the subsidiary JSC “Conexus Baltic 
Grid “(hereinafter also - Conexus or the Subsidiary).
All shares of JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” are owned 
by the state and their holder is the Ministry of 
Finance of the Republic of Latvia.
The structure of the Augstsprieguma tīkls group is 
organised in two operating segments: electricity 
transmission and transmission and storage of natural 
gas. The division is made on the basis of the Group’s 
internal organisational structure, which forms the 
basis for monitoring and control of the segment’s 
performance.
The OVERALL STRATEGIC GOAL of the 
Augstsprieguma tīkls group is to ensure the security 
of the energy supply of Latvia, provide a continuous, 
high-quality and affordable energy transmission 
service, as well as to implement sustainable 
management of the energy supply assets of strategic 
importance to the country and facilitate their 
integration in the internal energy market of the 
European Union.
Our MISSION is to ensure continuous, secure 
and sustainably efficient electricity transmission 
throughout Latvia.
7
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 237 ---
Augstsprieguma tīkls group’s  
STRATEGIC DEVELOPMENT IS FOCUSED ON:
TRANSFORMATION
QUALITY ENERGY 
SUPPLY
Innovation-orientated 
energy supply at the lowest 
possible tariff
FINANCIAL 
STABILITY
To ensure optimum 
return of public 
contributions, financial 
risk management
ENERGY SECURITY 
Synchronisation and integration with 
European transmission networks, 
including in the electricity and 
auxiliary service markets
RESPONSIBILITY 
TO EMPLOYEES 
AND SOCIETY
Safe working environment, 
engaged employee and 
social responsibility to 
society 
SUSTAINABLE AND EFFICIENT MANAGEMENT
Constant improvement of efficiency, modern and transparent management
DIGITAL
GREEN
ELECTRICITY TRANSMISSION
According to the issued licence No. E12001 and 
Section 11, Paragraph one of the Electricity Market 
Law, the Joint Stock Company “Augstsprieguma tīkls” 
is the only electricity transmission system operator 
(hereinafter also - TSO) in Latvia, and its licence area 
is the entire territory of Latvia. JSC “Augstsprieguma 
tīkls” ensures continuous, secure and sustainably 
efficient electricity transmission throughout Latvia.
According to Section 5 of the Energy Law, electricity 
transmission is a regulated sector. The sole 
shareholder of the parent company is the Republic 
of Latvia being represented by the Ministry of 
Finance (100%).
Quality Management System and Values
The Parent Company has developed, implemented, 
and maintains the management system of the 
company in accordance with the requirements of 
ISO 9001:2015 (quality), ISO 14001:2015 (environment), 
ISO 45001:2018 (OHSAS 18001:2007) (occupational 
safety), ISO 50001:2011 (energy management).
The implemented Integrated Management System 
ensures the efficient operation of AST, observing 
internationally accepted operating mechanisms 
regarding quality, energy management, environment 
protection, occupational and occupational health 
management, ensuring correct compliance with 
regulatory requirements, promoting awareness of 
8
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 238 ---
the business context of AST, taking the view of AST’s 
risks and processes into account.
The parent company has developed a quality policy 
which defines the following AST CORE VALUES 
based on the Energy Law, the Electricity Market Law 
and the Network Code:
TRUST
GROWTH
SAFETY
TEAM
HONESTY
Independent, ethical 
and transparent action 
towards anyone and 
everyone
WISDOM
Effectively. Looking 
forward. Long-term 
thinking
RESPONSIBILITY
Deliberate action. With 
high responsibility 
towards work, people 
and nature
TOGETHER
We join forces to 
achieve more. Strong 
team that encourages 
and challenges
Corporate and Social Responsibility
The strategic direction of the parent company is 
focused on sustainable development. The company 
participates in the annual Sustainability Index 
organized by the Institute of Corporate Sustainability 
and Responsibility, where in 2021, FOR THE THIRD 
TIME, A HIGH PLATINUM RATING WAS OBTAINED, 
which confirms compliance with the strictest 
standards of corporate responsibility and shows that 
the company cares about the welfare its employees 
and clients. The title of the Ministry of Welfare 
“FAMILY-FRIENDLY MERCHANT“ has also been 
received.
Since 2017, in addition to AST financial statements, 
a non-financial report - SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 
- has been prepared in accordance with the Global 
Sustainability Reporting Guidelines, the Core 
Approach issued by the non-profit organisation 
Global Reporting Initiative (GRI).
The Sustainability Report covers corporate 
social responsibility, economic responsibility, 
responsibility to society, employees and the work 
environment, environmental protection and other 
relevant aspects. The Sustainability Report 2020 
of Augstsprieguma tīkls is available on the 
Augstsprieguma tīkls website at www.ast.lv. 
The Parent Company has developed and approved 
a CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY POLICY. 
Corporate and social responsibility (hereinafter - 
CSR) policy defines the forms, basic principles and 
directions of CSR, as well as criteria for choosing 
activities.
The goal of the Parent Company’s ENVIRONMENTAL 
POLICY is to continuously improve environmental 
performance by preventing or reducing harmful 
effects on the environment, rationally using natural 
resources and introducing the best available 
techniques in all areas of activity.
The Parent Company systematically performs risk 
assessments, and environmental programmes 
are established to prevent significant risks. A 
register of environmental events is maintained. Key 
environmental pollution indicators are periodically 
controlled in accordance with the environment 
monitoring plan. The overall environmental risk is 
low.
Increased attention is paid to energy efficiency 
issues. The goal of the Parent Company’s ENERGY 
MANAGEMENT POLICY is to continuously improve 
the Company’s energy performance by reducing 
technical and technological losses, improving the 
energy consumption indicators of the company’s 
facilities and improving the company’s vehicle 
purchase and use strategy.
9
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 239 ---
TRANSMISSION AND STORAGE OF NATURAL GAS
Considering the Parent Company’s investment in 
its subsidiary Latvian natural gas transmission and 
storage system operator JSC “Conexus Baltic Grid”, 
an important direction of the Group’s activities is the 
sustainable management of strategically important 
energy supply assets and their integration into the 
European Union (hereinafter - the EU) internal 
energy market.
JSC “Conexus Baltic Grid” is the unified natural 
gas transmission and storage operator in Latvia, 
managing one of the most modern natural 
gas storage facilities in Europe - the Inčukalns 
underground gas storage facility (hereinafter - the 
Inčukalns UGS, storage facility) and the main natural 
gas transmission system directly connecting the 
Latvian natural gas market with Lithuania, Estonia 
and the North-West region of Russia.
Conexus offers its customers natural gas 
transmission and storage services in accordance 
with the tariffs set by the Public Utilities Commission.
Conexus VISION is to promote the development of 
the transmission system and use the potential of 
the underground gas storage to become the most 
reliable energy source in the region.
Conexus MISSION is to promote the sustainable 
operation of the energy market in the region by 
ensuring the reliable operation of the natural gas 
transmission and storage system.
Conexus VALUES:
	 Safe operation of the system - we take care 
of the safe operation of the infrastructure by 
performing regular infrastructure monitoring.
	 Flexibility and openness through competent 
solutions - we support market development 
and are open to new solutions that support 
market development.
	 Sustainable development - in order to protect 
the population and the environment from 
potential security risks, we regularly invest in 
the modernisation and increase of security of 
the gas system, as well as in the development 
of the technological system.
	 Professional and united team - we value 
professionalism in everything, and we can be 
relied on by colleagues, clients and partners.
SUSTAINABILITY - Conexus is a socially responsible 
company that ensures the growth of employees and 
the overall development of the industry, creating 
sustainable employment and added economic value, 
while taking care of the impact of technological 
processes on the environment.
The investment of AST in Conexus is managed 
in accordance with the Company’s Corporate 
Governance Policy, subject to good governance 
practices. The Corporate governance policy of AST 
is based on the principles of global best practice 
set out in the OECD Guidelines on Corporate 
Governance of State-Owned Enterprises. Conexus 
is managed by AST exercising its set of shareholder 
rights and obligations under the Law on Governance 
of Capital Shares of a Public Person and Capital 
Companies (hereinafter – PPKPL) and the 
Commercial Law, including appointing members of 
the supervisory board to represent shareholders’ 
interests between shareholders’ meetings and 
oversee the board.
10
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 240 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT
Electricity Transmission
Electricity transmission is carried out by the 
transmission system operator through a transmission 
system that includes interconnected networks and 
equipment, including cross-border connections, 
with a voltage of 110 kilovolts or more, that are used 
for transmission to the relevant distribution system 
or users.
The activities of the electricity transmission system 
operator are regulated by the Public Utilities 
Commission (hereinafter - PUC) under the guidance 
of its Supervisory board.
During the reporting period, the obligations imposed 
on the Transmission system operator were fulfilled 
through the following transmission network:
Highest voltage (kV) 
Number of 
substations (pcs) 
Number of 
autotransformers and 
transformers (pcs) 
Installed power (MVA) 
Transmission Lines 
(km)
330 kV
17
27
4 000
1 742.13
110 kV
123
246
5 231
3 870.78
TOTAL
140
273
9 231
5 612.1
In the 6 months of 2021, 3 087 GWh were transmitted 
to users in Latvia, which is 6% more than in the 
corresponding period of 2020 (2 926 GWh).
5000
4000
3000
2000
1000
0
6 MONTHS OF 2021
6 MONTHS OF 2020
6 MONTHS OF 2019
4 749
3 087
2 926
97
112
114
3 009
4 590
5 036
Electricity received in the transmission 
network, GWh
Electricity transmitted to users in Latvia, GWh
Transmission losses, technological 
consumption, GWh
Transmission and Storage of Natural 
Gas
JSC “Conexus Baltic Grid” is the only natural 
gas transmission and storage operator in Latvia, 
which ensures the maintenance of the natural gas 
transmission system, its safe and uninterrupted 
operation, and interconnections with transmission 
systems of other countries, enabling traders to use 
the natural gas transmission system for natural gas 
trade.
The main natural gas transmission system is 1 188 km 
long and is directly connected to the natural gas 
transmission systems of Lithuania, Estonia and 
Russia, providing both natural gas transmission in 
regional gas pipelines on the territory of Latvia and 
interconnections with the natural gas transmission 
systems of neighbouring countries.
In the first six months of 2021, the total amount 
of gas transported reached 22.2 TWh, which is an 
increase of 31% compared to the same period a 
year ago. During the reporting period, the volumes 
of transported gas for the needs of Latvian users 
increased by 17%, reaching 32% of the total 
transported flows.
The natural gas storage segment provides the natural 
gas storage required for the heating season and 
other needs of the system users in the Inčukalns 
underground gas storage (UGS).
11
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 241 ---
SEGMENT PERFORMANCE RESULTS
During the reporting period, Augstsprieguma tīkls 
group’s net turnover was 80 353 thousand EUR, net 
profit was 14 135 thousand EUR.
SEGMENT INFORMATION
 
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls”
Group
6 months of 2021 or 
30.06.2021 
thous. EUR
6 months of 2020 or 
30.06.2020 
thous. EUR
6 months of 2021 or 
30.06.2021 
thous. EUR
6 months of 2020 or 
30.06.2020 
thous. EUR
Net turnover
Electricity Transmission
50 905
80 156 
80 353
80 156
Gas transmission
-
- 
18 450
-
Gas storage
- 
- 
10 998
-
EBITDA
Electricity Transmission
23 005
21 667 
23 005
21 667
Gas transmission
- 
-
12 472
-
Gas storage
- 
- 
6 821
-
Electricity transmission segment
The net turnover of the segment was 
EUR 50 905 thousand, including revenue from 
electricity transmission network services of 
EUR 38 166 thousand, which makes up 75% of the 
segments’ net turnover. Segment profit in the 
reporting period was 5 519 thousand EUR. Changes 
in both the net turnover and the amount of profit 
in 2021, compared to 2020, are related to the reform 
of the ownership rights of the transmission system 
assets implemented in 2020. 
When evaluating the segment’s financial 
performance indicators and economic performance 
indicators, it should be taken into account that 
in accordance with Article 5 of the Energy Law, 
electricity transmission is a regulated sector, PUC 
determines the allowed profit by determining the 
rate of return on capital, approving electricity 
transmission system service tariffs.
The profitability of the segment from provision of 
electricity transmission services complies with the 
terms and conditions of Tariff methodology of the 
Electricity Transmission System Services.
The procedure for determining and calculating 
remuneration is regulated in the parent company’s 
internal regulatory documents in accordance with 
the requirements of the legislation of the Republic of 
Latvia.
Natural gas transmission  
and storage segment
In January-June 2021, the total net turnover of 
the segments was EUR 29 447 thousand, profit 
EUR 8 138 thousand. Revenues of the natural gas 
transmission segment in January-June 2021 were 
EUR 18 450 thousand, of the natural gas storage 
segment - EUR 10 998 thousand.
In the first six months of 2021, the revenue of the 
transmission segment was positively affected by the 
actual air temperatures, which were lower in the 
winter months than in the corresponding months 
of 2020. As a result, the total demand of consumers 
for gas heating needs was higher than in the 
corresponding period of the previous year.
Natural gas transmission and storage is a regulated 
operating segment. Revenues of the transmission 
segment are calculated in accordance with the 
methodology, return on capital approved by the 
PUC.
12
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 242 ---
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
Financial Risk Management of the Augstsprieguma 
tīkls group is implemented in accordance with the 
Financial Risk Management Policy and its subordinate 
Financial Risk Management Regulations.
Group companies, in which the interest of 
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” is less than 100%, 
however, have a direct decisive influence on the 
basis of participation within the meaning of the 
Group Law, and develop and approve their Financial 
Risk Management Policies, if necessary, which are in 
line with the basic principles of the Group’s policy.
The management of financial resources is focused 
on ensuring the financing of its business activities 
and financial stability by implementing conservative 
financial risk management. As part of financial risk 
management, the Parent Company uses financial risk 
controls and implements risk mitigation measures to 
reduce the risk in open positions.
The Parent Company complies with prudential 
liquidity risk management, ensuring that appropriate 
financial resources are available to it for the 
settlement of liabilities within the set time periods. 
The financial assets that potentially expose the 
Parent Company to a certain degree of risk 
concentration are mainly cash and trade receivables. 
Although the Parent Company has a significant risk 
concentration in relation to one counterparty or a 
group of similar counterparties, this risk is assessed 
as limited, taking into account the fact that the most 
important Parent Company’s cooperation partner is 
the state-owned company “Latvenergo”, as well as 
the capital companies of its Group. Trade receivables 
are presented according to the recoverable value.
In cooperation with banks and financial institutions, 
such business partners are accepted, the credit 
rating or credit rating of the parent bank of which, 
set by an international credit rating agency, is at least 
at the investment grade level.
The management forecasts that it will not have 
liquidity problems and the Augstsprieguma tīkls 
group will be able to settle with creditors within the 
set deadlines. The management believes that the 
Augstsprieguma tīkls group will have sufficient cash 
resources so that its liquidity will not be endangered.
Financing and liquidity
Pursuant to the decisions of the sitting of the 
Cabinet of Ministers of the Republic of Latvia of 
8 October 2019 and 17 December 2019, in 2020 
the reorganisation of the ownership rights of the 
transmission system assets was implemented.
On 10 June 2020, the former subsidiary of 
JSC “Latvenergo”, the owner of the transmission 
system assets JSC “Latvijas elektriskie tīkli”, was 
separated from the Latvenergo group and on 
15 June 2020, JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” was 
invested. According to the decision of the Enterprise 
Register of the Republic of Latvia of 25 November 
2020, on 25 November 2020, JSC “Latvijas elektriskie 
tīkli” was excluded from the Enterprise Register and 
was added to JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls”.
JSC “Latvijas elektriskie tīkli” received loans from the 
parent company JSC “Latvenergo” in accordance 
with the agreement “On provision of mutual financial 
resources” concluded within the Latvenergo group 
to ensure the functions of the transmission system 
asset owner until the change of shareholder. 
On 8 May 2020, an agreement was concluded 
between the parent company JSC “Latvenergo” 
and JSC “Latvijas elektriskie tīkli” on merging the 
long-term loans of JSC “Latvijas elektriskie tīkli”, 
refinancing the previously concluded loans in the 
amount of EUR 184 725 thousand, and envisaging a 
new loan repayment schedule, as well as setting a 
fixed interest rate in accordance with the weighted 
average interest rate at which JSC “Latvenergo” 
attracts loans in the external market.
After investing the shares of JSC “Latvijas elektriskie 
tīkli” in JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls”, the Company 
ensures the attraction of the borrowed capital 
necessary for financing capital investments. The 
amount of borrowings of JSC “Latvijas elektriskie 
tīkli” from the parent company JSC “Latvenergo” 
on 16 June 2020, the shares of which were invested 
in JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls”, was 225 232 thousand 
EUR.
On 18 June 2020, JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” 
concluded a loan agreement with JSC “SEB 
banka” for EUR 116 200 thousand with a maturity 
of 18 months and an interest rate of 3 months 
EURIBOR and the added interest rate (see also 
Annex 20). The purpose of this loan is to partially 
refinance the liabilities of JSC “Latvijas elektriskie 
tīkli” to JSC “Latvenergo”. Using the loan of 
JSC “SEB banka” and the own funds available to 
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls”, on 19 June 2020 the 
loan from JSC “Latvenergo” was refinanced in the 
amount of EUR 138 560 thousand. AST agreed to 
repay the remaining part of the loan to Latvenergo 
in the amount of EUR 86 672 thousand in two equal 
instalments in 2022 and 2023.
In order to ensure efficient management of available 
funds, an agreement on early repayment of the loan 
was concluded between AST and JSC “Latvenergo” 
on 18 June 2021, providing for repayment of EUR 
46 672 thousand of the loan principal in June 2021 
and repayment of the remaining EUR 40 000 
thousand in July 2021.
13
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 243 ---
According to the above, on 30 June 2021, the AST 
loan basket consists of a loan from JSC “Latvenergo” 
of EUR 40 000 thousand with a repayment date 
of July 2021 and a loan from JSC “SEB banka” of 
EUR 116 200 thousand with a repayment term of 
December 2021.
The Board of JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” has 
approved the Financing Attraction Strategy for 
2021–2025; a refinancing plan for existing liabilities 
has been developed and approved. In 2021 it is 
planned to refinance the JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” 
loan against JSC “SEB banka” in the amount of EUR 
116 200 thousand by issuing bonds. The Company’s 
management believes that JSC “Augstsprieguma 
tīkls” will be able to attract the necessary resources 
to refinance the loans.
For the financing of working capital, an 
overdraft agreement was concluded between 
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” and JSC “SEB banka” for 
up to EUR 20 000 thousand. During the reporting 
period, JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” did not receive 
any loans within the framework of the overdraft 
agreement.
The natural gas operator JSC Conexus Baltic Grid 
attracts external financing with its own resources.
In October 2020, the Company initiated the credit 
rating procedure by concluding an agreement with 
the international credit rating agency S&P Global 
Ratings. The international credit rating agency S&P 
Global Ratings (S&P) has for the first time assessed 
and ASSIGNED THE LONG-TERM CREDIT RATING 
BBB+/STABLE TO THE LATVIAN TRANSMISSION 
SYSTEM OPERATOR JSC “ AUGSTSPRIEGUMA 
TĪKLS.
ELECTRICITY TRANSMISSION SYSTEM SERVICES TARIFF
The electricity transmission services tariffs are 
determined in accordance with the “Methodology 
for calculating tariffs for electricity transmission 
system services” approved by the PUC. In 2021, 
transmission system services were provided at 
tariffs approved by the PUC Council Decision of 26 
November 2020.
By the PUC Council Decision No. 153 of 26 November 
2020, tariffs for electricity transmission services 
for the regulatory period from 1 January 2021 to 
31 December 2022 were approved. In the draft 
tariff developed by the parent company, the costs 
of transmission services are 5% lower than in the 
current tariff.
The Parent Company has set the implementation 
of measures to reduce the increase in electricity 
transmission system service tariffs as one of 
the priority objectives. In order to achieve the 
set goal, the Parent Company actively attracts 
European Union (EU) co-financing to finance capital 
investments. Currently, EU co-financing is attracted 
for five capital investment projects. In addition, in 
order to minimise the impact on the transmission 
tariffs, the Company redistributes the accumulated 
transmission congestion income to finance the 
capital investments.
In 2021, it is planned to continue the activities started 
in 2017 in improving the efficiency of the Parent 
Company’s business processes and optimising costs.
As a result AST’s activities, 84% OF THE FINANCING 
REQUIRED FOR THE IMPLEMENTATION OF 
THE DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS INCLUDED IN 
THE EUROPEAN TEN-YEAR DEVELOPMENT 
PLAN IS COVERED BY EU CO-FINANCING AND 
TRANSMISSION CONGESTION INCOME, THUS 
REDUCING THE IMPACT ON THE ELECTRICITY 
TRANSMISSION SYSTEM SERVICE TARIFFS.
14
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 244 ---
FURTHER DEVELOPMENT
Synchronization of the Baltic States 
with Continental Europe
The main challenges for the upcoming years will be 
related to THE SYNCHRONISATION OF THE BALTIC 
COUNTRIES WITH CONTINENTAL EUROPE. 
On 22 May 2019, AST signed the Agreement on the 
conditions of the future interconnection of the 
power system of the Baltic States and continental 
Europe. The annexes to the concluded connection 
agreement to the continental European electricity 
system set out the technical requirements to be met 
by the Baltic TSOs before and after the start of the 
synchronization process. These requirements are 
related to changes in settings in the transmission 
system, investments in infrastructure development, 
and the obligations of TSOs to maintain a certain 
amount of frequency maintenance, frequency 
renewal reserves, as well as to ensure system inertia.
Synchronisation of the Baltic states with continental 
Europe is expected by 2025. Synchronisation will 
result in the Baltic electric power transmission 
system becoming part of the European system, 
meaning more independence from Russia and a 
more reliable electric power supply.
Development of the Electricity 
Transmission System
The decision of the PUC Council of 20 October 
2020 “On the Development Plan of the Electricity 
Transmission System” approved the development 
plan of the electricity transmission system developed 
by AST for the period from 2021 to 2030 (hereinafter 
also - the Development Plan).
THE DEVELOPMENT PLAN HAS BEEN DEVELOPED 
IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE STRATEGIC GOAL 
OF AST – strengthening Latvia’s energy security by 
synchronising the Latvian electricity transmission 
network with the continental European network, 
observing compliance with the principles of security 
and cost-effectiveness.
The approved Development Plan determines 
the development of the transmission system 
and the necessary financial investments in the 
transmission infrastructure for the next 10 years, 
envisaging the INVESTMENT OF EUR 405 MILLION 
IN THE DEVELOPMENT OF THE ELECTRICITY 
TRANSMISSION SYSTEM, EUR. It is possible to get 
acquainted in detail with the approved Development 
Plan at: https://www.ast.lv/sites/default/files/editor/
AST_Attistibas_plans_2021_2030.pdf
In order to minimise the impact of the planned 
capital investments on electricity transmission tariffs, 
AST has successfully attracted EU co-financing for 
projects of common European interest included in 
the Development Plan, including:
	 The third Estonia – Latvia 330 kV 
interconnection – EU co-financing of up 
to 65% of eligible costs, or EUR 51 198 thousand 
has been attracted.
	 The Project “Synchronisation of the Baltic 
Power System with the Trans-European 
Network, Phase 1” – EU co-financing of 
up to 75% of eligible costs, or EUR 57 750 
thousand.
	 Project “Synchronisation of the Baltic 
Electricity Transmission System with the 
European Network, Phase 2” - in 2020 EU 
co-financing of 75% of the eligible costs or 
EUR 55 500 thousand has been attracted for 
urgent projects of Phase 2. In 2021, it is planned 
to submit EU co-financing for the remaining 
part of the project.
During the reporting period, the project “Third 
Estonia-Latvia 330 kV interconnection” was put into 
operation. EUR 82 784 thousand has been invested 
in the mentioned project. Implementation of the 
project in the amount of 50% was co-financed by the 
European Union from the funds of the Connecting 
Europe Facility (CEF). To reduce the impact of the 
project on the electricity transmission tariff, the 
additional financing was received from congestion 
charge revenues of 30 508 thousand EUR.
The company has developed and on 28 June 2021 
submitted for consideration to the PUC the 
electricity transmission system development plan for 
2022 – 2031. It is possible to get acquainted with the 
submitted plan in detail at: https://www.ast.lv/sites/
default/files/AST_Attistibas_plans_2022-2031.pdf
System Management and Electricity 
Market Development
Implementing the policy of the European Union 
regarding the single electricity market, the strategic 
direction of JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” is focused on 
the development of electricity and ancillary service 
markets and integration into European markets.
Over the coming years, IT IS PLANNED TO 
CONTINUE WORKING ON THE DEVELOPMENT 
AND IMPROVEMENT OF THE SINGLE EUROPEAN 
DAY-AHEAD AND INTRADAY MARKET. This will 
include new opportunities for participants in the 
European Union’s internal electricity market, 
including Latvian and Baltic market participants.
15
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 245 ---
Currently, several projects are being launched, and 
upon their implementation market participants will 
have the opportunity to participate in the day-
ahead and intraday market with 15 minutes’ time 
resolution and work with energy and transmission 
power inclusive products, like the current day-ahead 
market.
It is also planned to continue working on the 
establishment of the single European mFRR market 
platform and on the accession of the Baltic TSO 
to it, which will allow the Baltic balancing service 
providers to participate in the pan-European reserve 
market.
To join the platform, a number of changes will have 
to be made to the operation of the pan-Baltic 
balancing model, the most important of which is 
to ensure the transition to the 15-minute balancing 
market period, which will allow electricity market 
participants to plan their operations more accurately 
and control system imbalances more effectively.
Transmission and Storage of Natural 
Gas
Considering the priorities set in the energy policy 
planning documents, the development of the natural 
gas transmission and storage segment is focused on:
1.	 Strengthening Latvia’s security of supply 
by ensuring the safe and stable operation 
of the natural gas transmission system and 
storage infrastructure and high-quality, non-
discriminatory and transparent service to system 
users, while promoting the involvement of new 
market participants in the market;
2.	 Promoting energy sustainability and reducing 
energy dependency by assessing and facilitating 
the development of the gas transmission 
system with a view to facilitating the injection 
of alternative energy sources to natural gas into 
the transmission system and storage, as well as 
integrating solutions for the reduction of carbon 
footprints.
3.	 Promoting the liquidity of the gas market through 
the full integration, expansion and harmonisation 
of market rules in the regional gas market. 
EVENTS AND OCCURRENCES AFTER THE END  
OF THE REPORTING PERIOD
In accordance with the agreement of 18 June 2021 
between JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” and 
JSC “Latvenergo”, in July 2021 the remaining loan 
from JSC “Latvenergo” in the amount of EUR 40 000 
thousand was repaid.
In August 2021 Augstsprieguma tīkls credit ratings 
affirmed at BBB+, outlook revised to Positive on 
lower country risk 
After the end of the reporting period there were no 
other material circumstances or events that could 
affect the future development of the Company.
This document is signed with a secure digital signature and contains a time stamp 
Riga, 21 September 2021
Gunta Jēkabsone 
Board Chairperson
Mārcis Kauliņš 
Board Member
Imants Zviedris 
Board Member
Gatis Junghāns 
Member of the Board
Arnis Daugulis 
Member of the Board
Māra Grava 
Head of the Finance and 
Accounting Department
16
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 246 ---
STATEMENT 
OF BOARD’S 
RESPONSIBILITY

--- Page 247 ---
Based on the information being at the disposal 
of the Board of JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls”, 
the unaudited interim abridged financial 
statements of the Augstsprieguma tīkls Group and 
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” for the 6-month period, 
which ended on 30 June 2021, provide a true and 
fair view in all material aspects about the assets, 
liabilities, financial status and profit or loss of the 
Augstsprieguma tīkls group and JSC “Augstsprieguma 
tīkls”.
STATEMENT OF BOARD’S RESPONSIBILITY
This document is signed with a secure digital signature and contains a time stamp 
Riga, 21 September 2021
Gunta Jēkabsone 
Board Chairperson
Mārcis Kauliņš 
Board Member
Imants Zviedris 
Board Member
Gatis Junghāns 
Member of the Board
Arnis Daugulis 
Member of the Board
Māra Grava 
Head of the Finance and 
Accounting Department
18
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 248 ---
CONSOLIDATED 
AND SEPARATE 
FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS

--- Page 249 ---
Notes
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls”
Group
6 months 
of 2021 
EUR
6 months 
of 2020 
EUR
6 months 
of 2021 
EUR
6 months 
of 2020 
EUR
REVENUE
3
50 905 349
80 155 575
80 352 790
72 846 917
Other income
4
1 655 394
150 025
2 100 278
161 363
Used raw materials and materials, repair 
costs
5
(14 660 512)
(9 663 254)
(17 393 827)
(2 065 918)
Personnel expenses
6
(8 398 917)
(8 242 613)
(14 161 731)
(8 256 895)
Other operating expenses
7
(6 495 892)
(40 733 195)
(8 599 649)
(40 715 169)
Depreciation and amortisation
9, 21
(16 144 684)
(19 572 540)
(24 928 001)
(18 952 204)
Income from participation
10
58 286 236
5 604 642
-
5 604 642
Finance income
8
2 290
54 187
2 549
54 187
Finance costs
8
(1 344 162)
(258 772)
(1 458 552)
(444 006)
Consolidation difference
- 
- 
-
3 586 293
Profit before taxes
 
63 805 102
7 494 055
15 913 857
11 819 210
Deferred corporate income tax
-
-
(1 779 103)
-
Profit for the reporting period
 
63 805 102
7 494 055
14 134 754
11 819 210
Profit attributable to:
Equity holder of the Parent Company
63 805 102
7 494 055
11 567 918
11 819 210
Non-controlling interests
- 
- 
2 566 836
-
Notes from page 27 to 65 are an integral part of these financial statements.
CONDENSED PROFIT OR LOSS STATEMENT
This document is signed with a secure digital signature and contains a time stamp 
Riga, 21 September 2021
Gunta Jēkabsone 
Board Chairperson
Mārcis Kauliņš 
Board Member
Imants Zviedris 
Board Member
Gatis Junghāns 
Member of the Board
Arnis Daugulis 
Member of the Board
Māra Grava 
Head of the Finance and 
Accounting Department
20
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 250 ---
Notes
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls”
Group
6 month 
of 2021 
 
EUR
6 month 
of 2020, 
unaudited 
EUR
6 monts 
of 2021 
 
EUR
6 month 
of 2020, 
unaudited 
EUR
PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD
63 805 102
7 494 055
14 134 754
11 819 210
Items that will not be reclassified to 
profit or loss statement
Other income
 
-
-
-
-
Other income for the reporting period
 
-
-
-
-
TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
FOR THE PERIOD
63 805 102
7 494 055
14 134 754
11 819 210
Attributable to:
Equity holder of the Parent 
Company
63 805 102
7 494 055
11 567 918
11 819 210
Non-controlling interests
 
-
-
2 566 836
-
Notes from page 27 to 65 are an integral part of these financial statements.
CONDENSED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
This document is signed with a secure digital signature and contains a time stamp 
Riga, 21 September 2021
Gunta Jēkabsone 
Board Chairperson
Mārcis Kauliņš 
Board Member
Imants Zviedris 
Board Member
Gatis Junghāns 
Member of the Board
Arnis Daugulis 
Member of the Board
Māra Grava 
Head of the Finance and 
Accounting Department
21
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 251 ---
Notes
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls”
Group
30.06.2021 
EUR
31.12.2020 
EUR
30.06.2021 
EUR
31.12.2020 
EUR
ASSETS
 
 
 
 
NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Intangible investments
9.1
1 786 098 
1 435 210 
3 602 324
3 307 881
Fixed assets
9.2
653 163 343 
654 359 778 
1 068 209 639
1 067 674 394
Right-of-use assets
21
15 074 695 
14 212 293 
15 531 913
14 715 877
Non-current financial investments
10
134 396 393 
134 396 393 
1 160 466
1 210 860
TOTAL NON-CURRENT ASSETS
 
804 420 529 
804 403 674 
1 088 504 342 
1 086 909 012
CURRENT ASSETS
Inventories
11
524 267 
514 087 
3 473 911
3 535 090
Advances paid for inventories
-
-
24 966
Trade receivables
12
1 141 163 
1 673 797 
8 267 231
8 528 491
Deposits
13
- 
25 000 000 
-
25 000 000
Other current assets
13
31 873 502 
31 647 751 
31 944 651
31 740 753
Corporate income tax
13
1 611 415 
11 512 
1 611 415
11 512
Deferred expenses
 
1 194 797 
629 093 
1 707 081
979 586
Accrued income
14
9 140 637 
9 422 703 
9 140 637
9 422 703
Cash
15 
72 315 812 
32 224 560 
74 721 071
47 388 296
Total current assets
 
117 801 593 
101 123 503 
130 890 963
126 606 431
TOTAL ASSETS
 
922 222 122 
905 527 177 
1 219 395 305
1 213 515 443
Notes from page 27 to 65 are an integral part of these financial statements.
CONDENSED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AS AT 30 JUNE 2021
Riga, 21 September 2021
Gunta Jēkabsone 
Board Chairperson
Mārcis Kauliņš 
Board Member
Imants Zviedris 
Board Member
Gatis Junghāns 
Member of the Board
Arnis Daugulis 
Member of the Board
Māra Grava 
Head of the Finance and 
Accounting Department
22
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 252 ---
STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AS AT 30 JUNE 2020
(continued)
Notes
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls”
Group
30.06.2021 
EUR
31.12.2020 
EUR
30.06.2021 
EUR
31.12.2020 
EUR
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
 
 
 
 
EQUITY
Share capital
16
363 896 079 
363 896 079 
363 896 079
363 896 079
Reserves
4 001 410 
4 172 258 
2 194 176
6 304 575
Retained earnings
8 912 359 
6 741 633 
142 884 629
82 722 433
Profit for the reporting year
63 805 102 
9 999 392 
11 567 918
64 051 311
Non-controlling interests
 
- 
- 
97 128 694
122 228 140
Total equity
440 614 950 
384 809 362 
617 671 496
639 202 537
Non‑current liabilities
Employee benefit obligations
 
2 440 205 
2 636 255 
3 468 699
3 664 749
Lease liabilities
21
14 595 086 
13 761 561 
15 048 938
14 215 413
Loans 
20
-
86 672 207 
66 694 444
86 672 207
Deferred revenue
17
282 653 434 
279 847 333 
293 266 416
290 629 069
Total non‑current liabilities
 
299 688 725 
382 917 356 
378 478 497 
395 181 438 
Current liabilities
Loans
20
156 200 000 
116 200 000 
173 508 561
138 075 000
Lease liabilities
21
734 265 
657 434 
750 713
717 652
Deferred revenue
17
7 064 361 
6 135 817 
10 670 629
7 388 747
Trade payables
 
10 170 811 
8 086 381 
17 485 213
15 722 857
Taxes and mandatory state social 
insurance contributions
22
3 257 939 
1 754 449 
6 951 665
2 811 710
Deferred corporate income tax 
liabilities
 
- 
- 
5 494 468
5 152 360
Advance payments received
18
300 196 
602 252 
1 138 525
1 255 537
Other creditors
18
1 919 166 
2 232 912 
3 041 693
2 963 606
Accrued liabilities
19
2 271 709 
2 131 214 
4 203 845
5 043 999
Total current liabilities
 
181 918 447 
137 800 459 
223 245 312 
179 131 468 
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
 
922 222 122 
905 527 177 
1 219 395 305 
1 213 515 443
Notes from page 27 to 65 are an integral part of these financial statements.
Riga, 21 September 2021
Gunta Jēkabsone 
Board Chairperson
Mārcis Kauliņš 
Board Member
Imants Zviedris 
Board Member
Gatis Junghāns 
Member of the Board
Arnis Daugulis 
Member of the Board
Māra Grava 
Head of the Finance and 
Accounting Department
23
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 253 ---
CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls”
Share capital 
 
 
 
 
EUR
Profit 
for the 
reporting 
year 
 
EUR
Other 
reserves  
 
 
 
EUR
Noncurrent 
assets 
revaluation 
reserve 
 
EUR
Post‑Em-
ployment 
benefit plan 
revaluation 
reserve 
EUR
Reorganiza-
tion reserves 
 
 
 
EUR
Total 
 
 
 
 
EUR
As at 31 December 
2019
64 218 079
2 951 011
2 680 615
-
106 006
-
69 955 711
Dividends paid for 2019
- 
(1 735 958)
-
-
-
-
(1 735 958)
Share capital increase
299 678 000
- 
-
-
-
-
299 678 000
Profit for the reporting 
period
-
7 494 055
-
-
-
-
7 494 055
Changes in reserves
- 
(1 215 053)
1 215 053
-
-
-
-
As at 30 June 2020
363 896 079
7 494 055
3 895 668
-
106 006
-
375 391 808
Profit for the reporting 
period
- 
3 720 390
- 
-
-
-
3 720 390
Other income for the 
reporting year
- 
- 
-
-
384 250
-
384 250
Addition of JSC Latvijas 
elektriskie tīkli as a 
result of reorganisation
- 
5 211 434 
-
-
-
(27 336 704)
(22 125 270) 
Recognition of 
revaluation reserve as a 
result of reorganisation
- 
- 
-
27 438 184
-
-
27 438 184
Transfer of retained 
earnings
- 
315 146
-
(315 146)
-
-
-
As at 31 December 
2020
363 896 079
16 741 025
3 895 668
27 123 038
490 256
(27 336 704)
384 809 362
Dividends paid 
for 2020
- 
(7 999 514)
- 
-
-
-
(7 999 514)
Retained earnings
- 
170 848
-
(170 848)
-
-
-
Profit for the 
reporting period
- 
63 805 102
- 
-
-
-
63 805 102
As at 30 June 2021
363 896 079
72 717 461
3 895 668
26 952 190
490 256
(27 336 704)
440 614 950
Notes from page 27 to 65 are an integral part of these financial statements.
Riga, 21 September 2021
Gunta Jēkabsone 
Board Chairperson
Mārcis Kauliņš 
Board Member
Imants Zviedris 
Board Member
Gatis Junghāns 
Member of the Board
Arnis Daugulis 
Member of the Board
Māra Grava 
Head of the Finance and 
Accounting Department
24
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 254 ---
CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
(continued)
Group
Share capital 
 
 
 
 
EUR
Profit 
for the 
reporting 
year 
 
EUR
Other 
reserves  
 
 
 
EUR
Noncurrent 
assets 
revaluation 
reserve 
 
EUR
Post‑Em-
ployment 
benefit plan 
revaluation 
reserve 
EUR
Reorganiza-
tion reserves 
 
 
 
EUR
Noncon-
trolling 
interest 
 
 
EUR
Total 
 
 
 
 
EUR
As at 31 December 2019
64 218 079
56 367 925
2 680 615
-
75 844
-
- 
123 342 463
Dividends paid for 2019
- 
(1 735 959)
-
-
-
-
- 
(1 735 959)
Other income for the 
reporting period
31 719
31 719
Share capital increase
299 678 000
- 
-
-
-
-
- 
299 678 000
Profit for the reporting 
period
- 
11 819 210
-
-
-
-
-
11 819 210
As at 30 June 2020
363 896 079
66 482 896
2 680 615
-
75 844
-
-
433 135 434
Profit for the 
reporting period
- 
52 200 381
-
-
-
-
1 307 174
53 507 555
Other income for the 
reporting year
- 
- 
-
-
381 463
28 120 629
8 275
28 510 367
Transfer of revaluation 
surplus upon acquisition 
of control of an associate
- 
28 090 467
-
-
-
(28 090 467)
- 
-
Transaction between 
companies under com-
mon control – net result
- 
- 
-
-
-
(25 778 705)
- 
(25 778 705)
Transaction between 
companies under 
common control – ac-
quisition of revaluation 
reserve
-
-
-
28 915 196
-
-
-
28 915 196
Acquisition of a 
subsidiary with a 
noncontrolling interest
- 
- 
-
-
-
-
120 912 690
120 912 690
As at 31 December 
2020
363 896 079
146 773 744
2 680 615
28 915 196
457 308
(25 748 545)
122 228 140
639 202 537
Dividends paid 
for 2020
- 
(7 999 514)
-
-
-
(26 846 636)
(34 846 150)
Write-off of 
revaluation reserve
- 
3 939 550 
-
(3 939 550)
-
- 
-
Retained earnings
- 
170 848 
-
(170 848)
-
- 
- 
Profit for the 
reporting period
- 
11 567 919 
-
-
-
- 
11 567 919 
Non-controlling 
interest
- 
- 
-
-
-
1 747 190 
1 747 190 
As at 30 June 2021
363 896 079 154 452 547 
2 680 615
24 804 798
457 308
(25 748 545)
97 128 694 
617 671 496
Notes from page 27 to 65 are an integral part of these financial statements.
Riga, 21 September 2021
Gunta Jēkabsone 
Board Chairperson
Mārcis Kauliņš 
Board Member
Imants Zviedris 
Board Member
Gatis Junghāns 
Member of the Board
Arnis Daugulis 
Member of the Board
Māra Grava 
Head of the Finance and 
Accounting Department
25
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 255 ---
CONDENSED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
Notes
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls”
Group
6 months 
of 2021
6 months 
of 2020, 
unaudited
6 months 
of 2021
6 months 
of 2020, 
unaudited
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
I. CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
 
 
 
 
Profit before taxes
63 805 102
7 494 055
15 913 857
11 819 210
ADJUSTMENTS:
 
 
 
 
– amortisation, depreciation and impairment 
in value of intangible assets, fixed assets and 
rights to use assets
9.1, 9.2, 
21
16 256 252
18 024 477
24 993 203
18 960 493
– increase/(decrease) in provisions
(196 050)
(161 380)
(196 050)
(161 380)
– finance costs
8
1 921 843
95 112
2 241 025
375 679
– other adjustments
21
1 203 159
-
1 084 797
- 
– income from dividends
(58 286 236)
(5 604 642)
-
(5 604 642)
Operating profit before working capital 
adjustments
24 704 070
19 847 622
44 036 832
25 389 360
ADJUSTMENTS:
– decrease of trade receivables
29 013 124
23 514 629
28 601 886
4 244 906
– (increase)/reduction of inventory
(10 180)
(8 103)
68 238
12 434
– increase/(reduction) in trade payables
(26 705 365)
6 243 816
(28 559 521)
31 055 292
Gross cash flows from operating activities
27 001 649
49 597 964
44 147 435
60 701 992
Interest payments 
(2 105)
(76 270)
111 284
(76 270)
Asset lease interest payments
- 
- 
- 
(9 322)
Corporate income tax payments
22
(1 599 903)
(347 192)
(1 599 903)
(347 192)
Net cash flows from operating activities
25 399 641
49 174 502
42 658 816
60 269 208
Notes from page 27 to 65 are an integral part of these financial statements.
Riga, 21 September 2021
Gunta Jēkabsone 
Board Chairperson
Mārcis Kauliņš 
Board Member
Imants Zviedris 
Board Member
Gatis Junghāns 
Member of the Board
Arnis Daugulis 
Member of the Board
Māra Grava 
Head of the Finance and 
Accounting Department
26
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 256 ---
CONDENSED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
(continued)
Notes
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls”
Group
6 months 
of 2021
6 months  
of 2020
6 months 
of 2021
6 months 
of 2020
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
II. Cash flows from investing activities
Acquisition of fixed assets and intangible 
investments
9.1, 9.2
(14 369 220)
(844 316)
(25 047 117)
(9 437 117)
Sale of fixed assets and intangible assets
9.2
68 641
105 703
132 633
105 703
Issued loans
- 
(138 560 000)
-
- 
Received deposits
25 000 000
- 
25 000 000
- 
Investment in shares
-
77 000 000
-
77 000 000
Dividends received
58 286 236
5 604 642
-
5 604 642
Proceeds from the sale of shares
-
1 729 071
-
1 729 071
Interest income from payments
-
54 187
-
54 187
Net cash flows from/(used in) investing 
activities 
68 985 657
(54 910 713)
85 516
75 056 486
III. Cash flows from financing activities
Loans from credit institutions, net
-
116 200 000
62 128 005
(44 013 136)
Borrowings from JSC “Latvenergo”
20
(46 672 207)
- 
(46 672 207)
40 744 264
Expenses for repayment of loans
20
(1 717 784)
- 
(1 819 782)
- 
Interest payments, net
-
- 
-
(175 105)
Asset lease payments
21
(411 789)
(15 373 191)
(466 951)
(12 296 677)
Asset lease interest payments
21
118 986
- 
118 986
- 
European Union funding received
17
788 359
3 959
3 807 579
3 959
Expenditure on investments in affiliated or 
associated companies
-
172 394
-
172 394
Dividends paid to shareholders
(6 399 611)
(1 388 765)
(32 507 187)
(1 388 765)
(decrease) of loans
–
- 
- 
(19 608 955)
Net cash flows (used in)/from financing 
activities
(54 294 046)
99 614 397
(15 411 557)
(36 562 021)
Increase in net cash and cash equivalents 
during the reporting period
40 091 252
93 878 186
27 332 775
98 763 673
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of 
the reporting period
32 224 560
28 216 327
47 388 296
28 216 327
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the 
reporting period
72 315 812
122 094 513
74 721 071
126 980 000
Notes from page 27 to 65 are an integral part of these financial statements.
Riga, 21 September 2021
Gunta Jēkabsone 
Board Chairperson
Mārcis Kauliņš 
Board Member
Imants Zviedris 
Board Member
Gatis Junghāns 
Member of the Board
Arnis Daugulis 
Member of the Board
Māra Grava 
Head of the Finance and 
Accounting Department
27
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 257 ---
NOTES TO THE 
CONSOLIDATED 
AND SEPARATE 
FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS

--- Page 258 ---
1.	 GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP
The principal activity of the Augstsprieguma tīkls 
group is the provision of electricity transmission 
system operator functions, efficient management 
of energy supply system assets, natural gas 
transmission and storage.
The JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” heads the 
Augstsprieguma tīkls group (hereinafter – the Group)  
group that includes the subsidiary JSC “Conexus 
Baltic Grid”.
All shares of JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” are owned 
by the state and their holder is the Ministry of 
Finance of the Republic of Latvia. The registered 
address of the Company is Dārzciema iela 86, Riga, 
LV-1073, Latvia.
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” is a transmission 
system operator, licensed by the Public Utilities 
Commission under licence No. E12001, that ensures 
the security of the operation of the transmission 
network and the power supply system of Latvia, 
provides the transmission service on the basis of 
published transmission service tariffs, and ensures 
the availability of the transmission system services 
on a continuous basis. JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” 
is engaged in the operational management of the 
transmission system and ensures secure and reliable 
electric power transmission. The Company as  a 
transmission system operator operates in a relatively 
non-cyclical or late-cyclical industry. However, an 
unexpected downturn in the economy may have an 
impact on the Group’s customers and negatively 
affect its growth and results of operations through 
reduced electricity consumption.
In 2021, restrictions related to the spread of the 
coronavirus will continue in the Republic of Latvia 
and many other countries, which will significantly 
reduce economic development in the country 
and in the world. It is not possible to foresee the 
situation’s development in the future, and thus there 
is uncertainty about economic development. The 
Company’s management continuously evaluates 
the situation; at the time of approval of the annual 
report the Company has not encountered significant 
disruptions in business operations, no significant 
or potentially significant debt losses have been 
identified, the Company continues to cover liabilities 
in a timely manner. However, this conclusion is 
based on the information available at the time 
of preparation of the document; as influencing 
circumstances change, the impact on the Company’s 
operations may differ from the current assessment.
The financial statements were approved by the 
Board of the Company on 21 September 2021 
composed of: Gunta Jēkabsone (Chairperson 
of the Board), Imants Zviedris (Member of the 
Board), Mārcis Kauliņš (Member of the Board), Gatis 
Junghāns (Member of the Board), Arnis Daugulis 
(Member of the Board).
The auditor of the Company is the certified audit 
company “PricewaterhouseCoopers” LTD, and the 
responsible certified auditor is Ilandra Lejiņa.
2.	 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES
This section of the appendix sets out the key 
accounting principles that are used in the 
preparation of the financial statements. These 
principles are applied consistently, reflecting data 
for all periods presented in the report. The basic 
accounting and accounting valuation principles set 
out in this section have been applied consistently 
throughout the reporting period.
The consolidated and separate financial 
statements have been prepared in accordance 
with the 34.International Accounting Standard 
(IAS). Taking the European Union approval process 
into account, this Annex also presents standards 
and interpretations that have not been approved 
for application in the European Union, as those 
standards and interpretations may have an impact 
on the Company’s financial statements in future 
periods, if they are adopted.
The consolidated and separate financial statements 
have been prepared under the historical cost 
convention, except for items carried at fair value. 
The profit or loss statement is classified by nature 
of expense. The cash flow statement has been 
prepared using the indirect method. 
The financial statements are presented in the 
currency of the Republic of Latvia, the euro 
(hereinafter - EUR).
The comparability of indicators is kept in the 
financial report; in the case when the presentation 
of financial statement information is changed 
during the reporting year, comparative figures are 
reclassified and are comparable.
Financial statements cover the time period from 
1 January to 30 June 2021. The consolidated financial 
29
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 259 ---
statements of the Group include the financial results 
of the subsidiary JSC “Latvijas elektriskie tīkli“ from 
1 June to 30 September 2020, when the company 
merged as a result of the reorganisation, and the 
financial results of the subsidiary JSC “Conexus 
Baltic Grid” from 1 August 2020.As a result of merger 
AS Latvijas elektriskie tīkli transferred all its property, 
rights and obligations to the Company and ceased 
to exist without a liquidation process. Following the 
merger, the Company continues the commercial 
activities of AS Latvijas elektriskie tīkli.
As at 30 June 2021, the Group’s parent company had 
investments in the following subsidiaries:
Name of subsidiary
Country
Type of business activity
Date of 
establishment/
acquisition
Shareholding
JSC “Conexus Baltic 
Grid”
Latvia
Transmission and Storage 
of Natural Gas
Pipeline transport (NACE 
code 49.50)
21.07.2020
68.46%
Principles of drawing up financial 
statements
Standards and interpretations applicable during 
the reporting year
Except for the changes described below, the Group 
has consistently applied the accounting policies 
set out in all periods presented in these financial 
statements.
The Group has adopted the new standards and 
amendments to the standards described below, 
including the resulting amendments to other 
standards, the date of initial application of which was 
1 January 2020.
Application of new or revised standards and 
interpretations 
During the current reporting period, the following 
standards issued by the International Accounting 
Standards Board (IASB) and the new standards 
adopted by the EU, as well as amendments to 
the existing standards and new guidance on the 
interpretation are in force:
	 Amendments to IAS 1 “Financial reporting” 
and IAS 8 “Accounting Policies, Changes in 
Accounting Estimates, and Errors” – definition 
of “material” (effective for reporting periods 
starting on 1 January 2020 or later);
	 Amendments to IFRS 3 “Business 
Combinations” – definition of a business 
(effective for business combinations in which 
the business has been acquired during the first 
reporting period starting on 1 January 2020 or 
later, as well as for asset acquisition made at 
the beginning of this period or later);
	 Amendments to IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments”, 
IAS 39 “Financial Instruments: Recognition 
and Measurement” and IFRS 7 “Financial 
Instruments: Disclosures” - The reform of the 
interest rate benchmark adopted by the EU on 
15 January 2020 (effective for annual periods 
beginning on or after 1 January 2020), issued 
on 26 January 2019 by the IASB; 
	 Amendments to IFRS 16 “Leases” - Covid-19 
related rental concessions (adopted by the EU 
on 9 October 2020 and effective no later than 
1 June 2020 for financial years beginning on or 
after 1 January 2020);
	 Amendments on references to the conceptual 
framework of IFRSs adopted by the EU on 
29 November 2019 (effective for annual periods 
beginning on or after 1 January 2020).
The adoption of these new standards, amendments 
to existing standards and interpretations have no 
material impact on the Group’s financial statements.
Standards and amendments to existing standards 
issued by the IASB and adopted by the EU but not 
yet effective
At the date of approval of the financial statements, 
the following new standards, amendments to existing 
standards and interpretations issued by the IASB and 
adopted by the EU, but not yet effective:
	 Amendments to IFRS 4 Insurance Contracts 
“Temporary Exemption from IFRS 9”, adopted 
by the EU on 16 December 2020 (the deadline 
of the temporary exemption from IFRS 9 
was extended from 1 January 2021 to annual 
periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023);
	 Amendments to IFRS 9 “Financial 
instruments”, IAS 39 “Financial Instruments: 
Recognition and Measurement”, IFRS 7 
“Financial Instruments: Disclosures, IFRS 4 
“Insurance Contracts” and IFRS 16 “Leases” 
- Reform of the Interest Rate Benchmark - 
Phase 2 adopted by the EU on 13 January 2021 
(effective for annual periods beginning on or 
after 1 January 2021).
The Group decided not to adopt the new 
standards, amendments to existing standards 
and interpretations before their effective date. 
The Group anticipates that the adoption of these 
standards and amendments to existing standards will 
not have a material impact on the Group’s financial 
statements in the period of initial application.
30
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 260 ---
New standards and amendments to existing 
standards issued by the IASB, but not yet adopted 
by the EU
At the moment, the IFRS adopted by the EU do 
not differ significantly from those adopted by the 
International Accounting Standards Board (IASB), 
except for the following standards, amendments 
of existing standards, and guidance on the 
interpretation not yet endorsed by the EU as of 
31 December 2020 (effective dates refer to IFRSs 
issued by the IASB):
	 14. IFRS “Deferred Items Established by the 
Regulator” (effective for annual periods 
beginning on or after 1 January 2016) - the 
European Commission has decided not to 
initiate the application process for the interim 
standard, but to await the final version of the 
standard;
	 17. 17 “Insurance Contracts” and amendments 
to IFRS 17 (effective for reporting periods 
beginning on 1 January 2023 or after).
	 Amendments to IAS 1 “Presentation of Financial 
Statements” - classification of liabilities as 
current or non-current (effective for annual 
periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023);
	 Amendments to IAS 1 “Presentation of Financial 
Statements” - Disclosure of Accounting Policy 
(effective for annual periods beginning on or 
after 1 January 2023);
	 Amendments to IAS 8 “Accounting Policy, 
Changes in Accounting Estimates, and Errors” – 
Definition of Accounting Estimates (effective 
for reporting periods starting on 1 January 
2023 or later),
	 Amendments to IAS 16 “Fixed Assets” - 
Revenue Before Intended Use (effective for 
annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 
2022);
	 Amendments to IAS 37 “Provisions, Contingent 
Liabilities and Contingent Assets” - Onerous 
Contracts - Contract Performance Costs 
(effective for annual periods beginning on or 
after 1 January 2022);
	 Amendments to IFRS 3 “Business 
Combinations” - Reference to the Conceptual 
Framework with amendments to IFRS 3 
(effective for reporting periods beginning on 1 
January 2022 or after).
	 Amendments to IFRS 10 “Consolidated 
Financial Statements” and IAS 28 “Investments 
in Associates and Joint Ventures” – asset 
sales or investment transaction between the 
investor and its associate or joint venture 
and further amendments (entry into force 
pending indefinitely until the completion of the 
research project on the equity method).
	 Amendments to various standards related to 
“Improvements to IFRSs (2018-2020 Cycle)” 
resulting from the Annual Improvements to 
IFRSs (IFRS 1. IFRS, 9 IFRS, 16 and IAS 41 mainly 
to eliminate inconsistencies and clarify wording 
(Amendment to IFRS 1 IFRS 9, and IAS 41, shall 
be effective for reporting periods beginning on 
1 January 2022 or after. Amendment to IFRS 16 
is for illustrative purposes only, so the effective 
date is not specified).
The Group anticipates that the adoption of these 
new standards and amendments to existing 
standards will not have a material impact on the 
Group’s financial statements in the period of initial 
application.
Consolidation
a)	 Subsidiaries
A subsidiary is a company that is controlled by 
the Group. Control is presumed to exist when the 
Group has the power to obtain or obtains control 
rights over certain benefits from its interest in an 
investment and if it has the possibility to obtain a 
return by using its impact on its investment (existing 
rights that give a current possibility to determine 
control over the company) (IFRS 10 “Consolidated 
Financial Statements”).
A subsidiary is consolidated from the date on which 
control is transferred from the parent company and 
consolidation is terminated when this control ceases 
to exist.
All transactions between the companies of the 
Augstsprieguma tīkls group are determined 
according to the market value of the transactions, 
and mutual balances and unrealised gains on 
transactions between the companies of the 
Augstsprieguma tīkls group are excluded. Uncovered 
losses are also eliminated and are considered an 
indicator of impairment of the transferred asset. If 
necessary, the accounting and valuation methods 
of the subsidiary are changed to ensure compliance 
with the accounting and valuation methods used in 
the Augstsprieguma tīkls group.
Investments in subsidiaries are stated in the 
Company’s separate financial statements at 
historical cost less impairment losses, if any.
b)	 Transactions with minority shareholders
The Company’s transactions with minority 
shareholders are treated as external transactions, 
while the Augstsprieguma tīkls group’s transactions 
with minority shareholders are treated as 
transactions with the owners of the parent company. 
Any difference between the purchase consideration 
and the carrying amount of non-controlling interest 
acquired is recorded as a capital transaction directly 
in equity. The Group recognises the difference 
between sales consideration and the carrying 
amount of non-controlling interest sold as a capital 
transaction in the statement of changes in equity.
31
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 261 ---
c)	 Associated undertakings
Investments in an associate are investments in a 
company in which the Augstsprieguma tīkls group 
has significant influence over the group company 
(owns 20 percent or more), but does not have 
undisputed sole control over the activities of the 
other company. Investments in associates that are 
not held for sale are classified in the balance sheet 
as non-current financial investments.
Under the equity method, an investment in an 
associate is initially recognised in the consolidated 
statement of financial position at cost and 
subsequently adjusted to recognise the Group’s 
share of the associate’s profit or loss and other 
comprehensive income. If the Group’s share of 
losses of an associate exceeds the Group’s interest 
in that associate (including long-term interests that 
are substantially part of the Group’s net investment 
in the associate), the Group derecognises its share of 
future losses. Additional losses are only recognised 
to the extent that the Group has a present legal or 
constructive obligation or made payments on behalf 
of the associate.
An investment in an associate is accounted for 
using the equity method from the date on which 
the investment becomes an associate. When an 
investment in an associate is acquired, any excess 
of the cost of the investment over the fair value 
of the Group’s share of the net identifiable assets 
and liabilities of the associate is recognised as 
goodwill, which is included in the carrying amount. 
Any excess of the fair value of the Group’s share 
of the identifiable net assets and liabilities of the 
associate after the cost of revaluation is recognised 
immediately in profit or loss in the period in which 
the investment is made.
36. The requirements of IAS are applied to 
determine whether an impairment loss needs to be 
recognised in respect of the Group’s investment 
in an associate. If necessary, the entire carrying 
amount of the investment (including goodwill) is 
reviewed in accordance with IAS 36 as a single asset 
by comparing its recoverable amount (the higher of 
value in use and fair value less costs to sell) with its 
carrying amount. Any reversal of an impairment loss 
is recognised in accordance with IAS 36.
The Group ceases to use the equity method from 
the date on which the investment ceases to be an 
associate. The difference between the carrying 
amount of the associate at the date of termination of 
the equity method and the fair value of the retained 
interest and the gain on disposal of the interest in 
the associate is included in determining the gain or 
loss on disposal. In addition, the Group accounts 
for all amounts previously recognised in other 
comprehensive income in respect of that associate, 
as would be the case if the associate had disposed of 
the related assets or liabilities directly.
d)	 Goodwill 
Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for 
using the acquisition method. Acquisition costs are 
measured at the fair value of the assets acquired, 
equity instruments issued and liabilities incurred or 
assumed at the date of the change. Acquisition costs 
are charged to the Profit or Loss Statement in the 
period in which they are incurred. Identifiable assets 
acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities 
assumed in a business combination are measured 
initially at their fair value on the acquisition date, 
irrespective of the extent of any minority interest. 
Goodwill is initially measured as the excess of the 
total sum of an acquisition value and the value of the 
minority interest, and the amount of identified assets 
acquired and liabilities assumed. If the amount of the 
transferred assets is less than the fair value of the 
net assets acquired, the difference is recognised in 
the Profit or Loss Statement. Goodwill is presented in 
the intangible assets section.
Goodwill arising from the acquisition of a company 
is stated at cost, determined on the acquisition date 
of the company, less any accumulated impairment 
losses, if any. Goodwill is tested for impairment 
annually or more frequently if events or changes 
in circumstances indicate that the goodwill may 
be impaired. Impairment losses on goodwill are 
recognised in the consolidated statement of 
comprehensive income.
Business combinations involving companies under 
common control 
The Group accounts for a business combination 
involving companies under common control in 
accordance with the business combination method, 
with the acquiring company taking over the carrying 
amounts of the assets and liabilities of the other 
company.
2.1.	 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
Financial assets and financial liabilities are 
recognised in the statement of the financial position 
of the Company when the Company becomes a 
party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.
Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially 
recorded at fair value. All other financial instruments 
are initially recorded at fair value adjusted for 
transaction costs. Fair value at initial recognition is 
32
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 262 ---
best evidenced by the transaction price. A gain or 
loss on initial recognition is only recorded if there is 
a difference between fair value and transaction price 
which can be evidenced by other observable current 
market transactions in the same instrument or by a 
valuation technique whose inputs include only data 
from observable markets.
Financial assets
All financial assets recognised on initial recognition 
are measured at amortised cost or fair value, 
depending on the classification of the financial 
assets.
Classification of financial assets
Debt instruments that meet the following conditions, 
after initial recognition, are measured at amortised 
cost:
	 the financial asset is held within the framework 
of a business model, the purpose of which is to 
hold the financial assets in order to collect the 
contractual cash flows;
	 the terms of a financial asset contract generate 
cash flows at specified dates that are only 
principal and interest payments.
	 Debt instruments that meet the following 
conditions after initial recognition are 
measured at fair value through the statement 
of Other Comprehensive Income (FVTOCI):
	 the financial asset is held in a business model, 
the objective of which is achieved both by 
collecting the contractual cash flows and by 
selling the financial asset;
	 the terms of a financial asset contract generate 
cash flows at specified dates that are only 
principal and interest payments.
By default, all other financial assets after initial 
recognition are measured at fair value through the 
Profit or Loss Statement (FVTPL).
Notwithstanding the above, upon the initial 
recognition of a financial asset, the Company may 
irrevocably choose:
	 to classify equity instruments at fair value 
through other comprehensive income, if 
certain criteria are met.
Equity instruments at fair value through other 
comprehensive income
After initial recognition, the Company may 
irrevocably select (for each instrument separately) 
certain equity instruments at fair value recognised 
in other comprehensive income. This classification 
is not allowed, if the equity instrument is held for 
trading or if it is a variable consideration received as 
a result of business combination.
Investments in equity instruments recognised in 
other comprehensive income are measured initially 
at fair value adding transaction costs. They are 
subsequently measured at fair value, with profit or 
loss arising from changes in fair value, recognised 
in other comprehensive income in the revaluation 
reserve. At the time the equity instrument is 
disposed of, the cumulative gain or loss is not 
reclassified to the profit or loss statement, but it is 
transferred to retained earnings.
Dividends from those investments in equity 
instruments are recognised in the profit or loss 
statement in accordance with IFRS 9, unless 
the dividends clearly represent a return on the 
investment cost.
At the initial application of IFRS 9 the Company has 
classified all investments in equity instruments that 
are not held for trading, in the category at fair value 
through other comprehensive income.
Impairment of financial assets
The Company recognises a deduction for expected 
credit losses on investments in debt instruments 
that are measured at amortised costs or fair value 
recognised in other comprehensive income, lease 
trade receivables, trade receivables, as well as 
financial guarantee contracts. The expected amount 
of credit risk losses shall be reviewed at each date 
of the report to reflect changes in credit risk since 
the initial recognition of the financial instrument. The 
Company always recognises life expectancy credit 
losses on trade receivables and contract assets. The 
expected credit losses from these financial assets 
are calculated by using a provision matrix based on 
the Company’s historical credit loss experience.
Derecognition of financial assets
The Company only derecognises a financial asset 
when the contractual rights to the cash flows from 
the asset expire or when it substantially transfers all 
the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of the 
financial asset to another entity. If the Company does 
not transfer or retain substantially all of the risks 
and rewards of ownership and continues to control 
the transferred asset, the Company recognises its 
retained interest and related liabilities to the extent 
that it may be required to pay. If the Company 
substantially retains all the risks and rewards of 
ownership of the transferred financial asset, the 
Company continues to recognise the financial asset 
and also recognises a secured loan for revenue 
received.
Financial liabilities
All financial liabilities are initially measured at 
amortised cost using the effective interest method 
or at fair value, recognising it in the profit or loss 
statement.
33
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 263 ---
Financial liabilities with evaluation at amortised 
cost
Financial liabilities other than i) the potential 
consideration from the acquirer in a business 
combination, ii) held for trading or iii) initially 
recognised at fair value through the income 
statement, after initial recognition, are subsequently 
measured at amortised cost using the effective 
interest method.
The effective interest method is the method of 
calculating the amortised cost of financial liabilities 
and allocating the interest expense over the period. 
The effective interest rate is the rate at which 
discounted future cash flows or revenue (including 
any fees and interest paid or received by the parties 
to the contract that are an integral part of the 
effective interest rate, transaction costs and any 
other premiums or discounts) during the expected 
life of the financial asset or financial liability, the 
gross carrying amount of a financial asset, or the 
amortised cost of a financial liability, is precisely 
obtained.
Derecognition of financial liabilities
The Company only derecognises a financial liability 
when the Company’s liabilities are estinguished, 
cancelled, or terminated. The difference between 
the book value of financial liabilities and the 
consideration paid or payable is recognised in the 
profit or loss statement.
2.2.	 TRANSACTIONS IN FOREIGN CURRENCIES
e)	 Functional and presentation currency
The items of financial statements of the Company 
are measured in the currency of the economic 
environment in which the Company operates (the 
functional currency). The items of the financial 
statements are presented in euros (EUR), which is the 
Company’s functional and presentation currency.
f)	 Transactions and balances
All transactions in foreign currencies are revalued 
into euros at the official exchange rate set by the 
European Central Bank ruling on the date of the 
relevant transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities 
denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated 
to euros at the exchange rates prevailing on the last 
day of the reporting year. Gained profit or losses are 
recognised in the income statement for the relevant 
period.
2.3.	 INTANGIBLE INVESTMENTS AND FIXED ASSETS
All intangible investments are capitalised on the 
basis of the costs incurred to acquire and bring 
them to use. Computer software licences, computer 
software and related implementation costs are 
recognised as intangible investments and amortised 
on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful 
lives of these assets, up to five years.
The Group’s property, plant and equipment 
(excluding Buildings and structures and technological 
equipment) are stated at cost less accumulated 
depreciation and impairment losses. The acquisition 
value includes expenses that are directly related to 
the acquisition of the intangible investment or fixed 
asset. Depreciation of fixed assets is calculated using 
the straight-line method over the useful life of the 
asset, to allocate the acquisition cost to its estimated 
residual value at the end of the useful life period. 
For other fixed assets and equipment (means of 
communication and equipment, office supplies and 
equipment), it shall not exceed two to five years.
The main groups of the Group’s fixed assets are real 
estate (buildings and structures) related to electricity 
transmission assets, electricity transmission lines 
and technological equipment, buildings related to 
natural gas transmission and storage, natural gas 
transmission gas pipelines and related technological 
equipment, Inčukalns underground gas storage 
facilities, equipment and machinery related to 
natural gas transmission. Buildings and structures 
and technological equipment are stated at revalued 
amount in the financial statements. Revaluations are 
performed with sufficient regularity to ensure that 
the carrying amount of these assets does not differ 
materially from that which would be determined 
using fair value at the end of the reporting 
period (but at least every five years). Other fixed 
assets, including land, buffer gas in the Inčukalns 
underground gas storage, technological natural gas 
in transmission pipelines and the emergency reserve 
for fixed assets spare parts, are stated at cost.
34
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 264 ---
The increase in value resulting from the revaluation 
of property, plant and equipment is presented in 
the equity item “Reserves”. The revaluation reserve 
is reduced if the revalued property, plant and 
equipment is disposed of, liquidated or there is no 
longer a basis for an increase in value according 
to management’s assessment. The balance of 
the revaluation reserve written off in the financial 
statements is included in retained earnings. During 
the period of use of the revalued asset in each 
reporting period, a portion of the revaluation 
reserve, calculated as the difference between the 
depreciation on the revalued carrying amount of the 
asset and the depreciation on the asset’s original 
cost, is recognized in retained earnings.
Further expenses are included in the balance sheet 
value of the asset or only recognised as a separate 
asset when there is a great possibility that the future 
commercial benefits related to this item will flow in 
the Company and expenses related to this item can 
be credibly determined. Such costs are written off 
during the remaining period of the service life of the 
relevant fixed asset.
Current repairs and maintenance of fixed assets 
are included in the profit or loss statement for the 
period when they were incurred.
Profit or loss from excluding fixed assets is calculated 
as the difference between the balance sheet value 
of the fixed asset and the revenue obtained as a 
result of selling it and included in the profit or loss 
statement for the period when they were incurred.
If the balance value of some intangible investment 
or fixed asset is above the recoverable value thereof, 
the value of the relevant intangible investment 
or fixed asset is written off without delay to the 
recoverable value thereof. The recoverable value is 
the highest value from the fair value of the relevant 
intangible investment or fixed asset, less sales costs 
or value of use.
2.4.	 THE FAIR VALUE
IFRS13 establishes a hierarchy of valuation 
techniques based on whether observable market 
data is used in the valuation technique or whether 
there is any observable market data. Observable 
market data is obtained from independent sources. 
If market data is not observable, the valuation 
technique reflects the Company’s management’s 
assumptions about the market situation. This 
hierarchy requires the use of observable market 
data, if it is available. When carrying out the 
revaluation, the Company shall take into account the 
relevant observable market prices, if it is possible. 
The objective of measuring the fair value, even if the 
market is not active, is to determine the transaction 
price at which market participants would be ready 
to sell the asset or make a commitment at a given 
valuation date under current market conditions. 
Several methods are used to determine the fair value 
of a financial instrument: quoted prices or valuation 
techniques that incorporate observable market 
data and are based on internal models. Based on 
the fair value hierarchy, all valuation techniques are 
divided into Level 1, Level 2, and Level 3. The level 
of the fair value hierarchy of a financial instrument 
should be determined as the lowest level if a 
significant part of their value consists of lower level 
data. The classification of a financial instrument in 
the fair value hierarchy is carried out in two steps: 1. 
Classify data at each level to determine the fair value 
hierarchy; 2. Classify the financial instrument itself 
on the basis of the lowest level if a significant part of 
its value consists of lower level data.
Quoted market prices - Level 1 The valuation 
technique in Level 1 uses unadjusted quoted prices 
in an active market for identical assets or liabilities, 
when quoted prices are readily available and the 
price represents the actual market position for the 
transactions under fair competition. 
Valuation techniques, when using market data – 
Level 2 In the valuation technique used in Level 2 
models, all relevant data, directly or indirectly, is 
observable from the asset or liability side. The model 
uses market data that is not the quoted prices at 
Level 1, but that is observable directly (i.e., price) or 
indirectly (i.e., derived from price). 
Valuation technique using market data that is not 
based on observable market data – Level 3 Valuation 
technique using market data that is not based on 
observable market data (non-observable market 
data) is classified in Level 3. Non-observable market 
data is data that is not easily available in an active 
market due to the illiquidity of the market or the 
complexity of the financial instrument. Level 3 data is 
determined mainly on the basis of observable market 
data of a similar nature, historical observations or 
analytical approaches.
Assets measured at fair value 
The revaluation of the Group’s property, plant 
and equipment is performed by independent 
externally certified appraisers using the depreciated 
replacement cost method. Revaluations of property, 
plant and equipment are performed with sufficient 
regularity to ensure that the carrying amount of 
property, plant and equipment subject to revaluation 
35
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 265 ---
does not differ materially from that which would 
be determined using fair value at the end of the 
reporting period.
Fixed assets of the electricity transmission system
The following transmission system assets (fixed 
assets) are re-evaluated regularly, but no less than 
once in 5 years:
	 electricity transmission networks,
	 transformer substation electrical equipment.
The valuation is performed according to the 
property valuation standards and is based on the 
existing use of fixed assets, which is considered to be 
the best and most efficient. As a result of revaluation, 
the residual replacement value of each fixed asset is 
determined. The residual replacement value is the 
difference between the replacement or replacement 
cost of an analogue asset at the time of valuation and 
the accumulated total physical, functional, economic 
impairment.
The assets of the Parent Company’s electricity 
transmission system (power lines and electrical 
equipment) were revalued in 2016. The revaluation 
was performed by an external valuer estimating 
the cost of replacing or renewing each fixed asset 
based on the actual cost of creating or acquiring 
analogue or similar fixed assets shortly before the 
revaluation in accordance with the Company’s 
records. With regard to fixed assets, which in 2011 
were invested in the share capital of JSC “Latvijas 
elektriskie tīkli” as a property investment, the 
external valuer performed a revaluation to assess 
how the components of replacement or renewal 
costs of these fixed assets have changed, since they 
were invested in fixed capital, adjusting the values ​
of certain subgroups of fixed assets for changes 
in material costs, and the wage component was 
indexed on the basis of publicly available national 
statistics on wage growth over the period. For 
each item of property, plant and equipment, 
the external valuer estimated its functional and 
physical depreciation, which reduced the estimated 
replacement or replacement value. Management 
has assessed changes in the criteria used in the 
valuation since the revaluation and has estimated 
that these changes do not have a material effect on 
the value of the revalued groups of property, plant 
and equipment. 
Fixed assets of the natural gas transmission and 
storage segment
The Group’s buildings, structures, including gas 
pipeline infrastructure, and technological equipment 
are stated at revalued amounts that approximate 
their fair values. The revaluation of fixed assets in 
the natural gas transmission and storage segment 
was performed in 2020. Due to the unique nature 
and use of the assets, Level 3 data was used for the 
revaluation, which means that the data is not freely 
observable for the respective type of assets. This was 
a revaluation (the previous one took place in 2016, 
when the assets were still owned by JSC Latvijas 
Gāze), and the level of data of the used assumptions 
was not changed. The revaluation was performed by 
an external expert using the amortised replacement 
cost method. Under this method, the initial value 
of assets is determined according to the current 
prices and requirements as well as the materials 
used. The main assumptions in the revaluation 
process relate to the cost of materials used and 
average construction prices at the time of the 
revaluation. To determine the values, data available 
from JSC Conexus Baltic Grid on the construction 
of similar objects in recent years were also used. An 
important part of the revaluation was the revaluation 
of underground gas pipelines. The total length of the 
natural gas transmission pipelines is 1,188 kilometres. 
If the average construction costs in the country 
increase or the cost of materials used increases 
significantly, the value of the assets will also increase. 
If, as a result, construction costs fall or material costs 
fall, the value of the assets will also fall. Along with 
the initial value, the accumulated depreciation of 
each asset was also determined, taking the physical, 
functional and technical depreciation of the asset 
into account as the main factors. If revalued assets 
are used significantly differently or are functionally 
depreciated, the value of the revalued assets may 
decrease significantly. Management has assessed the 
price level of the pipelines and general construction 
as of 30 June 2021 and has not identified any 
material changes since the assessment. In the 
absence of any other significant changes, the 
management concluded that the carrying amount of 
revalued property, plants and equipment does not 
differ materially from the amount that would have 
been determined using fair value at the end of the 
reporting year.
2.5.	 LONG-TERM FINANCIAL INVESTMENTS
Long-term financial investments are investments in 
the equity of other companies. 
Investments in associates
Investments in associates are investments in 
companies in which the Company has significant 
influence, but not control over the other company. 
36
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 266 ---
In the parent company’s financial statements, 
investments in associates are stated at cost less 
impairment losses, if any.
In the consolidated financial statements, investments 
in equity of an associate are accounted for in 
accordance with International Accounting Standard 
(hereinafter - IAS) 28, and such investments are 
accounted for using the equity method.
Other long-term financial investments
Other long-term financial investments are 
investments in the equity of other companies in which 
the Company has no significant influence or control.
According to IFRS 9, equity instruments after initial 
recognition are measured at fair value. The Company 
chose the approach allowed by IFRS 9, initially 
recognising the financial asset, to irrevocably choose 
to reflect equity instruments that are not held for 
trading or are acquired in a business combination, at 
fair value through other comprehensive income.
2.6.	 LEASE
At the time of concluding the agreement, the 
Group and the Parent Company assess whether 
the agreement is a lease or includes a lease. An 
agreement is a lease or includes a lease if it gives 
the right to control the use of an identifiable asset 
for a specified period of time in exchange for 
consideration.
The Company as the lessee
When concluding a contract, the Company assesses 
whether the contract is a lease or includes a lease. 
The Company recognises the right-of-use asset and 
the corresponding lease liabilities in respect to all 
lease contracts in which it is the lessee; exceptions 
are possible for short-term leases (the lease term 
being 12 months or less) and leases of low-value 
assets (for example, lease of tablets and personal 
computers, as well as small office furniture and 
phone accessories). The Company recognises lease 
payments related to leases as operating expenses 
on a straight-line basis over the lease term, unless 
another systematic basis is more representative of 
the time pattern in which the economic benefits of 
the leased assets are used.
At the initial date, the Company measures the lease 
liabilities at the present value of the lease payments 
outstanding at that date. Lease payments are 
discounted using the interest rate implied by the 
lease. If this rate cannot be readily determined, the 
Company uses its comparable interest rate.
Lease payments included in the evaluation of lease 
liabilities include the following payments:
	 fixed lease payments (including, in substance, 
fixed lease payments), with the exception of 
lease payments receivable;
	 variable lease payments that depend on an 
index or rate and were initially evaluated by 
using an index or rate at the initial date;
	 the amounts that the lessee would have to pay 
as guarantees of residual value;
	 the exercise price of the call option, if there 
are sufficient grounds to believe that the lessee 
will exercise this option;
	 penalty payments for the termination of the 
lease, if the term of the lease reflects the fact 
that the lessee uses the option to terminate 
the lease.
Lease liabilities are presented as a separate item in 
the statement of financial position.
Leases are subsequently evaluated at cost, using 
the effective interest method, and decreasing the 
carrying amount to reflect the lease payments.
The Company reassesses the lease liabilities (and 
adjusts the related right-of-use asset accordingly) 
whenever:
	 the lease term has changed or a significant 
event or change in circumstances has 
occurred, resulting in a change in the 
measurement of the call option, in which 
case the lease liabilities are reevaluated by 
discounting the revised lease payments using 
the revised discount rate;
	 the lease payments change due to a change 
in an index or rate, or expected payments 
change due to a guaranteed residual value; in 
such cases, the lease liability is remeasured 
by discounting the revised lease payments 
at a constant discount rate (unless the lease 
payments change due to a change in a variable 
interest rate, in which case a revised discount 
rate is used).
The lease contract is changed and the change in 
lease is not accounted for as a separate lease, in 
which case the lease liability is reevaluated based 
on the term of the modified lease, discounting the 
revised lease payments by using the revised discount 
rate at the effective date of the modification. 
37
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 267 ---
The right-of-use asset includes the initial evaluation 
of the corresponding lease liabilities, lease payments 
made on or before the initial date, deducting any 
lease discounts received and any initial direct costs. 
They are subsequently measured at cost from which 
the accumulated depreciation and impairment 
losses have been deducted.
The right-of-use asset is amortised over the term of 
the contract.
Pursuant to the transmission system operator 
unbundling model introduced in Latvia, on 31 
December 2014, the Company entered into a 
transmission system asset lease agreement with 
the transmission system asset owner JSC “Latvijas 
elektriskie tīkli”. In accordance with the lease 
agreement for the transmission system assets by 
implementing IFRS 16, the lease term is set at 5 years.
Pursuant to the protocol decision of the Cabinet 
session of 8 October 2019 (No. 46, § 38), supporting 
the implementation of the full ownership separation 
model regarding the electric power transmission 
system operator and assigning the task to contribute 
the JSC “Latvijas elektriskie tīkli” shares owned 
by the State to JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” by 
1 July 2020, the Company reviewed the lease term 
and established a deadline of 31 December 2020.
It was established by the protocol decision 
of the Cabinet session of 17 December 2019 
(No. 59, § 75) that after the contribution of 
JSC “Latvijas elektriskie tīkli” shares owned 
by the State to JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls”, 
reorganisation of JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” and 
JSC “Latvijas elektriskie tīkli” should take place by 
incorporating JSC “Latvijas elektriskie tīkli” into 
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” by 31 December 2020.
Pursuant to the above-mentioned decisions of the 
Cabinet of Ministers with the decision of the Register 
of Enterprises of 25 November 2020, JSC “Latvijas 
elektriskie tīkli” was added to JSC “Augstsprieguma 
tīkls” on 25 November 2020.
2.7.	 INVENTORIES
Stock is presented in the lowest value of the prime 
cost or net sale value. The net sale value is the selling 
price of the stock determined during the course of 
regular operation of the Company, minus variable 
selling expenses. The prime cost is calculated using 
the weighted average method.
Purchase costs of stock include the purchase 
price, import duties and other taxes and fees, 
transportation and associated costs, as well as other 
costs directly related to the delivery of materials 
and goods. Trade discounts, rebates and similar 
discounts are deducted in determining the value of 
inventories.
The amount of inventories is verified by taking an 
inventory at the end of the year.
2.8.	 DEFERRED REVENUE
Revenue received before the balance sheet date but 
relating to the following twelve months (short-term) 
or after twelve months (long-term) is included in the 
deferred income in the balance sheet of short-term 
or long-term creditors.
Deferred income from European Union funding 
and congestion management income, once it 
has been used to finance a specific long-term 
investment project, is amortised through the 
progressive recognition of that income in the Profit 
or Loss Statement for the current financial year in 
accordance with the amortisation/depreciation 
period of the long-term investment created. 
Respectively, when the asset is disposed of or 
excluded, the proceeds are recognised at their 
residual value.
Connection fees to transmission system are non-
refundable upfront fees paid by customers to secure 
connection to the transmission network, such fees 
are not distinct performance obligations as are 
highly interrelated with transmission system services. 
Connection fees partly reimburses for the cost of 
infrastructure to be built needed to connect the 
respective customer to the network. Connection 
fees to transmission system fee is calculated in 
accordance with Latvian regulatory authority (Public 
Utilities Commission) stated methodology. Revenue 
from connection fees to transmission system 
are initially recognised as deferred income and 
recognised over the estimated customer relationship 
period of 20 years.
38
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 268 ---
2.9.	 PENSIONS, POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS
a)	 Pension liabilities
The Company makes monthly contributions to a 
closed, fixed contribution pension plan on behalf 
of employees. The plan is managed by the Joint 
Stock Company “First Closed Pension Fund” in 
which the Company participates. Contributions to 
a fixed contribution pension plan does not give the 
Company any additional legal or practical obligation 
to make further payments, if the plan does not have 
sufficient resources to pay all employee benefits 
for services provided by the employee in current or 
prior periods. Contributions are made in the amount 
of 5% (from 1 January 2018 – 6%) of the salary of 
each member of the pension plan. Contributions 
to a fixed contribution plan are recognised by the 
Company at the time when the employee provides 
the service in exchange for those contributions.
b)	 Post-employment benefit liabilities
In addition to the above mentioned pension plan, 
the Company provides certain post-employment 
benefits to employees whose employment 
conditions meet certain criteria. The liabilities 
for the benefits are calculated on the basis of the 
current salary levels and the number of employees 
who are required to receive payments, the amount 
of historical termination of labour relations, and 
actuarial assumptions.
Liabilities recognised in the balance sheet in respect 
to post-employment benefits are reflected at their 
present value at the balance sheet date, less any past 
costs.
Post-employment benefit obligations are 
recalculated for each reporting year by an 
independent actuary using the projected unit credit 
method.
The present value of the benefit obligations is 
determined by discounting the expected future 
cash outflows using interest rates of government 
securities.
The Company uses the projected unit valuation 
method to estimate the present value of its fixed 
benefit obligations and the related present and 
future costs.
According to this method it is considered that 
each period of service creates an additional unit of 
entitlement to receive the benefit and that the sum 
of all such units represents the total liability for post-
employment benefits.
The Company also uses objective and mutually 
agreed actuarial assumptions about variable 
demographic factors (such as staff turnover and 
mortality rates) and financial factors (such as 
expected salary increases and certain changes in 
benefit levels).
Actuarial gains and losses arising from adjustments 
and changes in actuarial assumptions are recognised 
in the statement of comprehensive income in the 
period in which they arise.
2.10.	CORPORATE INCOME TAX
Corporate income tax is calculated in accordance 
with the tax legislation of the Republic of Latvia, 
taking income subject to income tax in the taxation 
period into account.
The tax rate is 20 percent of the calculated tax 
applicable base, which is adjusted before the tax rate 
is applied, by dividing the object value applicable to 
corporate tax by a coefficient of 0.8.
Corporate income tax on dividend payments is 
recognised in the profit or loss statement as an 
expense in the period in which the dividends are 
declared, and for other contingent items in the 
period in which the expenses are incurred in the 
reporting year, regardless of the time of payment.
Deferred income tax 
Deferred income tax arising from temporary 
differences between the tax bases of assets and 
liabilities and their carrying amounts has been 
calculated in these financial statements using the 
liability method. Deferred income tax assets and 
liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are 
expected to apply in the period when the temporary 
differences reverse. The main temporary differences 
arise from the different depreciation rates used for 
accounting and tax purposes for property, plants and 
equipment and certain non-deductible provisions 
for tax purposes, as well as tax losses carried 
forward. 
39
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 269 ---
In accordance with International Accounting 
Standard No. 12 “Income taxes” requirements 
in cases where income tax is payable at a higher 
or lower rate depending on whether the profit 
is distributed, current and deferred tax assets 
and liabilities should be measured at the tax rate 
applicable to the retained earnings. In Latvia, 
retained earnings will be subject to a 0% tax rate. 
As the parent controls the dividend policy of its 
subsidiaries, it is able to control the timing of the 
reversal of the temporary difference relating to that 
investment, including the temporary difference 
arising from retained earnings. Therefore, in the 
consolidated financial statements, the Group was 
able to recognise deferred tax assets and liabilities 
in respect to investments in subsidiaries using the 
tax rate applicable to distributed profits. Where 
the Parent company has determined that the 
subsidiary’s profits will not be distributed in the 
foreseeable future, the Parent company does not 
recognise deferred tax assets and liabilities.
2.11.	 PROVISIONS
Provisions are recognised when the Company has 
legal or other construction obligations triggered by a 
certain past event and there is a probability present 
that the fulfilment of such liabilities would require 
the outflow of resources containing economic 
benefits from the Company, and it is possible 
to sufficiently assess the scope of liabilities. No 
provisions are made for future operating losses.
Provisions are recognised in the balance sheet by 
determining the amount of expenditure that would 
be required to settle the obligation at the balance 
sheet date as precisely as possible. Provisions are 
only used for the expenses for which the provision 
was initially recognised, and they are reversed if a 
potential outflow of resources is no longer expected.
Provisions are measured based on the present value 
of the expenses that are expected to be incurred 
to settle the present obligations, using a pre-tax 
discount rate that includes the current market value 
of the cash and the risks specific to the liabilities. 
Provisions for unused holiday are made to accurately 
reflect the Company’s liabilities to employees for 
unused holiday, if there are any. Accruals for unused 
holiday are calculated monthly in the HORIZON 
resource accounting system.
2.12.	REVENUE RECOGNITION
The Company’s revenue from customers is the value 
of products sold and services provided as a result 
of operating activities. The Company only keeps 
records for contracts with the client within the 
scope of IFRS 15 if all of the following criteria are met:
a)	 the parties to the contract have approved the 
contract (in writing, orally or in accordance 
with other normal commercial practices) 
and have undertaken to comply with their 
respective obligations;
b)	 the Company may determine the rights of each 
party regarding the goods or services to be 
transferred;
c)	 the Company may establish payment terms for 
the goods or services to be transferred; 
d)	 the agreement is of a commercial nature (i.e. 
it is expected that the contract will result in a 
change in the Company’s future cash flow risk, 
schedule or amount);
e)	 there is a possibility that the Company will 
charge an indemnity in exchange for goods or 
services transferred to the customer. When 
assessing whether it is possible to collect 
the indemnity amount, the Company only 
takes the ability and intention of the client to 
repay the indemnity in a timely manner into 
consideration.
In accordance with IFRS 15 the Company transfers 
control of a good or service over time, and thereby 
carries out its obligation of fulfilment and recognises 
revenue over time, if one of the following criteria is 
met: 
a)	 the customer simultaneously receives and 
consumes the benefits that are assured by 
the Company’s activities in the course of the 
Company’s business; 
b)	 with the operation of the Company, the asset is 
created or improved (for example, repairs) and 
the customer controls the asset at the time the 
asset is created or improved; 
c)	 the Company’s operation does not constitute 
an asset that the Company could use as an 
alternative and the Company has enforceable 
rights to payment for timely completion.
40
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 270 ---
For each performance obligation that has been 
discharged over time, the Company only recognises 
revenue over time if the Company can reasonably 
measure its progress towards the full implementation 
of the performance obligation.
The significant types of the Company’s revenue are 
as follows:
a)	 Electricity transmission system services
Based on the fact that the customer simultaneously 
receives and consumes the benefits provided by 
the Company’s operations in the course of the 
Company’s operations, the Company transfers 
control over the service over time and thus fulfils the 
performance obligation and recognises revenue over 
time.
The Company only recognises revenue from the 
performance of obligations over the term when 
control over the service is transferred to the 
customer, when (or as soon as) the customer decides 
to use the asset and benefits from it, and when 
the Company can reasonably measure its progress 
towards the full implementation of their obligations. 
Based on the fact that revenues from transmission 
system services are based on tariffs approved by the 
Public Utilities Commission, according to IFRS 15. 
the Company is entitled to receive reimbursement 
from the customer for an amount that directly 
reflects the value the customer receives from the 
Company’s timely completion of Company activities; 
for practical purposes, the Company may recognise 
revenue in the amount the Company is entitled to 
collect.
The Company recognises revenue from the provided 
transmission system services at the end of each 
month on the basis of automatically read meter 
readings.
b)	 Congestion and overload management
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” implements transmission 
system congestion and overload management in 
accordance with Article 13, Section 4 and Article 13¹, 
Section 6 of the Electricity Market Law, and receives 
a fee for cross-section restricted capacity auction 
in accordance with the mutual compensation 
mechanism and concluded contracts of the 
transmission system operators.
According to Article 16 of Regulation (EC) 
No. 714/2009 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council “On conditions for access to the network for 
cross-border exchanges in electricity and repealing 
Regulation (EC) No. 1228/2003” (hereinafter - the 
“Regulation”), any revenues resulting from the 
allocation of interconnection capacity shall be used 
for one or more of the following purposes:
a)	 ensuring the actual availability of the allocated 
capacity and/or
b)	 maintaining or improving interconnection 
capacity through network investments, in 
particular in new interconnectors;
c)	 if the revenues cannot be used effectively for 
the above purposes, they may - subject to 
approval by the regulatory authorities of the 
relevant member states - up to a maximum 
value to be determined by the mentioned 
regulatory authorities, be used as revenues 
to be taken into account by the national 
regulatory authorities when approving the 
methodology for calculating network tariffs/or 
setting network tariffs.
Considering the provisions of the Regulation, 
revenues received from congestion management, 
which are not used to eliminate overload and 
congestion in the transmission network, are 
reflected in the balance sheet as deferred income. 
Once this income has been used to finance a specific 
long-term investment project, deferred income 
is amortised through the progressive recognition 
of that income in the profit or loss statement for 
the current financial year in accordance with the 
amortisation/depreciation period of the long-term 
investment created.
Based on the fact that the customer simultaneously 
receives and consumes the benefits provided by 
the Company’s operations in the course of the 
Company’s operations, the Company transfers 
control over the service over time and thus fulfils the 
performance obligation and recognises revenue over 
time.
The Company only recognises revenue from the 
performance of obligations over the term when 
control over the service is transferred to the 
customer, when (or as soon as) the customer decides 
to use the asset and benefits from it, and when 
the Company can reasonably measure its progress 
towards the full implementation of their obligations. 
In accordance with the principle of reconciliation 
of revenues and costs, the revenues of congestion 
management that are used to eliminate congestion 
and overload in the transmission network, shall be 
shown in the profit or loss statement according to 
the amount of costs (resource method for measuring 
progress) associated with congestion and overload 
elimination.
c)	 Mandatory procurement component income
In accordance with Paragraph 105 of Cabinet 
Regulation No. 50 of 21 January 2014, Electricity 
Trading and Use Regulations, the Company collects 
mandatory procurement components (hereinafter - 
MPC) from all electricity end-users or their traders, 
if the end-user has delegated settlements to the 
trader with the Company for system and ancillary 
services.
41
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 271 ---
The revenues of MPC are determined in accordance 
with the tariffs set by the Public Utilities Commission 
and the volumes of electricity transmitted. At the 
same time, the Company is obliged to make MPC 
payments to the Public Energy Trader for the 
electricity transmitted to the end users.
Given that the Company has no influence over 
the pricing of the service and does not have the 
power to determine the price directly or indirectly, 
MPC revenue is recognised on an agent basis, with 
revenue recognised in the profit or loss statement on 
a net basis.
d)	 Income from electricity/capacity sales
According to Article 11 Section 2 of the Electricity 
Market Law, the transmission system operator may 
participate in electricity trading, if the purchase 
and sale of electricity or capacity is necessary for 
system balancing, buying ancillary services, covering 
electricity transmission losses, for the transmission 
system operator’s own consumption, or if there is a 
deviation in the system from a normal operation or 
there has been an accident.
When participating in the trade of electricity, the 
transmission system operator shall act in accordance 
with open, non-discriminatory and market based 
procedures, except in the event of deviations from 
the normal operating system or if there has been an 
accident. In the event of deviations from the normal 
operating system or in the event of an accident, the 
transmission system operator shall act in accordance 
with the provisions of the Network code.
Based on the fact that the customer simultaneously 
receives and consumes the benefits provided by the 
Company’s operations in the course of the Company’s 
operations, the Company transfers control over the 
service over time and thus fulfils the performance 
obligation and recognises revenue over time.
The Company only recognises revenue from the 
performance of obligations over the term when 
control over the service is transferred to the 
customer, when (or as soon as) the customer decides 
to use the asset and benefits from it, and when 
the Company can reasonably measure its progress 
towards the full implementation of their obligations. 
Revenue from the sale of electricity/capacity is 
recognised on the basis of acceptance notes and bills, 
which are invoiced each month for the electricity/
capacity delivered during the month in accordance 
with the contracts entered into with each other.
e)	 New construction and renewal of transmission 
assets (until 01.10.2020)
According to Article 13. Section 6 of the Electricity 
Market Law, the Company shall be responsible for 
the planning, construction, and commissioning of 
new transmission infrastructure objects during the 
development of the transmission system. In turn, 
according to Article 21.² Section 2 of the Electricity 
Market Law, the transmission system asset owner 
JSC “Latvijas elektriskie tīkli” finances capital 
investments in the transmission system assets. Within 
the framework of the service, the Company with its 
personnel resources plans, organises, documents, 
and controls the construction, reconstruction, and 
renovation works in the assets of the recipient of 
the service – JSC “Latvijas elektriskie tīkli”. The 
service includes the provision of capital investment 
project management. The service was provided until 
the addition of JSC “Latvijas elektriskie tīkli” on 25 
November 2020.
Based on the fact that the customer simultaneously 
receives and consumes the benefits provided by 
the Company’s operations in the course of the 
Company’s operations, the Company transfers 
control over the service over time and thus fulfils the 
performance obligation and recognises revenue over 
time.
The Company only recognises revenue from the 
performance of obligations over the term when 
control over the service is transferred to the 
customer, when (or as soon as) the customer decides 
to use the asset and benefits from it, and when 
the Company can reasonably measure its progress 
towards the full implementation of their obligations.
Revenue from the construction and renovation 
of transmission assets is recognised on the basis 
of mutually agreed monthly acceptance acts and 
invoices, which are invoiced monthly for the amount 
of work performed.
f)	 Fee for connection to the electricity 
transmission system
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” ensures the necessary 
connection of the system participants to the 
transmission system or the increase of the permitted 
load of the existing connections in accordance with 
the system participants’ connection regulations 
issued by the Public Utilities Commission.
Based on the fact that the Company’s operations 
do not constitute an asset that could be used 
alternatively by the Company, and the Company 
has an enforceable right to payment on time, the 
Company transfers control over the service over 
time and therefore exercises performance and 
recognises revenue over time.
The Company only recognises revenue from the 
performance of obligations over the term when 
control over the service is transferred to the 
customer, when (or as soon as) the customer decides 
to use the asset and benefits from it, and when 
the Company can reasonably measure its progress 
towards the full implementation of their obligations.
42
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 272 ---
Transmission system connection fees are recognised 
in the statement of financial position as deferred 
income and, using the straight-line method, are 
amortised to the profit and loss statement over the 
estimated period of the commercial relationship 
with the customer (lease period) - 20 years. Advance 
payments made for the provision of the service are 
reflected in the balance sheet as current liabilities 
and short-term receivables, they are not included in 
the profit or loss statement.
g)	 Revenues from transmission of natural gas
The natural gas transmission service shall be 
considered as a single performance obligation 
in accordance with IFRS 15. Trade in natural gas 
transmission capacity products is a regulated service 
provided by a subsidiary to transmission system 
users at approved tariffs. Short-term (quarterly, 
monthly, daily and current daily capacity) and 
long-term natural gas transmission capacity (annual 
capacity) products are offered. Revenues from 
transmission capacity trading products, which by 
the nature of the service means the provision of 
transmission infrastructure and does not change 
over time for each capacity unit according to the 
selected product, are recognised in the profit or loss 
statement for each reporting month in proportion to 
the user-reserved transmission capacity period.
h)	 Revenues from the storage of natural gas
The natural gas storage service shall be considered 
as a single performance obligation in accordance 
with IFRS. 15. The subsidiary provides the Inčukalns 
underground gas storage capacity trading services 
at approved tariffs to storage users who have 
reserved natural gas storage capacity during the 
storage season. Revenues from the sale of storage 
capacity, which by the nature of the service means 
the provision of Inčukalns underground gas storage 
infrastructure and does not change during the 
storage season, are recognised for each reporting 
month according to the storage tariff and in 
proportion to the remaining months until the end of 
the storage season.
i)	 Revenue from balancing (natural gas)
The subsidiary shall maintain information 
regarding the amount of natural gas entered into 
the transmission system and withdrawn from the 
transmission system by the natural gas transmission 
system users and calculate the imbalance. The 
amount of daily imbalance is the difference between 
input and output. In cases where a negative 
imbalance occurs to the transmission system user, 
the charge for the amount of imbalance for each day 
is calculated by multiplying the calculated amount by 
the daily published balancing natural gas sales price 
(the obligation to perform balancing is equal for 
each unit of transported gas volume). Revenues from 
balancing shall be recognised for each reporting 
month when a negative imbalance occurs in the 
natural gas transmission system user, which has 
caused a natural gas shortage in the transmission 
system. In the financial statements, the income from 
balancing is presented in the other income section at 
net value (less income for periods when the balance 
is positive). If market participants cause differences 
and if the subsidiary does not have sufficient gas 
resources to ensure the proper functioning of 
the gas transmission system, the subsidiary shall 
purchase appropriate quantities of balancing gas.
2.13.	RECOGNITION OF COSTS
Costs are recognised on an accrual basis. Accounting 
costs include all foreseeable costs and contingent 
liabilities incurred in the current or prior years, even 
if they become known between the balance sheet 
date and the date of preparation of the financial 
statements, regardless of the date of receipt of the 
invoice, as the Company’s economic transactions 
are accounted for and presented in the financial 
statements on the basis of their economic content 
and nature, not merely their legal form.
Operating expenses and other expenses indicated 
in the profit or loss statement are disclosed in the 
annexes to the financial statements in more detailed 
terms.
2.14.	LONG-TERM AND SHORT-TERM LIABILITIES
The Company’s trade payables are initially 
recognised at fair value and subsequently measured 
at amortised cost using the effective interest rate 
method. Liabilities to suppliers and contractors 
are stated in the financial statements according to 
supporting documents and entries in the accounting 
43
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 273 ---
records in the amount of invoices received from 
suppliers of the Company, but not paid at the end of 
the reporting period.
Accrued expenses that have been incurred during 
the reporting year when the amount of such costs 
or the date of payment during the reporting period 
is clearly known, but the invoices containing which 
have not yet been received from the suppliers, are 
included in the item “Accrued liabilities”.
2.15.	BORROWINGS AND LOANS
Borrowings are divided into long-term and short-
term borrowings. 
Borrowings are initially recognised at fair value, 
net transaction costs incurred. In subsequent 
periods, borrowings are stated at amortised cost. 
The difference between the proceeds and the 
redemption value of the loan, deducting the costs 
related to the receipt of the loans, is gradually 
included in the profit or loss statement, except for 
the capitalised portion. 
Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless 
there is an unconditional right to defer settlement of 
the liability for at least 12 months after the balance 
sheet date.
General and specific borrowing costs that relate 
directly to the acquisition or construction of 
qualifying assets, i.e. assets that require a significant 
period of time before their expected use or sale, are 
added to the costs of creating or acquiring those 
assets until they are actually ready for their intended 
use.
Loans
Loans are initially recognised at fair value. In 
subsequent periods, loans are stated at amortised 
cost. The difference between the proceeds and 
the redemption value of the loan is recognised in 
the Profit or Loss Statement over the period of the 
loan using the effective interest method. Loans are 
presented as short-term receivables or as long-term 
receivables if there is an undisputed right to defer 
the fulfilment of these obligations for at least 12 
(twelve) months after the balance sheet date.
2.16.	RELATED PARTIES
Company shareholder, members of the Board, 
members of the Supervisory Board, their close 
relatives and companies, in which they have 
significant influence or control, are defined as 
related parties.
As all the shares of JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” 
are 100% owned by the Republic of Latvia, state-
controlled capital companies are also considered 
related parties.
2.17.	 SEGMENT INFORMATION 
Reportable segments are operating segments or 
sets of segments that meet certain criteria. An 
operating segment is a component of the Group 
that is engaged in business activities from which it 
can earn revenues and cover expenses (including 
income and expenses related to transactions with 
other components of the Group), the results of 
which are regularly reviewed by the Company’s chief 
operating decision-maker, to make decisions about 
the resources allocated to the segment, evaluate 
its performance and for which separate financial 
information is available. The Group considers that 
it operates in three segments (Electricity Supply, 
Natural Gas Storage and Transmission), the Group 
operates geographically only in the territory of 
Latvia.
44
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 274 ---
2.18.	USE OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND 
ASSUMPTIONS
In preparing consolidated financial statements in 
accordance with IFRS, the Company’s management 
is required to make estimates and assumptions that 
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities 
on the reporting date and the reported amounts 
of income and expenses in the current period. The 
following estimates of the Company’s management 
have a significant impact on the results of the 
financial statements:
	 Expenditure related to public participation 
in the compensation mechanism for losses of 
electricity transit flows developed by ENTSO-E
Based on statistical and analytical information 
as well as expert forecasts, the Company 
makes estimates and assumptions regarding 
expenses related to the Company’s 
participation in the Inter Transmission System 
Operator Compensation Mechanism (ITC 
mechanism) developed by ENTSO-E. The ITC 
mechanism is a transit mechanism to cover 
the costs of transit losses of 35 transmission 
system operators in Europe, with two funds: 
the Framework Fund and the united European 
Union TSOs transit flow volume fund (WWT – 
with and without transit), which varies 
according to the electricity market situation. 
The most important factor influencing the 
estimate are the electricity transit flows 
affecting the volume of the WWT Fund in all 
European electricity transmission networks, 
as well as the price of transit losses in the 
ITC Member States. The forecast is made 
in each Member State on the basis of loss 
measurements per month and the loss price.
The amount of accrued expenses in June 
2021 is 704 748 EUR. Provisions are made on 
the basis of settlement statements for period 
January – April accepted by the Company 
(total amount 484 748 EUR), which are not 
invoiced on 30 June 2020. EUR 220 000 EUR 
have been estimated, taking into account 
the losses caused by transit flows. Below the 
assessment of the sensitivity of the revenue 
estimate at June 2021 is provided.
Transit loss price
WWT amount
A decrease of 20%
A increase of 20%
A decrease of  20%
A increase of 20%
The provision of transit 
expenses changes
(19 306)
19 306
(25 812)
25 812
	 Post-employment benefit liabilities
Based on statistical and analytical information 
as well as estimates made by specialists, the 
Company makes estimates and assumptions 
about post-employment benefit obligations as 
described in Annex 2.8.
In the reporting year, the discount rate used to 
discount post-employment benefit obligations 
is fixed at 0.392% (in 2019 – 0,744%). The 
discount rate is determined in accordance with 
the requirements of International Financial 
Reporting Standards whereby the discount 
rate should be determined by reference to 
the market rate of return on high-quality 
corporate bonds on the balance sheet date; 
moreover, the discount rate should reflect the 
time value of money rather than the actuarial 
or investment risk.
Pursuant to the provisions of the Collective 
Bargaining Agreement, which envisages the 
annual indexation of employees’ wages in the 
amount of inflation, when calculating post-
employment benefit accruals, no increase in 
employees’ salaries is planned in 2021, 1.1% in 
2022, 1.6% in 2023, 1.7% in 2024, thereinafter - 
2.0%.
Sensitivity analysis of the total value of post-employment benefit as of 30 June 2021, EUR
Increase 
Decrease
Discount rate (+/-1%)
103 014
(230 306)
4%
-9%
Monthly salary increase (+/- 1%)
248 696
(210 835)
9%
-8%
Employee turnover rate (+/- 1%)
293 674
(244 688)
11%
-9%
45
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 275 ---
Book value of intangible assets and property, 
plants and equipment
The Group’s management evaluates the 
carrying amount of intangible assets and 
fixed assets and assesses whether there are 
any indications that the recoverable amount 
of assets is lower than the carrying amount. 
The Group’s management calculates and 
recognises impairment losses of intangible 
assets and fixed assets based on estimates of 
their future use, disposal or sale. Given the 
projected business volumes and the potential 
market value of the assets, management 
believes that no significant adjustments to the 
value of intangible assets and fixed assets as of 
30 June 2021 are required. 
In accordance with the Group’s accounting 
policy, the Group companies make estimates 
regarding the useful lives and residual values 
of property, plants and equipment. These 
estimates are based on past experience as well 
as industry practice and are reviewed at the 
end of each reporting year.
The Company tests property, plants and 
equipment for impairment whenever events 
or changes in circumstances indicate that 
the carrying amount may not be recoverable. 
According to the valuation, if necessary, 
the value of assets is written down to their 
recoverable amount.
In assessing impairment, management uses 
various estimates of cash flows arising from the 
use, sale, maintenance and repair of property, 
plants and equipment, as well as increases in 
inflation and interest rates.
Estimates are based on forecasts of the 
general economic environment, consumption 
and electricity sales prices. Should the actual 
situation change in the future, an additional 
impairment loss would be recognised or the 
recognised impairment loss could be partially 
or fully reduced. 
Impairment losses are recognised in the 
respective reporting period.
Revaluation of property, plants and equipment 
at a revalued amount is performed by 
external, certified appraisers in accordance 
with property valuation standards, based on 
the existing use of the property, plants and 
equipment that are considered to be the best 
and most efficient. As a result of revaluation, 
the fair value of each fixed asset is determined. 
The Group’s management assesses annually 
whether the carrying amount of revalued 
property, plants and equipment differs 
materially from its fair value on the balance 
sheet date. 
The Group’s companies make estimates 
regarding the useful lives of emergency repair 
spare parts and, based on past experience, 
including an assessment of future events, this 
is determined based on the useful life of the 
original equipment.
	 Deferred income tax
Deferred tax liabilities are recognised in the 
consolidated financial statements for the 
retained earnings of subsidiaries, from which 
tax will be calculated at the time of distribution 
in the foreseeable future. Other deferred tax 
assets and liabilities are not recognised. In 
cases where the total result of the deferred tax 
calculation would be reflected in the balance 
sheet asset, it is recognised in the balance 
sheet when it is probable that the relevant 
enterprise will have sufficient taxable income 
to cover temporary differences.
Deferred income tax liabilities are recognised 
in the consolidated financial statements for the 
pre-tax profit of the subsidiaries to the extent 
that the parent company, as a shareholder, will 
decide on the distribution of these profits in 
dividends in the near future.
	 Investment into a subsidiary
An investment in a subsidiary is initially 
recognised in accordance with IFRS 3 Business 
Combinations. At the time of investment, the 
fair value of identifiable assets and liabilities 
is assessed. Identifiable assets acquired 
and liabilities and contingent liabilities 
assumed in a business combination are 
initially measured at their fair values on the 
acquisition date, irrespective of the extent 
of any minority interest. Goodwill/gain on a 
bargain is measured as the excess of the total 
of acquisition value and value of the non-
controlling interest part and the amount of 
the identified acquired assets and assumed 
liabilities.
	 Lease Calculation and Asset Use Rights
The Group’s management applies certain 
assumptions when calculating the right to 
use the balance sheet of assets and leasing 
liabilities. Management believes that such 
assumptions are reasonably appropriate until 
31 December 2020. The accounting policies 
relevant to IFRS 16 “Leases” are described in 
Note 21.
46
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 276 ---
2.19.	RECONCILIATION BETWEEN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls”
Group
31.12.2020
Adjustments
31.12.2020
31.12.2020
Adjustments
31.12.2020
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
ASSETS
Non-current assets
Intangible investments
1 435 210 
-
1 435 210 
3 307 881
-
3 307 881
Fixed assets
654 359 778 
-
654 359 778 
1 067 674 394
-
1 067 674 394
Right-of-use assets
14 212 293 
-
14 212 293 
14 715 877
-
14 715 877
Non-current financial 
investments
134 396 393 
-
134 396 393 
1 210 860
-
1 210 860
Total non-current assets
804 403 674 
-
804 403 674 
1 086 909 012
-
1 086 909 012 
Current assets
Inventories
514 087 
-
514 087 
3 535 090
-
3 535 090
Trade receivables
1 673 797 
-
1 673 797 
8 528 491
-
8 528 491
Deposits
25 000 000 
-
25 000 000 
25 000 000
-
25 000 000
Other current assets
31 647 751 
-
31 647 751 
31 740 753
-
31 740 753
Corporate income tax
11 512 
-
11 512 
11 512
-
11 512
Deferred expenses
629 093 
-
629 093 
979 586
-
979 586
Accrued income
9 422 703 
-
9 422 703 
9 422 703
-
9 422 703
Cash
32 224 560 
-
32 224 560 
47 388 296
-
47 388 296
Total current assets
101 123 503 
-
101 123 503 
126 606 431
-
126 606 431
TOTAL ASSETS
905 527 177 
-
905 527 177 
1 213 515 443
-
1 213 515 443
47
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 277 ---
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls”
Group
31.12.2020
Adjustments
31.12.2020
31.12.2020
Adjustments
31.12.2020
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity
Share capital
363 896 079 
-
363 896 079 
363 896 079
-
363 896 079
Reserves
4 172 258
-
4 172 258 
6 304 575
-
6 304 575
Retained earnings
6 741 633
-
6 741 633 
82 722 433
-
82 722 433
Profit for the reporting 
year
9 999 392
-
9 999 392 
64 051 311
-
64 051 311
Non-controlling interests
-
-
- 
122 228 140
-
122 228 140
Total equity
384 809 362
-
384 809 362 
639 202 537
-
639 202 537
Non‑current liabilities
Employee benefit 
obligations
2 636 255
-
2 636 255 
3 664 749
-
3 664 749
Lease liabilities
13 761 561
-
13 761 561 
14 215 413
-
14 215 413
Loans 
86 672 207
-
86 672 207 
86 672 207
-
86 672 207
Deferred revenue
279 847 333
-
279 847 333 
290 629 069
-
290 629 069
Advance payments 
received
162 277
(162 277)
- 
162 277
(162 277)
-
Total non‑current 
liabilities
383 079 633
(162 277)
382 917 356 
395 343 715
(162 277)
395 181 438
Current liabilities
Loans
116 200 000
-
116 200 000 
138 075 000
-
138 075 000
Lease liabilities
657 434
-
657 434 
717 652
-
717 652
Deferred revenue
5 973 540
162 277
6 135 817 
7 226 470
162 277
7 388 747
Trade payables
4 908 151
3 178 230
8 086 381 
12 544 628
3 178 230
15 722 857
Taxes and mandatory 
state social insurance 
contributions
1 754 449
-
1 754 449 
2 811 710
-
2 811 710
Deferred corporate 
income tax liabilities
-
-
- 
5 152 360
-
5 152 360
Advance payments 
received
602 252
-
602 252 
1 255 537
-
1 255 537
Other creditors
2 232 912
2 232 912 
2 963 606
-
2 963 606
Accrued liabilities
5 309 444
(3 178 230)
2 131 214 
8 222 228
(3 178 230)
5 043 999
Total current liabilities
137 638 182
162 277
137 800 459 
178 969 191
162 277
179 131 468 
TOTAL EQUITY AND 
LIABILITIES
905 527 177
-
905 527 177 
1 213 515 443
-
1 213 515 443
48
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 278 ---
3.	 REVENUE
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls”
Group
6 months 
of 2021
6 months 
of 2020
6 months 
of 2021
6 months 
of 2020
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
Electricity transmission service
38 166 068 
36 301 375 
38 166 068 
36 301 375 
Revenues from transmission of natural gas
- 
- 
18 449 706 
- 
Revenues from the storage of natural gas
- 
- 
10 997 735 
- 
Sale of balancing electricity
7 838 075 
5 931 926 
7 838 075 
5 931 926 
Revenues from connection fees
1 673 306 
- 
1 673 306 
- 
Cross-border electricity perimeter charges
1 213 461 
- 
1 213 461 
- 
Revenue from reactive electricity
276 452 
262 204 
276 452 
262 204 
Sale of regulatory electricity
79 133 
192 963 
79 133 
192 963 
Liquidation of electrical capacity overload
60 385 
100 331 
60 385 
100 331 
Reconstruction and renewal of transmission system 
assets**
- 
36 084 258 
- 
28 440 491 
Electricity transit service
- 
650 962 
- 
650 962 
Other services
1 598 469 
631 556 
1 598 469
966 665
TOTAL REVENUE
50 905 349 
80 155 575 
80 352 790 
72 846 917
*	 As of 21 July 2020, the Company owns 68.46 per-cent of the shares in AS Conexus Baltic Grid and has a decisive influence in the company. JSC “Conexus Baltic 
Grid” is the unified natural gas transmission and storage operator in Latvia. Conexus offers its customers natural gas transmission and storage services in 
accordance with the tariffs set by the Public Utilities Commission.
**	 Pursuant to Decision No. 18 of the PUC Council of 30 January 2013 “On the Certification of the Electricity Transmission System Operator”, from January 1 
2015 AST took over the business lines of maintenance and development of transmission system assets from JSC “Latvijas elektriskie tīkli” and ensures active 
new construction, reconstruction and renovation. According to Section 21² of the Electricity Market Law, the transmission system asset owner JSC “Latvijas 
elektriskie tīkli” finances capital investments in the transmission system assets, which are decided by JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls”. Pursuant to the minutes of 
the sitting of the Cabinet of Ministers of the Republic of Latvia of 8 October 2019 (No. 46, § 38) and the protocol decision of the sitting of 17 December 2019 
(No. 59, § 75), in accordance with the decision of the Register of Enterprises of the Republic of Latvia of 25 November 2020, JSC “Latvijas elektriskie tīkli” was 
excluded from the Register of Enterprises on 25 November 2020 and JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” was added.
4.	 OTHER INCOME
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls”
Group
6 months 
of 2021
6 months 
of 2020
6 months 
of 2021
6 months 
of 2020
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
EU financial support (investment)
1 602 857
3 959
1 771 612
3 959
Sale of current assets and fixed assets
3 657
123 357
3 657
123 357
EU financial support (training)
840
-
840
-
Revenue from balancing, net
-
-
(427 099)
-
Other revenue
48 040
22 709
751 268
34 047
TOTAL OTHER INCOME
1 655 394
150 025
2 100 278
161 363
49
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 279 ---
5.	 USED RAW MATERIALS AND MATERIALS, REPAIR COSTS
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls”
Group
6 months 
of 2021
6 months 
of 2020
6 months 
of 2021
6 months 
of 2020
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
Purchase of balancing electricity
6 056 697 
4 366 415 
 6 056 697 
4 366 415
Transmission electricity losses and technological 
consumption
4 486 849 
2 717 282 
 4 486 849 
2 717 282
Purchase of regulatory electricity
1 835 192 
1 549 953 
 1 835 192 
1 549 953
Natural gas transmission and storage system 
maintenance services
- 
- 
1 851 063 
-
Electricity transit losses
1 719 575 
536 223 
 1 719 575 
536 223
Costs of materials used and repairs
416 375 
379 035 
 793 327 
 (7 218 301) 
Natural gas costs
- 
- 
 505 300 
-
Electricity for own consumption
145 824 
114 346 
 145 824 
114 346
TOTAL USED RAW MATERIALS AND MATERIALS, 
REPAIR COSTS
14 660 512 
9 663 254 
17 393 827 
2 065 918
6.	 PERSONNEL EXPENSES
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls”
Group
6 months 
of 2021
6 months 
of 2020
6 months 
of 2021
6 months 
of 2020
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
Remuneration for work
6 516 089
6 338 194
10 960 706
6 349 482
State social insurance contributions and benefits 
determined by the collective agreement
1 573 299
1 604 579
2 630 846
1 607 299
Contributions to the pension plan
309 529
299 840
565 385
300 144
Other staff costs
-
-
4 794
-
TOTAL PERSONNEL EXPENSES (INCLUDING 
REMUNERATION TO THE MANAGEMENT OF THE 
COMPANY)
8 398 917
8 242 613
14 161 731
8 256 895
including Remuneration to the company’s 
management (board, council):
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls”
Group
6 months 
of 2021
6 months 
of 2020
6 months 
of 2021
6 months 
of 2020
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
Remuneration for work
274 136
323 724
590 799
329 534
State social insurance contributions 
64 615
77 985
139 370
79 385
Contributions to the pension plan
-
-
24 020
-
TOTAL STAFF COSTS (INCLUDING REMUNERATION 
TO THE MANAGEMENT OF THE COMPANY)
338 751
401 709
754 189
401 709
50
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 280 ---
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls”
Group
6 months 
of 2021
6 months 
of 2020
6 months 
of 2021
6 months 
of 2020
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
Number of employees at the end of the reporting year
532
548
887
550
Average number of employees in the reporting year
539
548
875
550
7.	 OTHER OPERATING EXPENSES
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls”
Group
6 months 
of 2021
6 months 
of 2020
6 months 
of 2021
6 months 
of 2020
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
Electricity capacity reserve maintenance costs
2 034 680
2 108 445
2 034 680
2 108 445
Telecommunication provision services
1 436 122
1 457 668
1 436 122
1 457 668
Transportation costs
273 930
351 352
388 189
351 352
IT system maintenance costs
534 021
391 755
859 145
391 755
Premises and territory maintenance costs
504 448
463 073
504 448
463 073
Local taxes and fees
102 107
74 158
761 802
74 158
Nature and labour protection costs
53 114
48 492
53 114
48 492
Transmission asset reconstruction and renovation works
- 
36 057 747
- 
36 057 747
Liquidation of electrical capacity overload
-
27 731
-
27 731
Various business costs
1 557 470
(247 226)
2 562 149
(265 252)
TOTAL OTHER OPERATING EXPENSES
6 495 892
40 733 195
8 599 649
40 715 169
8.	 NET FINANCE INCOME/(COSTS)
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls”
Group
6 months 
of 2021
6 months 
of 2020
6 months 
of 2021
6 months 
of 2020
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
a) Finance income
Interest income from loans
-
35 987
-
35 987
Interest income from placed term deposits
-
18 200
18 200
Other financial income
2 290 
- 
2 549
-
Total finance income
2 290
54 187
2 549
54 187
b) Finance costs
Borrowing interest costs
(1 425 025)
(248 664)
(1 527 023)
(433 898)
Capitalized borrowing interest
201 945
-
201 954
-
Interest expense on asset leases IFRS16
(118 985)
- 
(130 377)
-
Other finance costs
(2 106)
(10 108)
(3 106)
(10 108)
Total finance costs
(1 344 162)
(258 772)
(1 458 552)
(444 006)
51
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 281 ---
9.	 INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
9.1.	 INTANGIBLE ASSETS
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls”
Computer 
software
Transmission 
usage rights
Costs of 
creating 
intangible 
investments
Advance 
payment for 
rights of use
Total
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
31 December, 2019
 
 
 
 
 
Initial value
1 163 497
11 493 000
382 708
38 028 090
51 067 295
Accumulated depreciation and impairment
(640 782)
(13 095)
- 
- 
(653 877)
Residual value as of 31 December 2019
522 715
11 479 905
382 708
38 028 090
50 413 419
2020
Purchased
90 139
246 521
336 660
Depreciation
(93 000)
(287 326)
(380 326)
Residual value as of 30 June 2020
519 854
11 192 579
629 229
38 028 090
50 369 753
Invested as a result of reorganisation
- 
1 080
- 
- 
1 080
Purchased
208 387
- 
209 643
- 
418 030
Regrouped
639 372
- 
(639 372)
- 
-
Disposals
- 
(11 048 917)
- 
(38 028 090)
(49 077 008)
Depreciation
(132 960)
(143 685)
- 
- 
(276 645)
Residual value as of 31 December 2020
1 234 653
1 057
199 500
-
1 435 210
Initial value
2 108 318
1 892
199 500
- 
2 309 709
Accumulated depreciation and impairment
(873 665)
(835)
-
- 
(874 500)
Residual value on 31 December 2020
1 234 653
1 057
199 500
-
1 435 210
2021
Purchased
361 090
- 
143 502
- 
504 592
Depreciation
(153 657)
(47)
- 
- 
(153 704)
Residual value as of 30 June 2021
1 442 086
1 010
343 002
-
1 786 098
On 30 June 2021
Initial value
2 465 328
1 892
343 002
- 
2 810 222
Accumulated depreciation and impairment
(1 023 242)
(882)
- 
- 
(1 024 124)
Residual value as of 30 June 2021
1 442 086
1 010
343 002
-
1 786 098
52
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 282 ---
Group
Computer 
software
Transmission 
usage rights
Costs of 
creating 
intangible 
investments
Advance 
payment for 
rights of use
Total
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
31 December, 2019
 
 
 
 
 
Initial value
1 163 497
11 493 000
382 708
38 028 090
51 067 295
Accumulated depreciation and impairment
(640 782)
(13 095)
-
-
(653 877)
Residual value as of 30 June 2019
522 715
11 479 905
382 708
38 028 090
50 413 418
2020
Disposals
(11 164 663)
(38 028 090)
(49 192 753)
Depreciation
(47)
(47)
Residual value as of 31 December 2020
522 715
315 195
382 708
-
1 220 618
Balances of JSC “Conexus Baltic Grid” on 
31.07.2020 July
1 320 926
- 
206 999 
- 
1 527 923
Balances of JSC “Latvijas elektriskie tīkli”
-
1 080
-
- 
1 080
Purchased
298 526
-
1 042 403
- 
1 340 929
Regrouped
1 372 573
-
(1 426 240)
- 
(53 667)
Disposals
(281)
115 746
-
-
115 465
Depreciation
(413 505)
(430 964)
-
- 
(844 469)
Residual value as of 31 December 2020
3 100 954
1 057
205 870
3 307 881
Initial value
2 108 318
1 892
199 500
- 
2 309 710
As a result of the control, JSC “Conexus Baltic 
Grid” on 31.12.2020.
7 698 983
-
6 370
-
7 705 353
Accumulated depreciation and impairment
(873 665)
(835)
-
- 
(874 500)
As a result of the control, JSC “Conexus Baltic 
Grid” on 31.12.2020
(5 832 682)
-
-
-
(5 832 682)
Residual value as of 31 December 2020
3 100 953
1 057
205 870
 
3 307 881
2021
Purchased
361 090
-
438 147
- 
799 237
Regrouped
81 767
-
(81 767)
- 
-
Disposals
(6 357)
(6 357)
Depreciation
(498 390)
(47)
 
(498 437)
Residual value as of 30 June 2021
3 039 064
1 010
562 250
 
3 602 324
30 June 2021
Initial value
10 236 238
1 892
562 250
- 
10 800 380
Accumulated depreciation and impairment
(7 197 174)
(882)
-
- 
(7 198 056)
Residual value as of 30 June 2021
3 039 064
1 010
562 250
- 
3 602 324
53
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 283 ---
9.2.	 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls”
Land, 
buildings 
and civil 
engineering 
works 
Power 
transmission 
lines and 
technological 
equipment
Other fixed 
assets
Costs of 
unfinished 
construction 
objects
Total
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
31 December, 2019
Initial value
-
6 815
9 933 969
1 000 165
10 940 949
Accumulated depreciation and impairment
-
(6 815)
(5 442 932)
-
(5 449 747)
Residual value as of 31 December 2019
-
-
4 491 037
1 000 165
5 491 202
2020
Purchased
-
-
350 165
333 388
683 553
Depreciation
-
-
(791 289)
(791 289)
Residual value as of 30 June 2020
4 049 913
1 333 553
5 383 466
Balances of JSC “Latvijas elektriskie tīkli” 
on 30.09.2020.
39 058 031
495 601 436
1 723 011
106 605 514
642 987 992
Purchased
35 100
-
1 285 814
13 010 330
14 331 244
Regrouped
1 467 941
27 540 385
538 839
(29 547 165)
-
Sold
- 
- 
- 
(283 386)
(283 386)
Written off
(60)
(34 175)
(1 973)
- 
(36 208)
Depreciation
(555 509)
(6 280 342)
(1 077 935)
-
(7 913 786)
Adjustment
- 
- 
- 
(109 544)
(109 544)
Residual value as of 31 December 2020
40 005 503
516 827 304
6 517 669
91 009 302
654 359 778
31 December 2020
Initial/revalued value
47 694 860
1 065 211 783
21 072 775
91 009 302
1 224 988 720
Accumulated depreciation and impairment
(7 689 357)
(548 384 479)
(14 555 106)
-
(570 628 942)
Residual value as of 31 December 2020
40 005 503
516 827 304
6 517 669
91 009 302
654 359 778
2021 
 
 
 
 
 
Purchased
- 
- 
3 359 143
11 274 854
14 633 997
Regrouped
926 744
82 602 748
1 692 615
(85 222 107)
-
Sold
-
-
(3 676)
(64 965)
(68 641)
Written off
- 
(110 474)
(1 094) 
- 
(111 568)
Depreciation
(1 043 762)
(13 039 076)
(1 567 385)
- 
(15 650 223)
Residual value as of 30 June 2021
39 888 485
586 280 502
9 997 272
16 997 084
653 163 343
Initial/revalued value
48 621 304
1 144 184 949
26 077 051
16 997 084
1 235 880 388
Accumulated depreciation and impairment
(8 732 819)
(557 904 447)
(16 079 779)
- 
(582 717 045)
Residual value as of 30 June 2021
39 888 485
586 280 502
9 997 272
16 997 084
653 163 343
54
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 284 ---
Group
Land, 
buildings and 
engineering 
structures 
Production 
equipment
Other fixed 
assets
Emergency 
spare parts
Costs of 
unfinished 
construction 
objects
Total
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
31 December, 2019
Initial value
-
6 815
9 933 969
-
1 000 165
10 940 949
Accumulated depreciation 
and impairment
-
(6 815)
(5 442 932)
-
-
(5 449 747)
Residual value as of 
31 December 2019
-
-
4 491 037
-
1 000 165
5 491 202
2020
Balances of JSC Latvijas 
elektriskie tīkli on 31.05.2020.
41 393 506
504 246 362
197 790
-
80 976 728
626 814 386
Purchased
350 165
7 930 724
8 280 889
Depreciation
(3 176 845)
(3 176 845)
Residual value as of 
30 June 2020
41 393 506
504 246 362
1 862 147
-
89 907 617
637 409 632
Balances of JSC “Conexus 
Baltic Grid” on 31.07.2020
318 876 576
73 193 452
2 118 839
1 404 726
10 683 906
406 277 499
Purchased
35 100
226 151
6 628 871
-
44 333 395
51 223 517
Regrouped
8 692 116
20 635 288
538 839
-
(40 771 326)
(10 905 083)
Sold
-
-
-
-
(283 386)
(283 386)
Written off
(2 157 085)
(827 820)
(133 178)
-
-
(3 118 083)
Depreciation
(3 481 458)
(7 505 451)
(1 991 711)
-
-
(12 978 620)
Adjustment
-
-
-
158 462
(109 544)
48 918
Residual value as of 
31 December 2020
363 358 755
589 967 982
9 023 807
1 563 188
103 760 662
1 067 674 394
31 December 2020
Initial value
47 694 860
1 065 211 783
21 072 775
-
91 009 302
1 224 988 720
As a result of the control, 
JSC “Conexus Baltic Grid” on 
31.07.2020.
761 944 987
130 919 337
7 367 348
1 404 727
4 657 656
906 294 055
Accumulated depreciation 
and impairment
(7 689 357)
(548 384 479)
(14 555 106)
-
-
(570 628 942)
As a result of the control, 
JSC “Conexus Baltic Grid” on 
31.07.2020.
(438 591 735)
 (57 778 659)
(4 861 210)
158 461
8 093 704
(492 979 439)
Residual value as of 
31 December 2020
363 358 755
589 967 982
9 023 807
1 563 188
103 760 662
1 067 674 394
2021
Purchased
40 100
3 583 253
-
21 393 896
25 017 249
Regrouped
4 932 560
82 636 500
1 692 615
-
(89 345 613)
(83 938)
Sold
(3 676)
(64 965)
(68 641)
Written off
(144 237)
(140 558)
(2 189)
-
-
(286 984)
Depreciation
(6 699 940)
(15 405 039)
(1 937 462)
-
-
(24 042 441)
Residual value associate as 
of 30 June 2021
361 447 138
657 098 985
12 356 348
1 563 188
35 743 980
1 068 209 639
Initial value
814 166 172
1 274 918 897
33 575 683
1 563 188
35 743 980
2 159 967 920
Accumulated depreciation 
and impairment
(452 719 034)
(617 819 912)
(21 219 335)
-
-
(1 091 758 281)
Residual value as of 
30 June 2021
361 447 138
657 098 985
12 356 348
1 563 188
35 743 980
1 068 209 639
55
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 285 ---
10.	NON-CURRENT FINANCIAL INVESTMENTS
30.06.2021
31.12.2020
EUR
EUR
Participation in the capital of subsidiaries, including:
134 394 971 
134 394 971
JSC “Conexus Baltic Grid”
134 394 971 
134 394 971
Ownership in the capital of other companies, including:
1 422
1 422
JSC “Pirmais slēgtais pensiju fonds”
1 422
1 422
Residual value at the end of the reporting period
134 396 393 
134 396 393
Name of the Company
Location
Type of business activity
Shares (percentage)
JSC “Conexus Baltic Grid”
Latvia
Natural gas transmission and storage 
operator in Latvia
68.46%
JSC “Pirmais slēgtais pensiju fonds”
Latvia
Management of pension plans
1.9%
*	 The parent company owns 1.9% of the capital of JSC “Pirmais slēgtais pensiju fonds”. The Company is a nominal shareholder, as all the risks and rewards of the 
Fund are undertaken or acquired by the Company’s employees, who are members of the pension plan
11.	 INVENTORIES
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls”
Group
30.06.2021
31.12.2020
30.06.2021
31.12.2020
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
Materials and spare parts
524 267
514 087
2 192 458
2 137 535
Natural gas
- 
- 
1 354 547
1 477 709
Provisions for slow-moving inventories
- 
- 
(73 094)
(80 154)
TOTAL STOCK
524 267
514 087
3 473 911
3 535 090
56
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 286 ---
12.	TRADE RECEIVABLES
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls”
Group
30.06.2021
31.12.2020
30.06.2021
31.12.2020
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
Trade receivables
Electricity transmission system service debt
1 104 031
1 210 290 
1 104 031
 1 210 290 
Other trade receivables
48 376
479 125 
7 174 444
7 333 819
Total trade receivables
1 152 407
1 689 415 
8 278 475
8 544 109
For other trade receivables
(11 244)
(15 617)
(11 244)
(15 617)
Total provisions for doubtful accounts
(11 244)
(15 617)
(11 244)
(15 617)
Net accounts receivable
Electricity transmission system service debt
1 104 031
1 210 290 
1 104 031
1 210 290 
Other trade receivables
37 131
463 508 
7 163 200
7 318 201 
NET TRADE RECEIVABLES
1 141 163
1 673 798 
8 267 231
8 528 491
Impairment of trade receivables
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls”
Group
30.06.2021
31.12.2020
30.06.2021
31.12.2020
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
At the beginning of the reporting year
15 617 
31 154 
15 617
31 154
Included in the profit or loss statement
(4 373)
(15 537)
(4 373) 
(15 537) 
At the end of the reporting period
11 244 
15 617 
11 244
15 617
13.	OTHER DEBTORS
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls”
Group
30.06.2021
31.12.2020
30.06.2021
31.12.2020
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
Deposits
-
25 000 000 
-
25 000 000 
Overpaid taxes, including:
1 611 415
11 512 
1 611 415
11 512 
Corporate income tax
1 611 415
11 512 
1 611 415
11 512 
EU funding received
31 792 941
31 570 973 
31 792 941
31 570 973 
The rest of the receivables
80 561
76 778 
151 710
169 780 
TOTAL OTHER DEBTORS
33 484 917
56 659 263 
33 556 066
56 752 265
57
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 287 ---
14.	ACCRUED INCOME
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls”
Group
30.06.2021
31.12.2020
on 30.06.2021.
on 31.12.2020.
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
Provisions for income from provided services
For transmission system service revenue
6 273 063 
6 346 934 
6 273 063 
6 346 934 
For the sale of balancing electricity
1 811 441 
1 365 183 
1 811 441 
1 365 183 
For mandatory purchase component revenue
393 568 
627 107 
393 568 
627 107 
For building maintenance service revenue
194 734 
39 779 
194 734 
39 779 
Cross-border electricity perimeter charges
124 830 
211 132 
124 830 
211 132 
For revenue from reactive electricity
57 119 
50 247 
57 119 
50 247 
For revenue from the sale of regulatory electricity
35 010 
71 975 
35 010 
71 975 
Provisions for loss compensation in transformers
- 
20 413 
- 
20 413 
Rental services of fixed assets and equipment
68 623 
- 
68 623 
- 
For balancing administration service revenue
3 557 
3 201 
3 557 
3 201 
Rental services
1 126 
- 
1 126 
- 
For revenue from other services
11 355 
392 374 
11 355 
392 374 
Total provisions for income from provided services
8 974 426 
9 128 345 
8 974 426 
9 128 345 
Electricity transit service revenue (ITC)
68 336 
68 336 
68 336 
68 336 
Various accrued income
97 875 
226 022 
97 875 
226 022 
TOTAL ACCRUED INCOME
9 140 637 
9 422 703 
9 140 637 
9 422 703
15.	CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls”
Group
30.06.2021
31.12.2020
30.06.2021
31.12.2020
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
CASH IN THE BANK
72 315 812
32 224 560
74 721 071
47 388 296
16.	EQUITY
As of 30 March 2021, the registered share capital 
of JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” is EUR 363 896 079 
(31 December 2020 - EUR 363 896 079), consisting 
of 363 896 079 shares (as of 31 December 2020 - 
363 896 079 shares).
The parent company has made payments to the state 
budget for the use of state capital from the previous 
year’s net profit:
In 2017 – EUR 299 511;
In 2018 – EUR 247 395;
In 2019 – EUR 3 598 352;
In 2020 – EUR 1 735 958;
In 2021 – EUR 7 999 514.
The parent company’s reserves consist of retained 
earnings from previous periods, which have 
been transferred to other reserves to ensure the 
Company’s development by the owner’s decision.
The Group’s reserves consist of the revaluation 
reserve for fixed assets, the reserves specified in 
the Articles of Association of the subsidiary, the 
revaluation reserve for post-employment benefits, 
retained earnings, which have been transferred 
to other reserves for development by the owner’s 
decision. 
58
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 288 ---
17.	DEFERRED REVENUE
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls”
Group
30.06.2021
31.12.2020
30.06.2021
31.12.2020
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
a) Long-term deferred revenue
- from European Union funding
111 089 562
112 672 698
121 702 544
123 454 434
- from congestion charge revenue
99 907 709
95 608 651
99 907 709
95 608 651
- from connection fees 
39 863 222
39 995 011
39 863 222
39 995 011
- from the expected European Union funding
31 792 941
31 570 973
31 792 941
31 570 973
TOTAL
282 653 434
279 847 333
293 266 416
290 629 069
b ) Short-term deferred revenue
- from European Union funding (amortization)
2 301 113
2 320 835 
5 670 097 
2 670 600
- from connection fees 
3 375 255
3 379 561 
3 375 255 
3 379 561
-from European Union funding
950 636
162 277
950 636
162 277
Project “Implementation of Baltic Synchronisation Project 
Phase II
777 947
-
777 947
-
Project “EU-SysFlex “Pan-European system with an efficient 
coordinated use of flexibilities for the integration of a large 
share of RES” (31.12.2020.)
37 812
37 812
37 812
37 812
Project “Study on Dynamic behaviour of synchronously 
interconnected Baltic States and Continental European 
electricity network” (31.12.2020.)
26 250
26 250
26 250
26 250
Project “TSO-DSO-Consumer INTERFACE aRchitecture 
to provide innovative grid services for an efficient power 
system” (31.12.2020.)
98 215
98 215
98 215
98 215
Project “TSO-DSO-Consumer INTERFACE aRchitecture 
to provide innovative grid services for an efficient power 
system”
10 413
-
10 413
-
- from congestion charge revenue
437 357
273 144 
437 357 
273 144
- from IPGK reserved capacity charges
-
-
237 284 
903 165
TOTAL
7 064 361
6 135 817
10 670 629
7 388 747
Movement of deferred revenue (long-term and short-term part):
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls”
Group
30.06.2021
31.12.2020
30.06.2021
31.12.2020
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
At the beginning of the reporting period
285 983 150
289 601 283
298 017 816
301 033 754
Received deferred revenues from European Union financing 
(long – term)
221 968
7 507 226
3 241 188
7 507 226
Received deferred revenues from European Union financing 
(short – term)
788 359
162 277
788 359
162 277
Deferred revenue from congestion charges
4 745 584
-
4 745 584
-
Congestion management revenue received (short-term)
164 214
- 
164 214 
- 
Received deferred revenue from connection fees
1 567 489
40 667
1 567 489
40 667
Long-term deferred revenue from usage rights is excluded
- 
(11 043 332)
-
(11 043 332)
Revenue from congestion charges is included in the profit or 
loss statement
(446 525)
1 141 328
(446 525)
1 141 328
Connection fees are included in the profit or loss statement 
(1 703 587)
(844 618)
(1 703 587)
(844 618)
Reserved capacity charges (IPGK)
- 
-
318 791
903 165
European Union funding is included in the profit or loss 
statement
(1 602 857)
(581 681)
(2 756 284)
(882 651)
At the end of the reporting period
289 717 795
285 983 150
303 937 045
298 017 816
59
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 289 ---
18.	ADVANCE PAYMENTS AND OTHER CREDITORS
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls”
Group
30.06.2021
31.12.2020
30.06.2021
31.12.2020
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
Advance payments received from customers
242 
-
838 571 
-
Settlements with employees
607 661 
641 702 
607 661 
641 702 
Connection fee advances received *
299 954 
602 252 
299 954 
602 252 
Other creditors
1 311 505 
1 591 210 
2 434 032 
2 975 189 
ADVANCE PAYMENTS AND OTHER CREDITORS
2 219 362 
2 835 164 
4 180 218 
4 219 143
*	 JSC Augstsprieguma tīkls provides system participants with necessary connections to the transmission system or an increase of the permitted load of existing 
connections in accordance with the connection rules regarding the fee for system participants, issued by PUC, which is determined by the transmission 
system operator, according to the PUC calculation method for the calculation of the connection fee.
19.	ACCRUED LIABILITIES
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls”
Group
30.06.2021
31.12.2020
30.06.2021
31.12.2020
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
Accrued cost of unused holidays
962 511 
745 304 
1 478 932 
1 261 725 
Accrued bonus costs for previous year’s results
188 074 
333 008 
1 383 086 
2 072 258 
Accrued benefit costs and pension plan 
contributions
15 895 
42 728 
15 895 
42 728 
Accrued interest liabilities
119 415 
412 174 
119 415 
412 174 
Accrued liabilities to compensate the transit losses
975 890 
598 000 
975 890 
598 000 
Accrued liabilities for annual audit
4 975
-
16 425
16 140
Accrued liabilities for unreceived invoices
-
-
29 253
640 974
Others
4 949
-
184 949
-
ACCRUED LIABILITIES
2 271 709 
2 131 214 
4 203 845 
5 043 999
20.	LOANS
As a result of the reorganisation of the ownership 
rights of the transmission system assets and the 
successive investment of JSC “Latvijas elektriskie 
tīkli” in the share capital of JSC “Augstsprieguma 
tīkls” on 16 June 2020 and resulting from its addition 
on 25 January 2020, JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” took 
over the loans of JSC “Latvijas elektriskie tīkli” in 
2020.
Until 11 June 2020, the shares of JSC “Latvijas 
elektriskie tīkli” were 100% owned by 
JSC “Latvenergo”. To ensure the functions of the 
owner of the transmission system assets until the 
change of shareholder JSC “Latvijas elektriskie tīkli” 
received and issued loans to the parent company 
JSC “Latvenergo” in accordance with the agreement 
“On the provision of mutual financial resources” 
concluded within the Latvenergo group.
After the investment of JSC “Latvijas elektriskie 
tīkli” shares in JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” on 
16 June 2020, JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” ensures 
the attraction of the borrowed capital necessary 
for financing capital investments. On 18 June 2020, 
a loan agreement was concluded with JSC “SEB 
banka” for EUR 116 200 thousand with a maturity 
of 18 months (repayment date of the principal 
amount on 18 December 2021), a base interest rate 
60
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 290 ---
of 3 months EURIBOR and an added interest rate 
of 0.74%. The purpose of this loan is to partially 
refinance the liabilities of JSC “Latvijas elektriskie 
tīkli” to JSC “Latvenergo”. The loan is unsecured. 
The most important covenants - equity ratio not 
less than 25%, restrictions on business activities 
and change of shareholder.  During the term of the 
Agreement, the Company has fulfilled all covenants.  
In 2021, it is planned to refinance the loan of 
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” against JSC “SEB banka” 
by issuing bonds.
As of 30 June 2021, JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” has 
a loan from JSC “Latvenergo” in the amount of 
EUR 40 000 000 with a fixed borrowing rate of 1.6%, 
which corresponds to the weighted average interest 
rate at which JSC “Latvenergo” attracts borrowings 
in the external market. In accordance with the 
agreement of 18 June 2021 between the Company 
and JSC “Latvenergo” on early repayment of the 
loan, the loan was repaid in full in July 2021.
For the financing of working capital, an 
overdraft agreement was concluded between 
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” and JSC “SEB banka” 
for up to EUR 20 000 thousand with a maturity 
until 18 June 2023, a base interest rate of 3 months 
EURIBOR and an added interest rate of 0.35%. 
During the reporting period, JSC “Augstsprieguma 
tīkls” did not receive any loans within the framework 
of the overdraft agreement.
The natural gas operator JSC Conexus Baltic Grid 
attracts external financing with its own resources. 
During the reporting period, JSC “Conexus Baltic 
Grid” received loans from the Nordic Investment 
Bank, JSC “SEB banka” and JSC “Swedbank”, as well 
as extended the repayment term of the loan from 
the Latvian branch of OP Corporate Bank plc. At 
the end of the reporting period, the total amount of 
the Company’s borrowings is EUR 84 003 thousand, 
including used overdrafts of EUR 4 486 thousand. 
At the end of the reporting period, the weighted 
average interest rate on long-term loans is 0.37 % 
(in 2020: 0.6 %).
Borrowings from credit institutions and related 
parties:
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls”
Group
30.06.2021
31.12.2020
30.06.2021
31.12.2020
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
Long-term loans from related parties
-
86 672 207
-
86 672 207
Long-term loans from credit institutions
-
-
66 694 444
-
Short-term loans from credit institutions
116 200 000
116 200 000
133 508 561
138 075 000
Short-term loans from related parties
40 000 000
-
40 000 000
-
Loans
156 200 000
202 872 207
240 203 005
224 747 207
Accrued liabilities for borrowing costs from related parties
119 415
412 174
119 415
412 174
TOTAL loans
156 319 415
203 284 381
240 322 420
225 159 381
Changes in borrowings from credit institutions and related parties:
At the beginning of the reporting period
203 284 381
-
225 159 381
-
Loans received from related parties
- 
86 672 207
-
86 672 207
Loans received from credit institutions
- 
116 200 000
64 485 644
138 075 000
Loans repaid to related parties
(46 672 207)
-
(46 672 207)
-
Repaid loans to credit institutions
- 
-
(2 357 639)
-
Calculated borrowing rates for related parties
990 308
412 174
990 308
412 174
Estimated borrowing rates for credit institutions
434 717
441 883
434 717
441 883
Paid interest on loans to related parties
(1 283 067)
-
(1 283 067)
-
Paid interest on loans to credit institutions
(434 717)
(441 883)
(434 717)
(441 883)
Changes in loans, net
(46 964 966)
203 284 381
15 163 039
225 159 381
At the end of the reporting period, including:
156 319 415
203 284 381
240 322 420
225 159 381
Borrowings from a related company
40 000 000
86 672 207
40 000 000
86 672 207
Borrowings from a credit institution
116 200 000
116 200 000
200 203 005
138 075 000
TOTAL loans
156 200 000
202 872 207
240 203 005
242 747 207
61
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 291 ---
21.	LEASE OF ASSETS
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls”
Group
30.06.2021
30.06.2020
30.06.2021
30.06.2020
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
Right-of-use assets
Residual value at the beginning of the reporting 
period
14 212 293
35 920 323
14 715 877
14 919 735
Recognised changes in lease contracts
1 203 159
896 290
1 203 159
38 485
Depreciation
(340 757)
(18 408 306)
(387 123)
(372 964)
Residual value at the end of the reporting period
15 074 695
18 408 307
15 531 913
14 585 256
Lease liabilities
Residual value at the beginning of the reporting 
period
14 418 995
37 475 766
14 933 065
15 066 413
Recognised changes in lease contracts
1 203 159
(659 155)
1 203 159
-
Decrease in lease liabilities
(411 789)
(18 449 616)
(466 951)
(438 147)
Asset lease interest expense
118 986
73 030
130 378
114 397
Residual value at the end of the reporting period
15 329 351
18 440 025
15 799 651
14 742 663
On June 30, 2021, including:
Long term
14 595 086
-
15 048 938
14 090 278
Short term
734 265
18 440 025
750 713
652 385
22.	TAXES AND MANDATORY STATE SOCIAL INSURANCE 
CONTRIBUTIONS
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls”
Group
31.12.2020
Calculated
Paid
30.06.2021
30.06.2021
31.12.2020
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
Corporate income tax
-
1 599 903
- 
1 599 903
 3 856 651 
3 539
Value added tax
1 025 328
13 155 187
(13 343 489)
837 026
 1 386 784 
 1 637 290 
Mandatory State social insurance 
contributions
474 949
2 296 255
(2 232 183)
539 021
803 850
 742 095 
Personal income tax
253 700
1 174 236
(1 146 221)
281 715
751 895
 385 067 
Entrepreneurship risk state fee
194
1 150
(1 154)
190
190
194
Electricity tax
278
1 351
(1 545)
84
84
278
Natural resource tax
-
-
- 
-
121 496
43 237
Real estate tax
- 
-
- 
-
30 715
10
TOTAL TAXES
1 754 449
18 228 083
(16 724 592)
3 257 939
6 951 665
2 811 710
62
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 292 ---
23.	FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
Financial Risk Management of the Augstsprieguma 
tīkls group is implemented in accordance with the 
Financial Risk Management Policy and its subordinate 
Financial Risk Management Regulations.
Group companies, in which the participation of 
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” is less than 100%, 
however, it has a direct decisive influence on the 
basis of participation within the meaning of the 
Group Law, develop and approve their Financial Risk 
Management Policies, if necessary, which are in line 
with the basic principles of the Group’s policy.
The management of financial resources is focused 
on ensuring the financing of its business activities 
and financial stability by implementing conservative 
financial risk management. Within the framework 
of financial risk management, the Company uses 
financial risk controls and implements risk mitigation 
measures to reduce the risk on open positions.
The Company complies with prudential liquidity risk 
management, ensuring that appropriate financial 
resources are available to it for the settlement of 
liabilities within the set time periods. 
Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is related to the Company’s ability to 
meet its obligations within the set deadlines. In the 
case of unpredictable cash flow fluctuations caused 
by operational risk and hedging of short-term 
liquidity risk, the Company provides a reserve in the 
form of cash or subscribed and irrevocably available 
credit funds for the next 24 months.
The Company observes prudent liquidity risk 
management, ensuring constant monitoring of cash 
flow, forecasting short-term and long-term cash 
flow, ensuring the availability of sufficient financial 
resources to settle liabilities within the set deadlines.
As at 30 June 2021, the Company’s current liabilities 
exceed current assets, as current liabilities include 
a loan agreement in the amount of EUR 116 200,000 
with a maturity date of 18 December 2021 (see 
Annex 20). The Company intends to refinance this 
loan in 2021, thus it does not pose a risk of going 
concern.
In order to refinance the liabilities taken over as a 
result of the reorganisation, to ensure the availability 
of capital, the Company’s management has approved 
the Fundraising Strategy for 2021–2025, a decision 
has been made and a procurement procedure for 
selecting the lead bank for the bond issue has been 
initiated. After refinancing, the Company’s current 
assets will exceed current liabilities.
The Company’s management believes that the 
Company will have sufficient financial resources to 
ensure its liquidity is not compromised.
Interest rate risk 
Interest rate risk arises primarily from borrowings 
with a fixed interest rate, with the risk that an 
increase in interest rates will result in a significant 
increase in finance costs. To limit the risk, the 
Company’s Financial Risk Management Regulations 
stipulate that the share of fixed rate or rate with 
limited increase in the loan portfolio may not be 
less than 35%. At the same time, the Financial Risk 
Management Regulations stipulate that deviations 
from this indicator are allowed in the process 
of restructuring the liabilities taken over in the 
process of reorganization of the ownership rights 
of transmission assets. As of 30 June 2021, 26% of 
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” loans have a fixed interest 
rate.
The Company regularly analyses interest rate 
positions. Different scenarios are modelled taking 
into account possible refinancing of loans, renewal 
of existing positions and hedging activities. Based 
on these scenarios, the effect of changes in interest 
rates on profit or loss items as well as cash flow is 
calculated.
Over the next twelve months, if interest rates on 
euro loans at floating base rates are 50 base points 
higher than interest rates on 30 June 2021, assuming 
that other variables remain constant, the Company’s 
profit would be EUR 0.6 thousand lower. The 
Company’s fixed interest rate borrowings do not give 
rise to fair value interest rate risk.
Credit risk
Credit risk arises if the Company’s partner is 
unable to meet its contractual obligations, as a 
result of which the Company incurs losses. Credit 
risk arises from the Company’s cash, deposits in 
commercial banks, and overdue receivables within 
the terms specified in the agreement. Credit risk 
may be related to financial counterparty risk and 
counterparty risk.
In carrying out its economic activities, the Company 
cooperates with local and foreign financial 
institutions. Consequently, there is a risk of financial 
counterparties - in the case of insolvency or 
suspension of cooperation partners, the Company 
may suffer losses. In the case of attracted external 
financing, the risk exists until the loan is withdrawn 
and transferred to one of the Company’s partner 
banks. 
63
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 293 ---
Credit risk arising from the Company’s cash in 
current accounts is managed in accordance with the 
Company’s Financial Risk Management Policy and 
Financial Risk Management Regulations, balancing 
the allocation of financial resources.
In accordance with the Financial Risk Management 
Policy, counterparties with a minimum credit rating 
of at least investment grade set by the international 
credit rating agency itself or the parent bank are 
accepted in cooperation with banks and financial 
institutions.
In carrying out economic activities, the Company 
cooperates with local and foreign merchants. As a 
result, there is a risk of business partners or debtor 
risk - in the case of insolvency or suspension of 
business partners, the Company may suffer losses. 
The Law on International and National Sanctions of 
the Republic of Latvia imposes a number of financial 
and civil law restrictions on entities included in 
the list of sanctions, including the freezing of 
funds. In view of the above, cooperation with an 
entity included on the list of sanctions poses a 
risk of default to the Company, as well as legal and 
reputational risks.
Although the Company has a significant 
concentration of receivables risk in relation to one 
counterparty or a group of similar counterparties, 
this risk is assessed as limited, taking into account 
the fact that the most important Cooperation 
counterparty is a state-owned company - 
JSC “Latvenergo”, as well as its group companies.
Credit risk related to receivables is managed in 
accordance with the risk management measures 
specified in the Financial Risk Management 
Regulations, on a monthly basis, but not less 
than once a quarter, by performing an analysis of 
receivables.
Business Risk Management
The shareholder of the Company is the Ministry 
of Finance in the name of the Republic of Latvia 
(100%) The purpose of capital risk management is to 
ensure the sustainable operation and development 
of the Company, the financing necessary for 
the implementation of the development plan 
in transmission assets, and the fulfilment of 
the restrictive conditions specified in the loan 
agreements. The restrictive conditions set out in 
the loan agreements have not been violated. In 
order to ensure the fulfilment of the restrictive 
conditions specified in the loan agreements, a 
regular analysis of the equity ratio is performed. 
According to the Augstsprieguma tīkls group’s 
Financial Risk Management Policy, equity must be 
maintained at a level of at least 35% (the restrictive 
condition specified in the loan agreements - at a 
level of at least 25%). As of 30 June 2021, the share 
of JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls” equity in the balance 
sheet is 48%, of the Group - 51%.
Currency risk
The Company’s operations are focused on 
transactions, assets and liabilities in the Company’s 
functional currency, which is the Euro. The 
Company’s currency risk is assessed as insignificant, 
the Company has no balances in foreign currencies.
24.	TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES
Related parties are state-owned entities that 
are controlled, jointly controlled, or substantially 
influenced by the state. The Company does not have 
any material transactions and other transactions 
which, together, but not individually, are material 
to the Government of the Republic of Latvia, 
government agencies and similar institutions of 
local, national or international standing within the 
scope of the Standard, except for JSC “Latvenergo” 
and its subsidiaries - the transmission assets owner 
JSC “Latvijas elektriskie tīkli”, the power supply 
service provider JSC “Latvenergo”, the distribution 
system operator JSC “Sadales tīkls”, and the public 
electricity trader JSC “Enerģijas publiskais tirgotājs”.
64
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 294 ---
a)	 Revenue and expenses from transactions with related parties
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls”
Group
6 months 
of 2021
6 months 
of 2020
6 months 
of 2021
6 months 
of 2020
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
State controlled companies
Income
Revenue from the sale of electricity, electric 
capacity maintenance services
2 106 793 
3 222 940 
2 106 793 
3 222 940 
Mandatory procurement component
1 557 513 
1 965 687 
1 557 513 
1 965 687 
Transport system service
37 570 739 
35 772 952 
37 570 739 
35 772 952 
Transmission asset reconstruction and renovation 
works
-
36 083 893 
-
36 083 893 
Revenue from other services
874 983 
437 041 
874 983 
437 041
Total revenue from transactions with related 
companies
42 110 028 
77 482 513 
42 110 028 
77 482 513
Distributions
Electricity purchase
7 054 517
4 898 141
 7 054 517 
 4 898 141 
Mandatory procurement component
2 358 541
2 889 308
 2 358 541 
 2 889 308 
Lease of fixed assets and land
410 243 
- 
410 243
- 
Communication expenses
1 551 909 
1 577 157 
 1 551 909 
1 577 157 
Long-term loan % payments
990 308 
- 
990 308
- 
Other costs
85 552 
2 142 862 
85 552
2 142 862 
Total expenses of transactions with related 
companies
12 451 070 
11 507 468 
12 451 070 
11 507 468
b)	 balances at the end of the year arising from related company transactions
JSC “Augstsprieguma tīkls”
Group
6 months 
of 2021
6 months 
of 2020
6 months 
of 2021
6 months 
of 2020
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
Accounts receivable:
State controlled companies
7 387 285 
153 612 766 
7 387 285 
153 612 766 
Liabilities of creditors:
state controlled companies 
4 638 330 
10 568 695 
4 638 330 
10 568 695
25.	EVENTS AFTER THE END OF THE REPORTING PERIOD
After the end of the reporting period there were no 
other material circumstances or events that could 
affect the future development of the Company.
65
AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS GROUP’S CONSOLIDATED AND AS “AUGSTSPRIEGUMA TĪKLS”  
UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 6 MONTHS OF 2021

--- Page 295 ---
ISSUER
Akciju sabiedrība “Augstsprieguma tīkls”
Dārzciema iela 86
Riga, LV-1073
Latvia
ARRANGER
Luminor Bank AS
Liivalaia 45
10145, Tallinn,
Estonia
DEALER
Luminor Bank AS
Liivalaia 45
10145, Tallinn,
Estonia
LEGAL ADVISER TO THE ARRANGER AND DEALER
COBALT
Marijas iela 13 k-2
Riga, LV-1050,
Latvia