--- Page 1 ---
Akciju sabiedrība “Attīstības finanšu institūcija Altum”  
(incorporated in the Republic of Latvia as a public limited company with registration number 50103744891) 
 
Third Programme for the Issuance of Notes 
in the Amount of up to EUR 75,000,000 
 
Under this Third Programme for the Issuance of Notes in the Amount of up to EUR 75,000,000 (the “Programme”) described in this 
base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) Akciju sabiedrība “Attīstības finanšu institūcija Altum”, a public limited company (in 
Latvian – akciju sabiedrība) incorporated in and operating under the laws of the Republic of Latvia, registered with the 
Commercial Register of the Republic of Latvia under registration number: 50103744891, legal entity identifier (LEI code): 
5493007HPQSSX8BJ4315, legal address: Doma laukums 4, Riga, LV-1050, Latvia (the “Issuer” or “ALTUM”), may issue and offer from 
time to time in one or several series (the “Series”) non-convertible unsecured and unguaranteed notes denominated in EUR, 
having maturity up to 10 years and with fixed interest rate (the “Notes”). Each Series may comprise one or more tranches of Notes 
(the “Tranches”). The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme wil 
not at any time exceed EUR 75,000,000. 
To the extent not set forth in this Base Prospectus, the specific terms of any Notes will be included in the relevant final terms (the 
“Final Terms”) (a form of which is contained herein). This Base Prospectus should be read and construed together with any 
supplement hereto and with any other documents incorporated by reference herein, and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes 
and with the Final Terms of the relevant Tranche of Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared in connection with the offering and listing of the Notes pursuant to the requirements of 
the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”), the Financial Instruments Market Law (in Latvian - Finanšu instrumentu 
tirgus likums) and the Commission Delegated Regulation No 2019/980/EU (the “Delegated Regulation”), in particular the Annexes 
6 and 14 thereof. The Financial and Capital Market Commission (in Latvian - Finanšu un kapitāla tirgus komisija), as competent 
authority under the Prospectus Regulation, has approved this Base Prospectus and has notified the approval of the Base 
Prospectus to the competent authority in Lithuania (the Bank of Lithuania (in Lithuanian - Lietuvos Bankas)). The Financial and 
Capital Market Commission only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor 
as an endorsement of the quality of any Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval. The obligation to supplement the Base 
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when the Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Application will be made to Akciju sabiedrība “Nasdaq Riga”, registration number: 40003167049, legal address: Vaļņu 1, Riga, LV- 
1050, Latvia (“Nasdaq Riga”) for admitting each Tranche to listing and trading on the official bond list (the Baltic Bond List) of 
Nasdaq Riga according to the requirements of Nasdaq Riga not later than within 3 (three) months after the Issue Date of the 
respective Tranche. Nasdaq Riga is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 
2014/65/EU, as amended (“MiFID II”). 
The Notes shall be issued in the bearer dematerialised form and registered with Nasdaq CSD SE, registration number: 40003242879, 
legal address: Vaļņu 1, Riga, LV-1050, Latvia (the “Depository”) in book-entry form. Investors may hold the Notes through 
participants of the Depository, including credit institutions and investment brokerage firms. 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act 1933 (as amended) (the “Securities Act”), or 
with any securities regulatory authority of any state of the United States. This Base Prospectus or the Final Terms are not to be 
distributed to the United States or in any other jurisdiction where it would be unlawful. The Notes may not be offered, sold, pledged 
or otherwise transferred, directly or indirectly, within the United States or to, for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined 
in Regulation S under the Securities Act (the “Regulation S”)), except to a person who is not a U.S. Person (as defined in Regulation 
S) in an offshore transaction pursuant to Regulation S. 
Investment in the Notes to be issued under the Programme involves certain risks. Prospective investors should carefully acquaint 
themselves with such risks before making a decision to invest in the Notes. The principal risk factors that may affect the Issuer’s 
ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed in Section “Risk Factors” below. 
Arranger and Dealer 
Luminor Bank AS 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 15 September 2021

--- Page 2 ---
2
TABLE OF CONTENTS
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT ........................................................................................................................3
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ........................................................................................................................4
DISTRIBUTION OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS ...............................................6
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION ..................................................................8
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ......................................................................................................... 10
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME .......................................................................................................... 11
RISK FACTORS ............................................................................................................................................ 14
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ............................................................................ 32
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ............................................................................................................................. 46
USE OF PROCEEDS .................................................................................................................................... 48
INFORMATION ABOUT ALTUM GROUP .................................................................................................. 49
INFORMATION ABOUT ALTUM GROUP’S BUSINESS OPERATIONS...................................................... 51
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE ............................................................................................................... 63
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES .......................................................... 65
SHAREHOLDERS ......................................................................................................................................... 72
SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION ...................................................................... 73
FINANCIAL AND TREND INFORMATION................................................................................................. 76
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................... 77
THE ECONOMY OF THE REPUBLIC OF LATVIA....................................................................................... 81
TAXATION ................................................................................................................................................... 84
GENERAL INFORMATION ......................................................................................................................... 86
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .................................................................................. 89
ANNEX I – FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ........................................................................................................ 90

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT  
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Issuer, the Issuer and its 
subsidiaries taken as a whole (“ALTUM Group”) and the Notes which, according to the particular 
nature of the Issuer and the Notes, is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment 
of the assets and liabilities, financial position and profit and losses of the Issuer. 
The Issuer, represented by the members of its Management Board, accepts responsibility for the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus and in any Final Terms which complete this Base 
Prospectus for each Tranche of Notes issued hereunder and declares that, to the best of its 
knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and 
that the Base Prospectus does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
Management Board of Akciju sabiedrība “Attīstības finanšu institūcija Altum”: 
 
____________________________________ 
Chairman of the Management Board 
Reinis Bērziņš 
 
____________________________________ 
Member of the Management Board 
Aleksandrs Bimbirulis 
 
____________________________________ 
Member of the Management Board 
Ieva Buka-Jansone 
 
____________________________________ 
Member of the Management Board 
Jēkabs Krieviņš 
 
____________________________________ 
Member of the Management Board 
Inese Zīle 
 
 
This document is electronically signed with secure electronic signatures containing the time stamps.

--- Page 4 ---
4
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Arranger and Dealer accepts no responsibility whatsoever
for the contents of this Base Prospectus. The Arranger and Dealer accordingly disclaims all and any
liability which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus.
Neither the Arranger and Dealer nor any of its respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any
part of this Base Prospectus and none of them make any representation or warranty or accepts any
responsibility as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus
or any responsibility for any acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person in connection with issue
and offering of the Notes.
No person is authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in this
Base Prospectus and any information or representation not so contained must not be relied upon as
having been authorised by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealer. Neither the delivery
of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances,
create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date
hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since
the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or
supplemented or that the information contained in it or any other information supplied in connection
with the Notes is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different,
the date indicated in the document containing the same.
Neither this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms nor any other information supplied in connection with
the offering of the Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b)
should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Arranger or Dealer that any
recipient of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any other information supplied in connection with
the offering of the Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any
Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its
own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other
information supplied in connection with the offering of the Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by
or on behalf of the Issuer or the Arranger or Dealer, to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any
Notes.
Each potential investor in the Notes must make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing
in the Notes. In particular, each potential investor should:
(i)
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained in this Base Prospectus;
(ii)
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of
its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have
on its overall investment portfolio;
(iii)
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the
Notes, including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the
potential investor's currency;
(iv)
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any
relevant financial markets; and
(v)
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear
the applicable risks.

--- Page 5 ---
5
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or
review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to
determine whether and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as
collateral for various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of
any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to
determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar
rules.
The Notes are governed by Latvian law and any disputes arising in relation to the Notes shall be
settled exclusively by the courts of the Republic of Latvia in accordance with Latvian law.

--- Page 6 ---
6
DISTRIBUTION OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms may in certain jurisdictions be restricted
by law, and this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms may not be used for the purpose of, or in
connection with, any offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or
solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation.
No actions have been taken to register or qualify the Notes, or otherwise to permit a public offering
of the Notes, in any jurisdiction other that the Republic of Latvia and the Republic of Lithuania. The
Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealer expect persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any
Final Terms comes to inform themselves of and observe all such restrictions. Neither the Issuer nor the
Arranger or Dealer accept any legal responsibility for any violation by any person, whether or not a
prospective purchaser of the Notes is aware of such restrictions. In particular, this Base Prospectus
and any Final Terms may not be sent to any person in the United States, Australia, Canada, Japan,
Hong Kong, South Africa, Singapore or any other jurisdiction in which it would not be permissible to
deliver the Notes, and the Notes may not be offered, sold, resold, transferred or delivered, directly or
indirectly, in or into any of these countries.
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act 1933 (as amended)
(the “Securities Act”), or with any securities regulatory authority of any state of the United States. This
Base Prospectus or the Final Terms are not to be distributed to the United States or in any other
jurisdiction where it would be unlawful. The Notes may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise
transferred, directly or indirectly, within the United States or to, for the account or benefit of, U.S.
persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (the “Regulation S”)), except to a person
who is not a U.S. Person (as defined in Regulation S) in an offshore transaction pursuant to Regulation
S.
The Financial and Capital Market Commission (in Latvian - Finanšu un kapitāla tirgus komisija), as
competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation, has approved this Base Prospectus and has
notified the approval of the Base Prospectus to the competent authority in Lithuania (the Bank of
Lithuania (in Lithuanian - Lietuvos Bankas)). However, in relation to each member state of the
European Economic Area (the “EEA”) (except the Republic of Latvia and the Republic of Lithuania),
the Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not made and will not make any public offer of
Notes prior to that EEA member state’s authority receiving a certificate of approval of the Financial
and Capital Market Commission attesting that the Base Prospectus has been drawn up in
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation together with a copy of the Base Prospectus.
Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer within the EEA of Notes which are the
subject of an offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms (other than
the offer of Notes in the Republic of Latvia and in the Republic of Lithuania) may only do so in
circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or the Dealer to publish a prospectus
pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23
of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer.
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET: A determination will be made in relation to each
issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated
Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), the Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealer nor any of
their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance
Rules.
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance”
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending

--- Page 7 ---
7
the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining
appropriate distribution channels.
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise
made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, any retail investor
in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II or; (ii) a customer within the meaning of
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded), where that customer would not qualify as a
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the
EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 8 ---
8
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION
Historical Financial Statements
With the exception of certain alternative performance measures (“APMs”), the financial information
included in this Base Prospectus has been derived from:

ALTUM Group's consolidated annual report, representing audited consolidated and
standalone financial statements for the financial year ending 31 December 2020 prepared in
accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the E.U.
(“IFRS”) (the “2020 Financial Statements”);

ALTUM Group's consolidated annual report, representing audited consolidated and
standalone financial statements for the financial year ending 31 December 2019 prepared in
accordance with IFRS (the “2019 Financial Statements”, and together with the 2020 Financial
Statements, the “Audited Financial Statements”);

ALTUM’s unaudited interim condensed financial report for the six months period ended 30
June 2021 (the “2021 Interim Financial Statements”);

ALTUM’s unaudited interim condensed financial report for the six months period ended 30
June 2020 (the “2020 Interim Financial Statements”, and together with the 2021 Interim
Financial Statements and the Audited Financial Statements, the “Financial Statements”).
Auditors and unaudited information
SIA “Deloitte Audits Latvia” audited the 2020 Financial Statements and issued an unqualified auditor’s
report on the aforementioned financial statements.
PricewaterhouseCoopers SIA audited the 2019 Financial Statements and issued an unqualified
auditors’ report on the aforementioned financial statements.
The Interim Financial Statements have not been subject to any audit or review by independent
auditors. Certain other financial information in this Base Prospectus identified as such is unaudited
financial information which has been extracted without material adjustment from the accounting
records of the Issuer which form the underlying basis of the Financial Statements.
Alternative performance measures
This Base Prospectus includes certain references to APMs derived from the Financial Statements such
as Net income from interest, fees and commission, Profit, Cost to income ratio, Tangible common
equity (TCE) / Tangible managed assets (TMA), Total Risk Coverage and 180-days-liquidity ratio.
ALTUM Group uses these APMs to evaluate its performance, and this additional financial information
is presented in this Base Prospectus. This information should be viewed as supplemental to the
Financial Statements. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on this information and
should note that the APMs, as calculated by ALTUM Group, may differ materially from similarly titled
measures reported by other companies, including ALTUM Group’s competitors.
The APMs presented in the Base Prospectus are not IFRS measures. An APM should not be considered
in isolation from, or as substitute for any analysis of, financial measures defined according to IFRS.
Investors are advised to review these APMs in conjunction with the Financial Statements contained
in this Base Prospectus. None of the APMs is subject to any audit or review by independent auditors.

--- Page 9 ---
9
The APMs should not be used instead of, or considered as alternatives to, ALTUM Group’s
consolidated historical financial results based on IFRS. The APMs relate to the reporting periods and
are not meant to be predictive of future results.
These measures are presented for purposes of providing investors with a better understanding of
ALTUM Group’s financial performance, cash flows or financial position as they are used by ALTUM
Group when managing its business.
Rounding
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments;
accordingly, figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and
figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which
precede them.
Currencies
In this Base Prospectus, financial information is presented in euro (EUR), the official currency of the
European Union Member States in the Eurozone.
Date of information
This Base Prospectus is drawn up based on information which was valid as of the date of the Base
Prospectus. Where not expressly indicated otherwise, all information presented in this Base Prospectus
(including the consolidated financial information of ALTUM Group, the facts concerning its operations
and any information on the markets in which it operates) must be understood to refer to the state of
affairs as of the aforementioned date. Where information is presented as of a date other than the
date of the Base Prospectus, this is identified by specifying the relevant date.
Certain publicly available information
Certain statistical data and other information appearing in this Base Prospectus have been extracted
from public sources identified in this Base Prospectus. None of the Arranger, the Dealer or the Issuer
accepts responsibility for the factual correctness of any such statistics or information, but the Issuer
accepts responsibility for accurately extracting and transcribing such statistics and information and
believes, after due inquiry, that such statistics and information represent the most current publicly
available statistics and information from such sources at the dates and for the periods with respect
to which they have been presented. The Issuer confirms that all such third-party information has been
accurately reproduced and, so far as the Issuer is aware and has been able to ascertain from that
published information, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information
inaccurate or misleading.
Websites
Information contained in any website referred to herein does not form part of this Base Prospectus,
other than the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework, which is available for viewing on the following
website: www.altum.lv and is incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus and forms a part of
the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 10 ---
10
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This Base Prospectus includes statements that are, or may be deemed to be, “forward-looking
statements”. These forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking
terminology, including the terms “believes”, “estimates”, “plans”, “projects”, “anticipates”,
“expects”, “intends”, “may”, “will” or “should” or, in each case, their negative or other variations or
comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategy, plans, objectives, goals, future events or
intentions. These forward-looking statements include all matters that are not historical facts. They
appear in a number of places throughout this Base Prospectus and include, but are not limited to,
statements regarding ALTUM Group’s or the Issuer’s intentions, beliefs or current expectations
concerning, among other things, ALTUM Group’s results of operations, financial condition, liquidity,
prospects, growth, strategies and the industry in which ALTUM Group operates.
By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to future
events and circumstances. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance
and the financial position and results of operations of ALTUM Group, and the development of the
markets and the industries in which members of ALTUM Group operate, may differ materially from
those described in, or suggested by, the forward-looking statements contained in this Base
Prospectus. In addition, even if ALTUM Group’s results of operations and financial position, and the
development of the markets and the industries in which ALTUM Group operates, are consistent with
the forward-looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus, those results or developments may
not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. A number of risks, uncertainties
and other factors could cause results and developments to differ materially from those expressed or
implied by the forward-looking statements. See Section “Risk Factors” below.
These forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of this Base Prospectus. Except to
the extent required by law, the Issuer is not obliged to, and does not intend to, update or revise any
forward-looking statements made in this Base Prospectus whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to
the Issuer, or persons acting on the Issuer's behalf, are expressly qualified in their entirety by the
cautionary statements contained throughout this Base Prospectus. As a result of these risks,
uncertainties and assumptions, a prospective purchaser of the Notes should not place undue
reliance on these forward-looking statements.

--- Page 11 ---
11
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its
entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the General Terms and
Conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. This overview must be read
as an introduction in conjunction with the other parts of the Base Prospectus (including any
documents incorporated therein). Any decision to invest in the Notes should be based on a
consideration by the investor of the Base Prospectus as a whole.
Words and expressions defined in the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes below or elsewhere
in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this overview.
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of
the Delegated Regulation.
Issuer:
Akciju sabiedrība “Attīstības finanšu institūcija Altum"
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI):
5493007HPQSSX8BJ4315
Programme Limit:
Up to EUR 75,000,000 aggregate nominal amount of Notes
outstanding at any one time.
Risk Factors:
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks.
The principal risk factors that may affect the ability of the Issuer to
fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed in Section “Risk
Factors” below.
Arranger of the Programme:
Luminor Bank AS
Dealer:
Luminor Bank AS
Method of Issue:
The Notes shall be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or
more Tranches of Notes. The Notes of each Tranche will all be
subject to identical terms, except that the Issue Dates and the Issue
Prices thereof may be different in respect of different Tranches.
Form of the Notes:
The Notes will be issued in dematerialized form and book-entered
with Nasdaq CSD SE.
Status and Security:
The Notes constitute direct, unsecured and unguaranteed
obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu without any preference
among each other and with all other unsecured, unguaranteed
and unsubordinated indebtedness of the Issuer, save for such
obligations as may be preferred by mandatory provisions of law.
Currency:
EUR
Denomination:
The nominal amount of each Note shall be specified in the Final
Terms.
Issue Price:
The Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount
or a premium to their nominal amount.
Minimum Investment Amount:
The Notes will be offered for subscription for a minimum investment
amount EUR 100,000 (one hundred thousand euro).
Interest:
The Notes will bear interest at a fixed annual interest rate.

--- Page 12 ---
12
Maturity:
The Notes shall be repaid in full at their nominal amount on the date
which will be specified in the Final Terms. Each Series of Notes may
have a maturity up to 10  years.
Early Redemption:
The Issuer is entitled to redeem each Series of Notes, in whole but
not in part, at any time during the period of 3 (three) month prior to
their maturity at a price equal to the nominal amount of the Notes
together with the accrued interest, as more fully set out in Clauses
9.3 and 9.4 of the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
Redemption for tax reasons:
The Issuer is entitled to redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part,
at a price equal to the nominal amount of the Notes together with
the accrued interest for tax reasons as described in Clause 11 of the
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
Change of Control:
Following the occurrence of a Change of Control the Noteholders
will be entitled to request the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer’s
option, procure the purchase of their Notes, as more fully set out in
Clause 14 of the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
Negative Pledge:
The Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge as described
in Clause 15 of the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
Cross Default:
The Notes will have the benefit of a cross default provision as
described in Clause 16 of the General Terms and Conditions of the
Notes.
Listing:
Application will be made to Nasdaq Riga for admitting each
Tranche to listing and trading on the official bond list (the Baltic
Bond List) according to the requirements of Nasdaq Riga not later
than within 3 (three) months after the Issue Date of the respective
Tranche.
Taxation:
All payments in respect of the Notes by the Issuer shall be made
without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present
or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of
whatever nature (“Taxes”), unless the withholding or deduction of
the Taxes is required by the laws of the Republic of Latvia. In such
case, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in
receipt by the Noteholders after such withholding or deduction of
such amounts as would have been received by them had no such
withholding or deduction been required, except that no such
additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note held by
or on behalf of a Noteholder which is liable to such Taxes in respect
of such Note by reason of its having some connection with the
Republic of Latvia other than the mere holding of the Note.
Rating:
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has a credit rating
Baa1 by Moody’s. The outlook is stable. A Series of Notes to be
issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated.
A rating is not a recommendation to buy or sell or hold Notes and
may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time
by the assigning rating agency. Up-to-date information should
always be sought by direct reference to the relevant rating
agency.
Governing Law:
Latvian law.

--- Page 13 ---
13
Dispute Resolution:
Any disputes relating to or arising in relation to the Notes shall be
settled solely by the courts of the Republic of Latvia of competent
jurisdiction.
Selling Restrictions:
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries
of Notes and on the distribution of the Base Prospectus in the United
States of America, the EEA (with respect to retail investors), the
Republic of Latvia, the Republic of Lithuania and other jurisdictions,
see Section “Distribution of the Base Prospectus and Selling
Restrictions”.

--- Page 14 ---
14
RISK FACTORS
Prospective investors are advised to carefully consider the risk factors and other information provided
in this Base Prospectus. Investing in the Notes involves certain risks including but not limited to the risks
described herein.
The Issuer believes that if one or more of the risk factors described herein emerges, it could have a
negative effect on the Issuer’s business operations, financial position and/or business results and,
thereby, the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value
of the Notes. If these risks were to lead to a decline in the market price of the Notes, prospective
investors could lose all or part of their investment.
The risks and uncertainties described herein are the risks which the Issuer has deemed material;
however, they are not the only factors affecting the Issuer’s activities. Therefore, the Issuer does not
claim that the statements below regarding the risks of acquiring and/or holding any Notes are
exhaustive. Also, other factors and uncertainties than those mentioned herein, which are currently
unknown or deemed immaterial, could negatively affect the Issuer’s business operations, financial
position and/or business results and, thereby, the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes
as well as the market price and value of the Notes.
Most of these risk factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and the Issuer is not in a
position to assess or express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring.
The most material risk factors have been presented at the beginning in each category. The order of
presentation of the remaining risk factors in each category in this Base Prospectus is not intended as
an indication of the probability of their occurrence or of their potential effect on the Issuer’s ability to
fulfil its obligations under the Notes.
All investors should make their own evaluations of the risks associated with an investment in the Notes
and should consult with their own professional advisers if they consider it necessary.
Macroeconomic and Political Risks
The outbreak of COVID-19 has negatively affected the global and Latvian economies and financial
markets and might continue to disrupt and/or otherwise negatively impact the operations of the
ALTUM Group and/or its clients
The COVID-19 pandemic has caused significant disruption in the economy and financial markets
globally, as well as in Latvia. Within Latvia and many of its important trading partners, the spread of
COVID-19 has caused illness, quarantines, cancellation of events and travel, business shutdowns,
reduction in business activity and financial transactions, labour shortages, supply chain interruptions
and overall economic and financial market instability. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic continues
to evolve as different variants are identified and, to date, has resulted in the implementation of
significant measures by the Latvian Government intended to control and mitigate the economic
impact of the outbreak.
Latvia’s economy contracted by 3.6 per-cent in 2020. The gradual lifting of containment measures
as a result of progression made in the implementation of vaccination programmes is expected to
result in the recovery of economic activity during 2021 and onwards. In the second quarter of 2021,
GDP in Latvia returned to pre COVID-19 levels as GDP grew by 10.3 per-cent compared to
corresponding period of the previous year (according to preliminary data). However, the recovery
in the global economy is uneven and incomplete, and significant uncertainty remains. Economic
recovery is dependent on the successful implementation of vaccine programmes, and vaccine
resistant strains of COVID-19 not emerging, while economies generally are less stable as public debt

--- Page 15 ---
15
in Latvia and globally has increased significantly due to support and spending measures
implemented by government authorities to mitigate the impact of the measures taken to control
COVID-19 outbreaks.
Furthermore, the current COVID-19 pandemic and any potential future outbreaks may also have a
material adverse effect on ALTUM Group’s clients, which could result in increased default risk in the
performance of their obligations towards ALTUM Group and thus negatively affect quality of credit
portfolio of ALTUM Group.
Further measures implemented by the Latvian Government or adopted by ALTUM Group at its own
initiative in order to mitigate the impact of the ongoing outbreak may affect ALTUM Group and it is
not possible at this stage to assess all the specific measures that may be implemented to contain the
effects of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Any of these factors, whether resulting from the current or any further outbreaks of COVID-19,
including as a result of the unsuccessful implementation of vaccine programmes or the emergence
of vaccine resistant strains of COVID-19, may have a material adverse effect on ALTUM Group’s
business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows, and may limit ALTUM
Group’s ability to implement its business strategy.
ALTUM Group's estimate for the COVID-19 risk profile is medium.
Risks related to macroeconomic conditions
The results of the business operations of ALTUM Group are dependent on Latvia’s macroeconomic
situation. Severe deterioration of either global, regional or national economic situation and/or
financial position of the Latvian government may impede the capacity of ALTUM to honour its
financial obligations.
Financial stability of ALTUM Group could potentially be impaired by materialisation of the following
risks:

Large-scale downturn in the Latvian economy or one of its main sectors;

Steep economic slowdown in Latvia’s main export markets – weakening of economic
conditions in the EU, reflecting the fact that many EU Member States are major trading
partners of Latvia. In 2020, the EU Member States accounted for 66.1 per-cent of Latvia’s
goods exports and 75.9 per-cent of its goods imports;

An unexpected or significant reduction of EU funds that could have an adverse impact on
Latvia’s economic growth;

Material deterioration of Latvia’s fiscal stance (given ALTUM’s high level of dependence on
state funding);

Emergence of macroeconomic imbalances that could adversely affect Latvia’s economic
stability (e.g., in the real estate market);

A significant amount of the total banking sector assets are held by foreign banks, mostly of
Nordic origin. Accordingly, a significant downturn in the Nordic real estate market and the
impact that this would have on the Nordic economies may increase the cost of the parent
banks’ wholesale funding and, consequently, have an adverse impact on the economic
growth and lending volumes in Latvia.
Other factors that could potentially affect the financial performance of ALTUM Group include the
level of unemployment in Latvia, migration trends, consumer purchasing power and price level
dynamics, changes in the Eurozone’s monetary environment and overall political stability in the EU.

--- Page 16 ---
16
ALTUM Group's estimate for the macroeconomic conditions risk profile is medium.
Political risk
The ability of ALTUM to achieve its business goals, inter alia, depends on the legislative environment
and on political and social decisions made by the Latvian government. Although, ALTUM’s shares
are solely held by the Ministry of Finance of the Republic of Latvia, the Ministry of Economics of the
Republic of Latvia and the Ministry of Agriculture of the Republic of Latvia, and its operations are
governed by a special law, the Development Finance Institution Law (in Latvian - Attīstības finanšu
institūcijas likums), it cannot be excluded that political decisions may have an adverse effect on
business operations and financial position of ALTUM Group.
ALTUM Group's estimate for the political risk profile is low.
Risks Related to Business Operations
Risks related to access and absorption of financing from the EU funds – the EU Cohesion Policy and
Recovery and Resilience Facility
Within the framework of the new EU Cohesion Policy programming period 2021-2027, investments
funded under EU Cohesion Policy will be topped-up by additional financing from the Recovery and
Resilience Facility (the “RRF”) plan for Latvia. The RRF is aimed to mitigate negative economic and
social impacts caused by COVID-19 pandemic. Total EU originated public contribution to financial
instruments to be implemented through ALTUM is estimated to be at least EUR 700 million within period
until 2029.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, availability of public funding depends on ALTUM’s co-funding
capacity from the reflows under the existing programmes, new funding raised in the capital markets
and obtaining loans from the Treasury of the Republic of Latvia, the European Investment Bank, the
European Bank for Reconstruction and Development and the Nordic Investment Bank. Although,
there is strong intention that, if needed, equity of ALTUM will be increased accordingly to ensure
adequate leverage level in light of upcoming financial liabilities, there is a risk that co-funding is not
ensured at the necessary level and accordingly ALTUM’s access to EU funds deriving from the EU
Cohesion Policy and/or the RRF – which is planned as core public funding source for ALTUM – may
be decreased.
Furthermore, there is a risk that new legal requirements on eligibility for public funding available from
the EU Cohesion Policy and/or the RRF contributing to Sustainable Europe Investment Plan/Green
Deal Investment Plan may be introduced. In case the relevant projects are not compliant with the
requirements related to the EU taxonomy for sustainable activities, ALTUM’s access to the EU funds
deriving from the EU Cohesion Policy and/or the RRF may be impaired.
As a result, the scope of ALTUM’s programmes may be reduced, with larger portion of reflows from
the programmes consumed by administrative costs, and part of the new programmes discarded.
In the event funding sources, other than public funding, are not available and the funding provided
by the Cohesion Policy and/or the RRF is decreased, the scope of ALTUM’s programmes may be
reduced. This may have an adverse effect on the liquidity, business operations and financial position
of ALTUM Group.

--- Page 17 ---
17
The programmes financed by the EU Cohesion Policy and the RRF for the programming period 2021-
2027 stipulate that ALTUM has to achieve progress as measured by monitoring indicators, including
sustainability indicators for the RRF funding (e.g., energy savings, reduction of greenhouse gas
emissions per ton of CO2e) and specific financial volumes set already for interim period ending 2024.
There is a risk that the data quality and accuracy of sustainability indicators reported by the
customers may not be sufficient to satisfy the necessary monitoring indications under the
programmes financed by the EU Cohesion Policy and the RFF. As a result, given that the projects
funded under the RRF require higher focus on sustainability, certain customer applications may not
qualify for receipt of such funding, leading to a slower pace of investments as estimated. If ALTUM
fails to reach the estimated interim indicators and financial volumes by the end of 2024 (including
due to inappropriate data quality and accuracy on sustainability indicators reported by the
customers), respective funding available to the financial instruments from the EU Cohesion Policy
and/or the RRF could be reduced or even terminated. This may have a material adverse effect on
the business operations, financial position and reputation of ALTUM Group.
ALTUM Group's estimate for the absorption of funding from the EU funds – the EU Cohesion Policy and
the RRF risk profile is medium.
Risk related to potential change of EU agricultural funding policy
Changes in the EU agricultural funding policy decreasing direct payments to the Latvian farmers may
affect ALTUM’s financial performance.
Since the amount of direct payments to the Latvian farmers under the EU agricultural policy is one of
the drivers for setting the market value of agricultural land and the current loan-to-value ratio is set
at 100 per-cent level, any decrease of direct payments to the Latvian farmers may have an adverse
effect on the market value of agricultural land and the collateral value of loan portfolios to farmers.
Decreased market value may also result in lower investment returns of investment properties
(agricultural land) acquired by ALTUM within the activities of the Land Fund managed by ALTUM.
Another potential trigger upon market value of agricultural land are new legal requirements on
eligibility for public funding contributing to Sustainable Europe Investment Plan/Green Deal
Investment Plan that may be introduced and as such may affect the market value both in a positive
(for instance, if fits to sustainable agriculture criteria), and in a negative way.
Since the income of the farmers is dependent on direct payments not only in Latvia but also across
the EU, decrease of direct payments to Latvian farmers may affect the debt service capacity of the
respective customers and, as a consequence, the quality of ALTUM’s loan portfolio to the farmers.
Since the direct payments to the Latvian (and also Lithuanian and Estonian) farmers are amongst
the lowest in the Eastern Europe, the risk that amount of direct payments to Latvian farmers would
decrease as a result of change in the EU agricultural funding policy is remote. Furthermore, the
current market value of agricultural land value in Latvia, irrespective of the region within the country,
is substantially lower than the market value of comparable land plots in such countries as Poland,
Finland and Sweden. In addition, such factors as actual demand, limited supply and expected
returns of the respective land plots are the key drivers of the market value of the agricultural land in
Latvia, and lower direct payments should not much negatively affect the market value of agricultural
land in Latvia. However, the risk that market value of agricultural land may be negatively affected
by new legal requirements on eligibility for public funding contributing to Sustainable Europe
Investment Plan / Green Deal Investment Plan that may be introduced is moderate.

--- Page 18 ---
18
In the event that the amount of direct payments to the Latvian farmers would decrease as a result
of change in the EU agricultural funding policy or new legal requirements on eligibility for public
funding contributing to Sustainable Europe Investment Plan/Green Deal Investment Plan are
introduced that negatively affect the market value of agricultural land, ALTUM will reset the loan to
value ratio for agricultural land as collateral to loans to farmers at more conservative level, reconsider
the debt service capacity of the farmers in the light of the adjusted income, thus minimizing losses on
new portfolio volume, and redraft the Land Fund’s investment strategy to ensure the adequate
pricing for acquisition of properties as well as exit terms for sales and leaseback deals. In respect of
the existing loan portfolio for customers that might face debt service challenges ALTUM will offer other
state support products for stressed working capital and revise the payment terms of the respective
loans, if necessary. In case of negative trend upon the market value of agricultural land kept within
ALTUM’s investment properties the exit of respective investment properties will be prolonged until
favourable market situation thus leading to unrealised loss on change of fair value when market
value decreases.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a materialisation of this risk may have an adverse effect on the
business operations and financial position of ALTUM Group.
ALTUM Group's estimate for the potential change of EU agricultural funding policy risk profile is
medium.
Risks related to access and absorption of financing from the EU funds – InvestEU
Within the framework of the 2021-2027 programming period of the EU funds ALTUM considers to apply
and undertake an implementing partner role within the InvestEU Programme in Latvia, thus increasing
the scope of respective InvestEU Programme’s financial products (including, direct loans and
guarantees) to the corporates in Latvia. However, should ALTUM undertake the implementing partner
role within the InvestEU Programme in Latvia, there is a risk of competing with other implementing
partners (commercial banks) which may be in a better position in offering certain products and
serving higher number of customers. This may result in lower demand for ALTUM products and
decreased volume of InvestEU funding managed by ALTUM. Due to strict ESG compliance
requirements for InvestEU eligible products the pace of investments in Latvia may be relatively slow.
In the event ALTUM fails to reach the estimated interim indicators and financial volumes (including
due to competition with other implementing partners (commercial banks) in Latvia and/or
inappropriate data quality and accuracy on sustainability indicators reported by the customers)
within 1-2 year period as of signing the agreement on InvestEU implementing partner role, there is a
risk that the available InvestEU funding may be reduced or even terminated. This may have a
material adverse effect on the business operations, financial position and reputation of ALTUM
Group.
ALTUM Group's estimate for the access and absorption of financing from the EU funds – InvestEU risk
profile is low.
Risks related to absorption of funding for the 2014-2020 programming period of the EU funds
The programmes financed from the funding of the 2014-2020 programming period of the EU funds
stipulate that ALTUM has to achieve progress as measured by monitoring indicators (e.g., a certain
number of supported entrepreneurs) and specific financial volumes by 2023. Although, there is a
possibility to shift the funding from less popular programmes to more demanded ones in view of the

--- Page 19 ---
19
market situation and assessment of the needs for particular instruments, if ALTUM fails to reach the
estimated financial volumes by 2023, the funding available to the financial instruments could be
reduced and/or eligible management fee for the period could be decreased by 2 per-cent.
For example, due to COVID-19 outbreak (impacting, e.g., adoption of decisions of the general
meeting of apartment owners) and increase of construction costs in 2021, the construction
companies often refuse to enter into agreements and implement the projects. This leads to re-start
of the tendering for new construction companies that is time consuming process, and in certain
instances not even possible due to timing constrains. Therefore, it is possible that not all applicants
will be in a position to complete the envisaged projects, which is expected to create deviation on
required volumes by the end of 2023 at the Energy Efficiency Programme for Multi-Apartment
Buildings programme. This may result in decrease of eligible management fee for the Energy
Efficiency Programme for Multi-Apartment Buildings by 2 per-cent (amounting to approximately EUR
150,000) that is not material to ALTUM Group.
ALTUM Group's estimate for the absorption of funding for the 2014-2020 programming period of the
EU funds risk profile is low.
Risk related to public funding reflows
The public funding reflows are all repayments, revenues, gains and other earnings received from
loans, loan guarantees and equity and quasi-equity investments that are financed from the EU funds
and which are paid back within respective programme’s implementation period.
The EU funding available for the implementation of state support programmes constitutes ALTUM’s
obligations towards the Ministry of Economics of the Republic of Latvia and the Central Finance and
Contracting Agency of the Republic of Latvia, providing that ALTUM has to repay respective portion
of the funding reflows at the end of the implementation period of the respective programme. At the
same time, the Cabinet of the Ministers of the Republic of Latvia may decide on channelling of the
repayable funding reflows towards continuation of the financial instruments’ programmes and
implementation of new programmes.
Thus far, the Cabinet of Ministers of the Republic of Latvia has channelled all the reflows into the
implementation of ALTUM’s financial instruments. Nevertheless, there is a risk that the Cabinet of
Ministers of the Republic of Latvia may decide to halt the reinvestment of reflows into new operations,
as a result of which ALTUM may receive less funding. This would increase funding costs leading to
adverse effect on the liquidity, business operations and financial position of ALTUM Group.
ALTUM Group's estimate for the public funding reflows risk profile is low.
Insufficient state-backed guarantee risk
According to the Development Finance Institution Law (in Latvian - Attīstības finanšu institūcijas
likums) and Agriculture and Rural Development Law (in Latvian - Lauksaimniecības un lauku attīstības
likums), the Latvian government is accountable for the guarantees issued by ALTUM in the amount
specified each year by the respective law on the State Budget. As of 30 June 2021, up to EUR 270
million of ALTUM issued guarantees were backed by the State, while actual amount of guarantees
issued by ALTUM was EUR 250,1 million. Since the issued guarantees are backed by the State budget,
the underlying loans with ALTUM guarantees are aligned as loans with State guarantees, and the
commercial banks for such loans may apply lower risk weight in capital adequacy calculation.

--- Page 20 ---
20
ALTUM may issue guarantees above the limits stipulated by the annual State budget, however, in
such event the Latvian government would not be accountable for guarantees exceeding the
permitted limit. If the issued guarantee portfolio exceeds the amount backed by the State, there is
appropriate coverage of expected losses to be taken by Risk coverage reserve/Portfolio loss reserve
originated by public funding.
Although, ALTUM is taking all the appropriate measures to meet its short-to long-term guarantee
obligations, there is a risk that the maximum total guarantee exposure having the status of state-
backed guarantees could possibly be reduced or even revoked, as a result of which ALTUM’s
respective guarantees not backed by the State would decrease from the perspective of the
commercial banks. This may have an adverse effect on business operations and financial position of
ALTUM Group.
ALTUM Group's estimate for the insufficient state-backed guarantee risk profile is low.
Business environment and competitive risks
There is a risk that in the long-term ALTUM’s operational niches could shrink as a result of improved
capacity of ALTUM’s customers to gain access to financial instruments offered by private funding
providers and/or the products offered by ALTUM becoming outdated due to changing business
environment in the particular market gap niche operated by ALTUM.
Companies that set up their businesses successfully and stay in business for a longer period become
attractive customers for private market participants, such as commercial banks, leading to their
ability to refinance loans with credit institutions.  Hence, there is a risk of loss of existing customers in
case they decide to switch to the services provided by commercial banks.
ALTUM follows the market situation persistently by adjusting the terms of the programmes and the list
of offered products to current market needs, including through pro-active co-operation with credit
institutions. ALTUM implements state support programmes based on ex-ante assessment of market or
implements specific assignments delegated by the Latvian government to promote the
development of the national economy. It supplements the private market supply by implementing
state support programmes in the spheres where there are market gaps or sub-optimal circumstances
for investments.
In case other market participants fill the market gap in which ALTUM is operating, ALTUM would be
forced to terminate or reduce the scope of certain business operations within the said market gap
and look for current market needs where private funding is not available.
Therefore, deterioration of ALTUM’s competitive position and/or loss of a considerable share of the
customer base, may have an adverse effect on the business operations and financial position of
ALTUM Group.
ALTUM Group's estimate for the business environment and competitive risk profile is low.
Limitation of the scope of ALTUM’s business operations by the European Commission
In its decision of 9 June 2015, the European Commission concluded that the proposal of Latvia to
establish ALTUM as a Latvian single development institution is compatible with the EU state support
rules.

--- Page 21 ---
21
The European Commission has granted approval for ALTUM’s business operations until 31 December
2022. The approval may be prolonged, following a reassessment by the European Commission. In
case ALTUM is assigned with other responsibilities and/or functions outside the agreed remit in the
future, approval by the European Commission has to be received. It is intended that the prior
notification process with the European Commission for the extension of the decision of the European
Commission allowing to operate after 31 December 2022 will be commenced in September 2021.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, there is a risk that as of 1 January 2023 the scope of ALTUM’s business
operations may differ, some of the current business operations may not be prolonged and/or may
be replaced with new business operations. This may have an adverse effect on the business
operations and financial position of ALTUM Group.
ALTUM Group's estimate for the limitation of the scope of ALTUM’s business operations by the
European Commission risk profile is low.
Legal and Regulatory Risks
Compliance risk
Compliance risk is a probability for ALTUM Group to incur losses, be subjected to legal sanctions
imposed on ALTUM Group, or a probability for its reputation to deteriorate in case ALTUM Group fails
to adhere to or breaches any applicable compliance laws, regulations and standards (i.e., laws and
other legal enactments, as well as standards, codes of professional conduct and ethics established
by self-governing institutions related to ALTUM Group’s business).
Since the implementation of state support programmes requires compliance with a broad regulatory
framework, including the EU regulatory framework and national laws and regulations, the
compliance risk for the implementation of ALTUM’s programmes is of particular importance. Namely,
there is a risk that ALTUM and its cooperation partners (financial intermediaries) may interpret and
apply the EU law differently than the supervisory authorities during their inspections. This risk stems
from the fact that EU legislative acts in respect to the implementation of state support programmes
may be interpreted differently and that no detailed guidelines or methodologies have been
developed by the supervising authorities.
ALTUM has established a risk management system to ensure pro-active risk management, as well as
timely introduction of corrective measures for mitigation or elimination of the compliance risks. In
order to manage the risks, ALTUM uses various risk management methods and instruments, as well as
risk limits and restrictions. The risk management methods are chosen depending on materiality of the
particular risk and its impact on ALTUM’s operations.
In addition, ALTUM consults with the responsible ministries of the Republic of Latvia on implementation
of most suitable solutions.
Once the compliance risk that is classified as an operational risk materialises, the non-compliant
transaction is excluded from the respective portfolio and financial intermediaries are requested to
cover the losses incurred or pay back in advance the non-eligible expenditures to cover the loss on
financial corrections to the attribution of funding of the European Regional Development Fund;
however, such cases are exceptional. ALTUM keeps improving its operations and internal control
system so that non-compliant transactions are not concluded.

--- Page 22 ---
22
Notwithstanding ALTUM’s efforts, non-compliance with regulations in respect of implementation of
programmes may have an adverse effect on the financial position and reputation of ALTUM Group.
ALTUM Group's estimate for the compliance risk profile is low.
Money laundering, terrorism and proliferation financing and national and international sanctions risk
Money laundering, terrorism and proliferation financing and national and international sanctions risk
is a probability for ALTUM to incur losses or a probability for its reputation to deteriorate in case ALTUM
engages in business with customers conducting or being involved in money laundering, terrorism or
proliferation financing and/or are subject to Latvian national sanctions or sanctions of international
organizations.
ALTUM is an obliged entity within the meaning of the Law on the Prevention of Money Laundering
and Terrorism and Proliferation Financing (in Latvian - Noziedzīgi iegūtu līdzekļu legalizācijas un
terorisma un proliferācijas finansēšanas novēršanas likums) and the Law on International Sanctions
and National Sanctions of the Republic of Latvia (in Latvian - Starptautisko un Latvijas Republikas
nacionālo sankciju likums), and takes all the measures necessary to reduce the probability of
conducting business with customers involved in or allegedly involved in money laundering, terrorism
and proliferation financing by adhering to the requirements of the applicable laws and regulations,
and by implementing the “know your customer” principles in its business operations.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, there is a risk that the measures adopted by ALTUM may be
insufficient for prevention of money laundering, terrorism and proliferation financing, and with
compliance with national and international sanctions. This may have an adverse effect on the
financial position and reputation of ALTUM.
ALTUM Group's estimate for the money laundering, terrorism and proliferation financing and national
and international sanctions risk profile is low.
General Data Protection Regulation compliance risk
There is a risk that ALTUM has not taken the necessary measures to ensure compliance with
Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the
protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and the free movement of
such data and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation). This may have
an adverse effect on the financial position and reputation of ALTUM.
ALTUM ensures that personal data of customers is always safe and that the processing of personal
data is consistent with existing data protection legislation, internal policies, guidelines, and
procedures. ALTUM has developed and implemented the necessary internal standards and personal
data protection system. ALTUM has also appointed a data protection officer. The primary role of the
data protection officer is to ensure that ALTUM complies with the requirements, guidelines, and
procedures of personal data protection regulation.
ALTUM constantly reviews and improves protection measures to protect personal data from
unauthorised access, accidental loss, disclosure or destruction. To do this, ALTUM applies modern
technology, technical and organisational requirements.
ALTUM Group's estimate for the General Data Protection Regulation compliance risk profile is low.

--- Page 23 ---
23
Financial Risks
Credit risk
ALTUM has established a risk management system that is relevant to its operations and which is
regulated by ALTUM’s internal regulatory documents. The risk management system provides a
comprehensive credit risk assessment of ALTUM’s customers or business partners prior to initiating
cooperation, as well as enables a continuous monitoring of credit risk transactions, credit risk
assessment and management of credit risk transactions in ALTUM’s portfolio. The exposure to credit
risk is mitigated by obtaining pledges relevant to the risk transaction or other types of collateral, as
well as by securing a coverage of expected losses arising from higher level of credit risk while
implementing state support programmes from public funding injected in ALTUM via Specific Reserve
capital and disclosed within “Portfolio Loss Reserve” or recognised as liabilities Support Programme
Funding and disclosed within “Risk Coverage Reserve”.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, there is a risk to incur losses in the event ALTUM’s customers, including
COVID-19 products portfolio, or business partners are not able or refuse to comply with their liabilities
towards ALTUM pursuant to the terms and conditions of the concluded agreements and respective
risk coverage funded by public funding is not sufficient.
ALTUM Group's estimate for the credit risk profile is medium.
Decrease of specific reserve capital
The public funding received as of 2020 for the purposes of implementation of COVID-19 programmes,
including both funding component and portion to cover expected credit risk, was injected in the
specific reserve capital of ALTUM.
If a particular COVID-19 programme is not in demand or is implemented at a lower scale due to
minimal demand by the market, including by commercial banks, the respective public funding
originally earmarked for respective COVID-19 programme either partly or in full may be (i) shifted to
other State support programmes within the specific reserve capital of ALTUM, or (ii) excluded from
the specific reserve capital of ALTUM and  transferred to liabilities of ALTUM Group for funding of
another State support programme (e.g., in respect to financial instruments, combined support or
grants), or (iii) excluded from the specific reserve capital of ALTUM and transferred to the
shareholders of ALTUM if there are no State support programmes to be implemented by ALTUM Group
where respective funding is needed.
Although, ALTUM generally practises allocation of the respective public funding for its most
appropriate use, there is a risk that such allocation may be interpreted by the counterparties of
ALTUM as negative trend on performance and/or corporate governance of ALTUM Group.  This may
have an adverse effect on the business operations, financial position and reputation of ALTUM
Group.
ALTUM Group's estimate for decrease of specific reserve capital is medium.
Eligibility of public funds expenditure risk
The EU and national legislation have an established procedure for determining eligibility for funding
under the state support programmes financed from the EU’s structural funds and national budget.
ALTUM implements a number of such programmes, in some of which it is acting as an intermediary

--- Page 24 ---
24
(grant programmes, venture capital), where ALTUM does not exercise full control over the funds’
expenditure (they are granted in advance).
This entails a risk that the Central Finance and Contracting Agency of the Republic of Latvia may
regard part of the expenditure as not eligible for funding. In such case ALTUM would have to cover
the costs from the reflows under the programmes’ and seek recovery of funds from the debtor or the
responsible fund manager by enforced collection. As a consequence, these expenses may result in
decrease of the amount of available reflows that may be used to fund ALTUM Group’s product on
more attractive terms. To preclude adverse effect of such situations, ALTUM, when reasonably
necessary, negotiates with relevant ministries of the Republic of Latvia on a compensatory
mechanism from the national funds.
ALTUM Group's estimate for the eligibility of public funds expenditure risk profile is low.
Risks related to compensation payments
Part of ALTUM’s revenue from programmes that are implemented by employing the EU funds, due to
limitations to the maximum possible loan interest rate or ALTUM’s status of agent in programme
implementation, consists of compensations, the maximum amount of which is established by the EU
regulations. According to the programme performance evaluation, the necessary amount of
compensations exceeds the maximum limit established by the applicable EU regulations. The terms
and conditions of the programme (as approved by the Cabinet of Ministers of the Republic of Latvia)
provide that the difference between the limit established by the applicable EU regulations and the
amount estimated in the business plan is covered from the EU’s structural fund and national budget
funding reflows. There is a risk that national and EU regulatory changes covering these matters may
have an adverse effect on ALTUM’s financial position, if additional limitations on compensation
payments are imposed.
ALTUM Group's estimate for the compensation payments risk profile is low.
Liquidity risk
For liquidity risk assessment purposes ALTUM analyses and assesses the coverage of outbound cash
flows by inbound cash flows and liquid assets.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, there is a risk to incur losses in case ALTUM is unable to satisfy the
legally valid claims of its creditors in a timely manner, or, in the case of contingency, such as, for
instance, unexpected reduction in the volume of cash flows from the loan portfolio and other assets,
resulting in a material shortage of liquid assets at ALTUM’s disposal.
ALTUM Group's estimate for the liquidity risk profile is low.
Foreign exchange risk
ALTUM conducts foreign currency risk identification and assessment by analysing the structure of
assets, liabilities and off-balance items by foreign currency profile and estimating the amount of
probable losses due to foreign exchange rate fluctuations.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, there is a risk to incur losses from revaluation of balance and off-
balance items denominated in foreign currencies due to exchange rate fluctuations.

--- Page 25 ---
25
ALTUM Group's estimate for the foreign exchange risk profile is low.
Misinterpretation of risk coverage component - portfolio loss reserve within the specific reserve
capital of ALTUM
As of 2020, the public funding for implementation of the COVID-19 products to cover expected credit
risk was injected in the specific reserve capital of ALTUM and recognised within the portfolio loss
reserve, being one of the two components for risk coverage. The portfolio loss reserve would be used
to cover credit losses of the respective programme and as such would decrease over the time
However, there is a risk that such recognition might be incorrectly treated as a negative performance
of ALTUM Group, thus creating a material adverse effect on the reputation of ALTUM Group.
ALTUM Group's estimate for misinterpretation of risk coverage component – portfolio loss reserve
within the specific reserve capital of ALTUM risk profile is low.
Interest rate risk
ALTUM identifies and assesses the interest rate risk by analysing the structure of assets, liabilities and
off-balance sheet items sensitive to interest rate movements and estimates the maximum amount of
potential losses from interest rate changes, as well as the impact on ALTUM’s business result.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, there is a risk to incur losses due to changes in interest rates
applicable to ALTUM’s income and/or expense and its economic value.
ALTUM Group's estimate for the interest rate risk profile is low.
Risks related to the Notes
The following risk factors are, among other things, material in order to assess the risks associated with
the Notes.
Possibility to forfeit interest and principal amount invested
Should ALTUM become insolvent, legal protection proceedings or out-of-court legal protection
proceedings of ALTUM are initiated during the term of the Notes, an investor may forfeit interest
payable on, and the principal amount of, the Notes in whole or in part. An investor is always solely
responsible for the economic consequences of its investment decisions.
No guarantee or security
The Notes will not constitute an obligation of anyone other than ALTUM and they will not be
guaranteed. No one other than ALTUM will accept any liability whatsoever in respect of any failure
by ALTUM to pay any amount due under the Notes.
The Notes are unsecured debt instruments and the Noteholders would be unsecured creditors in the
event of ALTUM’s insolvency. The secured creditors of ALTUM are the Treasury of the Republic of Latvia
(outstanding amount of debt as of 30 June 2021 was EUR 106,595 million) and the European
Investment Bank (outstanding amount of debt as of 30 June 2021 was EUR 16,493 million). In the event
of insolvency, ALTUM’s assets will be used for settling the Noteholders’ claims only after the claims of
the Treasury of the Republic of Latvia, the European Investment Bank and other preferential creditors
are satisfied.

--- Page 26 ---
26
The Notes do not contain covenants governing ALTUM's operations and do not limit its ability to merge
or otherwise affect significant transactions that may have a material adverse effect on the Notes and
the Noteholders
The Notes do not contain provisions designed to protect the Noteholders from a reduction in the
creditworthiness of ALTUM. In particular, the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes do not,
except for the Change of Control and Events of Default conditions (see Clause 14 and Clause 16 of
the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes), restrict ALTUM’s ability to increase or decrease its
share capital, to enter into a merger or other significant transaction that could materially alter its
existence, jurisdiction of organization or regulatory regime and/or its composition and business. In the
event that ALTUM enters into such a transaction, Noteholders could be materially adversely affected.
Furthermore, the Change of Control condition does not restrict the current shareholder of ALTUM,
namely, the Republic of Latvia, from disposing any or all of its shareholdings, in case the law, which
at the date of this Base Prospectus restricts privatisation or alienation of the shares of ALTUM, is
changed.
No limitation on issuing additional debt
ALTUM is not prohibited from issuing further debt. If ALTUM incurs significant additional debt of an
equivalent seniority with the Notes, it will increase the number of claims that would be equally entitled
to receive the proceeds, including those related to ALTUM’s possible insolvency. Further, any
provision which confers, purports to confer, or waives a right to create security interest in favour of
third parties, such as a negative pledge, is ineffective against third parties since: (i) it is an issue of a
contractual arrangement only being binding upon the parties to such contractual arrangement; (ii)
there is no specific legislation in Latvia providing beneficiaries of negative pledge undertakings or
covenants with a preferred position vis-a-vis the claims of third parties; and (iii) no registry or public
record exists in Latvia through which negative pledge undertakings or covenants could be filed to
obtain a preferred position. Should ALTUM breach its obligations under such undertakings and
covenants and create a security interest in favour of a third party, such third party would obtain a
valid and enforceable security interest over the pledged asset.
Adverse change in the financial condition or prospects of ALTUM
Any adverse change in the financial condition or prospects of ALTUM may have a material adverse
effect on the liquidity of the Notes and may result in a material decline in their market price. Such
adverse change may result in a reduced probability that the Noteholders will be fully repaid on time.
This provision concerns for the principal and interest amounts and/or any other amounts and items
payable to the Noteholders pursuant to the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes from time to
time.
In respect of any Notes issued as Green Bonds, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds
will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor. Any failure to use the net proceeds of any
Tranche of Notes issued as Green Bonds in connection with green projects, and/or any failure to
meet, or to continue to meet, the investment requirements of certain environmentally focused
investors with respect to such Green Bonds may affect the value and/or trading price of the Green
Bonds, and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in
green assets
The Issuer may issue Notes under the Base Prospectus where the use of proceeds is specified in the
applicable Final Terms to be for the financing and/or refinancing of projects and activities that

--- Page 27 ---
27
promote transition to low carbon economy and climate resilience, in accordance with certain
prescribed eligibility criteria set out in the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework (as defined below) (any
Notes which have such a specified use of proceeds are referred to as “Green Bonds”).
In respect of any Notes issued as Green Bonds, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds
will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor. The Final Terms relating to any specific
Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention to apply the proceeds from an offer
of those Notes specifically for one or more Eligible Green Projects (as defined under the Issuer’s Green
Bond Framework available on its website from time to time (the “Green Bond Framework”)).
Prospective investors should have regard to the information set out on the Issuer’s website and must
determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in the
Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary.
In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer that the use of such proceeds for any Eligible Green
Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its
investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations
or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with
regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses,
the subject of or related to, any Eligible Green Projects.
Furthermore, a basis for the determination of the definitions of “green” and “sustainable” has been
established in the EU with the publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the
“Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation”) on the establishment of a framework to facilitate
sustainable investment (the ”EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy”). The EU Sustainable Finance
Taxonomy is subject to further development by way of the implementation by the European
Commission through delegated regulations of technical screening criteria for the environmental
objectives set out in the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation. While the intention is that the
applicable green projects would be in alignment with the relevant objectives for the EU Sustainable
Finance Taxonomy, until the technical screening criteria for such objectives have been developed it
is not known whether the Eligible Green Projects will satisfy those criteria. Accordingly, alignment with
the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy, once the technical screening criteria are established, is not
certain.
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever
of any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be
made available in connection with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any Eligible Green
Projects to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of
doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or
form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to
be, a recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. Any such
opinion or certification is only current as of the date that opinion was initially issued. Prospective
investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the
information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of
any investment in such Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not
subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight.
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Notes so specified for Eligible Green
Projects in, or substantially in, the manner described in this Base Prospectus, there can be no
assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green
Projects will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or accordance
with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for

--- Page 28 ---
28
such Eligible Green Projects. None of the Arranger or the Dealer will verify or monitor the proposed
use of proceeds of the Notes issued under the Base Prospectus.  Nor can there be any assurance
that such Eligible Green Projects will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the
results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated
by the Issuer. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default under the
Notes.
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Eligible Green Projects
as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or
certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which
such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on may have a material adverse effect on the
value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance
Eligible Green Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio
mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose.
Refinancing risk
ALTUM may be required to refinance certain or all of its outstanding debt, including the Notes.
ALTUM's ability to successfully refinance its debt depends on the conditions of debt capital markets
and its own financial condition. ALTUM’s inability to refinance its debt obligations on favourable
terms, or at all, could have a negative impact on ALTUM Group’s operations, financial condition,
earnings and on the Noteholders' recovery under the Notes.
Since the Notes bear interest at a fixed interest rate, movements in market interest rates can
adversely affect the value of the Notes
The Notes bear interest on their outstanding principal amount at a fixed interest rate. A holder of a
security with a fixed interest rate is exposed to the risk that the value of such security could fall as a
result of changes in the market interest rate. While the nominal compensation rate of the Notes is
fixed during the life of the Notes, the current interest rate on the capital market (market interest rate)
typically changes on a daily basis. If the market interest rate increases, the value of a security such
as the Notes typically falls, until the yield of such security is approximately equal to the market interest
rate. If the market interest rate falls, the value of a security such as the Notes typically increases, until
the yield of such a security is approximately equal to the market interest rate. Consequently,
Noteholders should be aware that movements of the market interest rate can adversely affect the
value of the Notes and can lead to losses for the Noteholders if they sell their Notes.
The market price of the Notes may be volatile
The market price of the Notes could be subject to significant fluctuations in response to actual or
anticipated variations in the ALTUM Group's operating results and those of its competitors, adverse
business developments, changes to the regulatory environment in which the ALTUM Group operates,
changes in financial estimates by securities analysts and the actual or expected sale of a large
number of the Notes, as well as other factors. In addition, in recent years the global financial markets
have experienced significant price and volume fluctuations, which, if repeated in the future, could
adversely affect the market price of the Notes without regard to the ALTUM Group's results of
operations, prospects or financial condition. Factors including increased competition or the ALTUM
Group's operating results, the regulatory environment, general market conditions, natural disasters,
pandemics, terrorist attacks and war may have an adverse effect on the market price of the Notes.

--- Page 29 ---
29
An active market for the Notes may not develop
Although application(s) will be made for the Notes to be admitted to trading on Nasdaq Riga stock
exchange, there is no assurance that such application(s) will be accepted and the Notes will be
admitted to trading. In addition, admission of the Notes on a regulated market will not guarantee
that a liquid public market for the Notes will develop or, if such market develops, that it will be
maintained, and neither ALTUM, nor the Arranger or the Dealer is under any obligation to maintain
such market. If an active market for the Notes does not develop or is not maintained, it may result in
a material decline in the market price of the Notes, and the liquidity of the Notes may be adversely
affected. In addition, the liquidity and the market price of the Notes can be expected to vary along
with the changes in market and economic conditions, the financial condition and the prospects of
ALTUM, as well as many other factors that generally influence the market price for securities.
Accordingly, due to such factors the Notes may trade at a discount to the price at which the
Noteholders purchased the Notes. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes at all or at
a price that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar financial instruments that are traded
on a developed and functioning secondary market. Further, if additional and competing financial
instruments are introduced on the markets, this may also result in a material decline in the market
price and value of the Notes.
Exchange rate risk
ALTUM will pay principal and interest on the Notes in EUR. This presents certain risks relating to currency
conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency
unit (the “Investor's Currency”) other than EUR. These include the risk that exchange rates may
significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of EUR or revaluation of the Investor's
Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or
modify currency exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative
to EUR would decrease the Investor's Currency-equivalent: (i) yield on the Notes; (ii) value of the
principal payable on the Notes; and (iii) market value of the Notes.
Credit ratings
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. In case the
Notes are rated by the credit rating agencies, such ratings may not reflect the potential impact of
all risks related to the structure, market, additional factors discussed above, or other factors that may
affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities
and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. Any adverse change in an
applicable credit rating of ALTUM could adversely affect the trading price of the Notes.
No assurance on change of laws or practices
The Notes are governed by the laws of the Republic of Latvia. Latvian laws (including but not limited
to tax laws) and regulations governing the Notes may change during the life of the Notes, and new
judicial decisions can be issued and/or new administrative practices be adopted. No assurance can
be given as to the impact of any of such possible changes of laws or regulations, or new judicial
decision or administrative practice taking place after the date of this Base Prospectus. Hence, such
change may have a material adverse effect on ALTUM’s business, financial condition, results of
operations and/or future prospects and, thereby, ALTUM’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the

--- Page 30 ---
30
Notes, as well as taxation of the Notes, and the market price of the Notes. Such events may also result
in material financial losses or damage to the Noteholders.
Redemption prior to maturity
The Notes are redeemable at the Issuer's option at a price equal to the nominal amount of the Notes
together with the accrued interest (as more fully set out in Clauses 9.3 and 9.4 of the General Terms
and Conditions of the Notes). The Notes are also redeemable due to tax reasons at a price equal to
the nominal amount of the Notes together with the accrued interest (as more fully set out in Clause
11 of the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes). In addition, the Notes are redeemable on the
occurrence of a Change of Control at a price equal to the nominal amount of the Notes together
with the accrued interest (as more fully set out in in Clause 14 of the General Terms and Conditions
of the Notes). Furthermore, if 75 (seventy-five) per-cent or more in principal amount of the Notes then
outstanding have been redeemed based on a Change of Control, the Issuer is entitled to redeem
the remaining Notes at a price equal to the nominal amount of the Notes together with the accrued
interest. It is possible that the Notes are redeemed at a time when the prevailing interest rates may
be relatively low. In such circumstances an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption
proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the Notes. It is
further possible that the Issuer will not have sufficient funds at the time of the occurrence of a Change
of Control to make the required redemption of Notes.
No voting rights
Only the shareholder of ALTUM has voting rights in the shareholders’ meetings of ALTUM. The Notes
carry no such voting rights. Consequently, the Noteholders cannot influence any decisions by
ALTUM's shareholder concerning, for instance, the capital structure of ALTUM.
Amendments to the Notes bind all Noteholders
The General Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for Noteholders to consider matters
affecting their interests generally. The decisions of Noteholders (including amendments to the
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes), subject to defined majorities requirements, will be
binding to all Noteholders, including Noteholders who did not vote and Noteholders who voted in a
manner contrary to the majority. This may cause financial losses, among other things, to all
Noteholders, including the Noteholders who did not vote and Noteholders who voted in a manner
contrary to the majority.
Certain material interests
The Arranger and the Dealer has engaged in, and may in the future engage in, investment banking
and/or commercial banking or other services provided to ALTUM Group in the ordinary course of
business. Therefore, conflicts of interest may exist or may arise as a result of the Arranger’s or the
Dealer’s current or future engagement in transactions with other parties, having multiple roles or
carrying out other transactions for third parties with conflicting interests.
Risks relating to the clearing and settlement in the Depository’s book-entry system
The Notes will be affiliated to the account-based system of the Depository, and no physical notes will
be issued. Clearing and settlement relating to the Notes will be carried out within the Depository's

--- Page 31 ---
31
book-entry system as well as payment of interest and repayment of the principal. Investors are
therefore dependent on the functionality of the Depository's account-based system.

--- Page 32 ---
32
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES
1.
Principal amount and issuance of the Notes
1.1.
Under this third programme for the issuance of notes (the “Programme”) the Issuer may issue
notes up to an aggregate principal amount of up to EUR 75,000,000 (seventy-five million euro)
(the “Notes”).
1.2.
The Notes shall be issued in series (the “Series”).
1.3.
Each Series may comprise one or more tranches of Notes (the “Tranches”). The Notes of each
Tranche will all be subject to identical terms, except that the Issue Dates (as defined below)
and the Issue Prices (as defined below) thereof may be different in respect of different
Tranches.
1.4.
In order to identify each Series and Tranches, the Final Terms (as defined below) shall stipulate
a serial number of the respective Series and a serial number of the respective Tranche.
1.5.
The terms and conditions of each Tranche shall consist of these general terms and conditions
of the Notes (the “General Terms and Conditions”) and the final terms (the “Final Terms”). The
General Terms and Conditions shall apply to each Tranche.
1.6.
Each Final Terms will be approved by the Management Board of the Issuer, published on the
Issuer’s website www.altum.lv and submitted to the Financial and Capital Market Commission,
which will forward them to the Bank of Lithuania (in Lithuanian - Lietuvos Bankas).
1.7.
The aggregate principal amount of a Tranche shall be specified in the Final Terms.
1.8.
The nominal amount of each Note shall be specified in the Final Terms.
1.9.
The Notes will be offered for subscription for a minimum investment amount EUR 100,000 (one
hundred thousand euro) (the “Minimum Investment Amount”).
2.
Form of the Notes and ISIN
2.1.
The Notes are freely transferable non-convertible debt securities, which contain payment
obligations of the Issuer towards the holders of the Notes (the “Noteholders”).
2.2.
The Notes are dematerialized debt securities in bearer form which are disposable without any
restrictions and can be pledged. However, the Notes cannot be offered, sold, resold,
transferred or delivered in such countries or jurisdictions or otherwise in such circumstances in
which it would be unlawful or require measures other than those required under Latvian laws,
including the United States, Australia, Japan, Canada, Hong Kong, South Africa, Singapore
and certain other jurisdictions. In addition, the Noteholders are prohibited to resell, transfer or
deliver the Notes to any person in a manner that would constitute a public offer of securities.
2.3.
The Notes shall be book-entered with Nasdaq CSD SE (registration number: 40003242879, legal
address: Vaļņu 1, Riga, LV-1050, Latvia) (the “Depository”).
2.4.
A separate ISIN will be assigned to each Series, which will be different from ISIN of other Series.
2.5.
Before commencement of the offering of the Notes of the first Tranche of each Series, the
Depository upon request of the Issuer will assign ISIN to the respective Series. Where a further
Tranche is issued, which is intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche at any point
after the Issue Date of the existing Tranche, a temporary ISIN may be assigned to the Notes of

--- Page 33 ---
33
such further Tranche, which is different from ISIN assigned to the relevant Series, until such time
as the Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series.
2.6.
ISIN of the respective Series and a temporary ISIN of the respective Tranche, if applicable, will
be specified in the Final Terms.
3.
Status and security
The Notes constitute direct, unsecured and unguaranteed obligations of the Issuer ranking pari
passu without any preference among each other and with all other unsecured, unguaranteed
and unsubordinated indebtedness of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred
by mandatory provisions of law.
4.
Currency of the Notes
The Notes will be issued in EUR.
5.
Issue price and yield
5.1.
The Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or a premium to their nominal
amount (the “Issue Price”). The Issue Price shall be determined by the Issuer and specified in
the Final Terms.
5.2.
The yield of each Tranche set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated as of the
relevant Issue Date on an annual basis using the relevant Issue Price. It is not an indication of
future yield.
6.
Underwriting
None of the Tranches will be underwritten.
7.
Issue date
The issue date of each Tranche (the “Issue Date”) shall be specified in the Final Terms.
8.
Interest
8.1.
The Notes shall bear interest at a fixed annual interest rate (the “Interest Rate”) which shall be
determined by the Issuer and specified in the Final Terms.
8.2.
The interest on the Notes will be paid annually on the dates specified in the Final Terms (“Interest
Payment Date”) until the Maturity Date (as defined below) and will be calculated on the
aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Notes of the respective Series.
8.3.
Interest shall accrue for each interest period from and including the first day of the interest
period to (but excluding) the last day of the interest period on the principal amount of the
Notes of the respective Series outstanding from time to time. The first interest period
commences on the Issue Date and ends on a day preceding the first Interest Payment Date
(the “First Interest Period”). Each consecutive interest period begins on the previous Interest
Payment Date and ends on a day preceding the following Interest Payment Date. The last
interest period ends on the Maturity Date (as defined below).
8.4.
Interest in respect of the Notes will be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days
elapsed in the relevant interest period divided by 365 (or, in the case of a leap year, 366), i.e.
a day count convention Act/Act (ICMA) will be used.

--- Page 34 ---
34
8.5.
When interest is required to be calculated in respect of a period of less than a full year (other
than in respect of the First Interest Period) it shall be calculated on the basis of (i) the actual
number of days in the period from and including the date from which interest begins to accrue
(the “Accrual Date”) to but excluding the date on which it falls due, divided by (ii) the actual
number of days from and including the Accrual Date to, but excluding the next following
Interest Payment Date.
8.6.
Interest on the Notes shall be paid through the Depository in accordance with the applicable
rules of the Depository. The Noteholders list eligible to receive the interest on the Notes will be
fixed at the end of the 8th (eighth) Business Day immediately preceding the Interest Payment
Date.
8.7.
Should any Interest Payment Date fall on a date which is not a Business Day, the payment of
the interest due will be postponed to the next Business Day. The postponement of the payment
date shall not have an impact on the amount payable.
“Business Day” means a day on which the Depository system is open and operational.
9.
 Redemption
9.1.
The Notes shall be redeemed in full at their nominal amount on the date which will be specified
in the Final Terms (the “Maturity Date”), unless the Issuer has redeemed the Notes in
accordance with Clauses 9.3 and 9.4, Clause 14 (Change of control) or Clause 16 (Events of
Default) below or in case the Noteholders, upon proposal of the Issuer, pursuant to Clause 22
(Decisions of the Noteholders) have decided that the Notes shall be redeemed prior to the
Maturity Date.
9.2.
Each Series of Notes may have a maturity up to 10 (ten] years.
9.3.
The Issuer may redeem each Series of Notes, in whole but not in part, at any time during the
period commencing on the first Business Day falling 3 (three) months prior to the Maturity Date
(such Business Day included) and ending on the Maturity Date (the Maturity Date excluded)
(the “Voluntary Redemption Period”), at an amount equal to 100 (one hundred) per-cent of
their nominal amount together with any accrued but unpaid interest to, but excluding, the
date of voluntary redemption (the “Voluntary Redemption Date”).
9.4.
Redemption in accordance with Clause 9.3 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than 30
(thirty) but no more than 60 (sixty) calendar days’ irrevocable notice specifying the Voluntary
Redemption Date, which shall be a Business Day within the Voluntary Redemption Period, to
the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 20 (Notices).
9.5.
The principal of the Notes shall be paid through the Depository in accordance with the
applicable rules of the Depository. The Noteholders list eligible to receive the principal of the
Notes will be fixed at the end of the Business Day immediately preceding the payment of the
principal of the Notes.
9.6.
Should the payment date fall on a date which is not a Business Day, the payment of the amount
due will be postponed to the next Business Day. The postponement of the payment date shall
not have an impact on the amount payable.
10.
Taxation
All payments in respect of the Notes by the Issuer shall be made without withholding or
deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or

--- Page 35 ---
35
governmental charges of whatever nature (“Taxes”), unless the withholding or deduction of
the Taxes is required by the laws of the Republic of Latvia. In such case, the Issuer shall pay such
additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders after such withholding or
deduction of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding
or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in
respect of any Note held by or on behalf of a Noteholder which is liable to such Taxes in respect
of such Note by reason of its having some connection with the Republic of Latvia other than
the mere holding of the Note.
11.
Redemption for tax reasons
11.1. The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time
on giving 30 (thirty) but no more than 60 (sixty) calendar days’ irrevocable notice to the
Noteholders at an amount equal to 100 (one hundred) per-cent of their nominal amount
together with any accrued but unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of redemption, if:
(i)
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred
to in Clause 10 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or
regulations of the Republic of Latvia or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or
therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of
such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the
date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes; and
(ii)
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available
to it,
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 (ninety)
days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional
amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due.
11.2. Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall
obtain an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the
Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change
or amendment.
11.3. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Clause 11, the Issuer shall be bound
to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Clause 11.
12.
Placement of the Notes
12.1. Initially the Notes of the respective Tranche will be book-entered in the distribution account of
the Dealer with the Depository.
12.2. The placement period for each Tranche (the “Placement Period”) will be specified in the Final
Terms. The Issuer may decide on shortening or lengthening the Placement Period.
12.3. The investors wishing to purchase the Notes shall submit their orders to the Dealer to purchase
the Notes (the “Purchase Orders”) at any time during the Placement Period.
12.4. Total amount of the Notes to be purchased and provided in each Purchase Order shall be no
less than the Minimum Investment Amount.
12.5. Purchase Orders by the same legal entity or person will be aggregated into one if all order
parameters (except the purchase amount) are the same.

--- Page 36 ---
36
12.6. All Purchase Orders are binding and irrevocable commitment to acquire the allotted Notes.
12.7. On the same Business Day following the Placement Period the Issuer will decide whether to
proceed with the issuance of the Notes of a respective Tranche or cancel the issuance. In case
the issuance of the Notes of a respective Tranche is cancelled, the Issuer will publish an
announcement on the Issuer’s website www.altum.lv.
12.8. The Issuer in consultation with the Dealer will decide on allotment of the Notes to the Investors.
The Issuer reserves a right to reject any Purchase Order, in whole or in part, at its sole discretion.
12.9. The Dealer shall send to each investor by way of e-mail or through Bloomberg system a
confirmation which will contain information on the extent of satisfaction or rejection of the
Purchase Order submitted by the investor, the number of Notes allotted to the investor and the
amount (price) payable for the Notes.
12.10.The settlement for the Notes will take place on the Issue Date and will be carried out by the
Dealer in accordance with the DVP (Delivery vs Payment) principle pursuant to the applicable
rules of the Depository.
12.11.All paid up Notes shall be treated as issued. The Notes which are not paid up shall be cancelled.
12.12.Information about the placement results of the Notes will be published on the Issuer’s website
www.altum.lv within 1(one) Business Day following the Placement Period.
13.
Admission to trading
13.1. The Issuer shall submit an application regarding inclusion of each Tranche in the Baltic Bond List
of Akciju sabiedrība “Nasdaq Riga”, registration number: 40003167049, legal address: Vaļņu 1,
Riga, LV-1050, Latvia (“Nasdaq Riga”). An application shall be prepared according to the
requirements of Nasdaq Riga and shall be submitted to Nasdaq Riga within 3 (three) months
after the Issue Date of the respective Tranche.
13.2. The Issuer shall use its best efforts to ensure that the Notes remain listed in the Baltic Bond List of
Nasdaq Riga or, if such listing is not possible, to obtain or maintain, listed or traded on another
regulated market. The Issuer shall, following a listing or admission to trading, take all reasonable
actions on its part required as a result of such listing or trading of the Notes.
13.3. The Issuer will cover all costs which are related to the admission of the Notes to the relevant
regulated market.
14.
Change of control
14.1. If at any time while any Note remains outstanding: (i) there occurs a Change of Control (as
defined below), and (ii) within the Change of Control Period (as defined below), a Rating Event
(as defined below) in respect of that Change of Control occurs (such Change of Control and
Rating Event not having been cured prior to the expiry of the Change of Control Period,
together, a “Change of Control Put Event”), each Noteholder will have the option (the “Change
of Control Put Option”) (unless, prior to the giving of the Change of Control Put Event Notice (as
defined below), the Issuer gives notice to redeem the Notes according to Clauses 9.3 and 9.4)
to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer’s option, to procure the purchase of, all or part
of its Notes, on the Optional Redemption Date (as defined below) at an amount equal to 100
(one hundred) per-cent of their nominal amount together with any accrued but unpaid interest
to, but excluding, the Optional Redemption Date.

--- Page 37 ---
37
A “Change of Control” shall be deemed to have occurred if at any time following the Issue
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes, the Republic of Latvia ceases to own, directly or indirectly,
at least 51 (fifty-one) per-cent of the issued share capital of the Issuer or ceases to have the
power, directly or indirectly, to cast, or control the casting of, at least 51 (fifty-one) per-cent of
the maximum number of votes that might be casted at a Shareholders’ Meeting of the Issuer.
“Change of Control Period” means the period beginning on the date of the first public
announcement by or on behalf of the Issuer by any bidder or any designated advisor, of the
relevant Change of Control and ending 90 (ninety) days after completion of the relevant
Change of Control.
A “Rating Event” shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control if (within
the Change of Control Period) either:
(i)
(A) the rating previously assigned to the Issuer by any Rating Agency solicited by the Issuer
is (x) withdrawn or (y) changed from an investment grade rating (Baa3/BBB- or its
equivalent for the time being, or better) to a non-investment grade rating (Ba1/BB+ or its
equivalent for the time being, or worse) or (z) (if the rating previously assigned to the Issuer
by any Rating Agency solicited by the Issuer was below an investment grade rating (as
described above)), lowered by at least one full rating notch (for example, from Ba1 to
Ba2, or their respective equivalents) and (B) such rating is not subsequently upgraded (in
the case of a downgrade) or reinstated (in the case of a withdrawal) within the Change
of Control Period either to an investment grade credit rating (in the case of (x) and (y)) or
to its earlier credit rating or better (in the case of (z)) by such Rating Agency; or
(ii)
the Issuer has not been previously assigned a credit rating solicited by the Issuer, and no
Rating Agency assigns the Issuer an investment grade rating solicited by the Issuer within
the Change of Control Period;
provided that the Rating Agency making the reduction in rating or deciding not to assign an
investment grade rating announces or publicly confirms or, having been so requested by the
Issuer, informs the Issuer in writing that the lowering or failure to assign an investment grade
rating was the result, in whole or in part, of any event or circumstance comprised in or arising
as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable Change of Control (whether or not the applicable
Change of Control shall have occurred at the time of the Rating Event).
“Rating Agency” means Moody’s Investor Services, S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Fitch
Ratings Ireland Limited or any of their affiliates.
14.2. Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Change of Control Put Event has occurred,
the Issuer shall give notice (a “Change of Control Put Event Notice”) to the Noteholders in
accordance with Clause 20 (Notices) specifying the nature of the Change of Control Put Event
and the circumstances giving rise to it, and the procedure for exercising the Change of Control
Put Option.
14.3. To exercise the Change of Control Put Option, a Noteholder within the period (the “Change of
Control Put Period”) of 45 (forty-five) days after a Change of Control Put Event Notice is given
must provide to the Issuer in writing a notice on exercise of the Change of Control Put Option
(a “Change of Control Put Option Notice”).
14.4. A Change of Control Put Option Notice once given shall be irrevocable. The Issuer shall redeem
or, at the option of the Issuer procure the purchase of, the Notes in respect of which the
Change of Control Put Option has been validly exercised as provided above by the date which

--- Page 38 ---
38
is the 5th (fifth) Business Day following the end of the Change of Control Put Period (the
“Optional Redemption Date”).
14.5. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no responsibility for any cost or loss of
whatever kind (including breakage costs) which the Noteholder may incur as a result of or in
connection with such Noteholder’s exercise or purported exercise of, or otherwise in
connection with, any Change of Control Put Option (whether as a result of any purchase or
redemption arising therefrom or otherwise).
14.6. If 75 (seventy-five) per-cent or more in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding have
been redeemed pursuant to this Clause 14, the Issuer may, on not less than 30 (thirty) nor more
than 60 (sixty) days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 20
(Notices) given within 30 (thirty) days after the Optional Redemption Date, redeem on a date
to be specified in such notice at its option, all (but not some only) of the remaining Notes at
100 (one hundred) per-cent of their nominal amount, together with interest accrued to, but
excluding, the date of redemption.
15.
Negative pledge
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its
Material Subsidiaries create or permit to subsist mortgage, pledge or any other security interest
(each a “Security Interest”), other than a Permitted Security Interest, upon the whole or any
part of its present or future business, undertaking, assets or revenues to secure any Relevant
Indebtedness or Guarantee of Relevant Indebtedness without (a) at the same time or prior
thereto securing the Notes equally and rateably therewith, or (b) providing such other security
for the Notes or other arrangement (weather or not it includes the granting of a security) as
may be approved by the Noteholders pursuant to Clause 22 (Decisions of the Noteholders).
“Subsidiary” means a company:
(i)
whose affairs and policies the Issuer controls or has the power to control, whether by
ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the
governing body or otherwise; or
(ii)
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally
accepted accounting principles, consolidated with those of the Issuer.
“Material Subsidiary” means at any time any Subsidiary:
(i)
whose total consolidated (or, if applicable, unconsolidated) assets (excluding
intercompany 
loans, 
intercompany 
payables, 
intercompany 
receivables 
and
intercompany unrealised gains and losses in inventories) represent not less than 10 (ten)
per-cent of the total consolidated assets of the Issuer, or whose gross consolidated EBITDA
(or, if applicable, unconsolidated) represents not less than 10 (ten) per-cent of the gross
consolidated EBITDA of the Issuer, in each case as determined by reference to the most
recent publicly available annual or interim financial statements of the Issuer prepared in
accordance with IFRS and the latest financial statements of the Subsidiary determined in
accordance with IFRS; or
(ii)
to which is transferred the whole or substantially all of the assets and undertakings of a
Subsidiary which, immediately prior to such transfer, is a Material Subsidiary.

--- Page 39 ---
39
“EBITDA” means (i) the consolidated operating profit of the Group or (ii) in the case of a
Material Subsidiary, the consolidated or unconsolidated operating profit of such Material
Subsidiary, in the case of both (i) and (ii) before taking into account:
(a)
depreciation and amortisation;
(b)
finance income and finance costs;
(c)
revaluation of property, plant and equipment, and investment property;
(d)
impairment of property, plant and equipment;
(e)
current year income tax expense and deferred income tax (expense)/benefit;
(f)
any revaluation of non-current assets; and
(g)
exceptional items, as defined by IFRS or separately identified as such within the most
recent publicly available annual or interim financial statements of the Issuer or the
relevant Material Subsidiary (as the case may be), prepared in accordance with IFRS.
“Group” means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time.
“IFRS” means the International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European
Union.
“Permitted Security Interest” means any Security Interest created over any asset of any
company which becomes a Subsidiary after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes,
where such Security Interest is created prior to the date on which the company becomes a
Subsidiary, provided that:
(i)
such Security Interest was not created in contemplation of the acquisition of such
company; and
(ii)
the principal amount secured was not increased in contemplation of or since the
acquisition (or proposed acquisition) of that company.
“Indebtedness” means any indebtedness (whether principal, premium, interest or other
amounts) in respect of any bonds, notes or other debt securities or borrowed money by the
Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries (other than from the Issuer to any of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries
and from any of the Issuer’s wholly-owned Subsidiaries to the Issuer or to another wholly-owned
Subsidiary).
“Relevant Indebtedness” means any Indebtedness which is in the form of, or represented by
any bond, note or other debt security which is, or is capable of being, quoted, listed or traded
on any stock exchange or in any securities market (including, without limitation, any over-the-
counter market).
“Guarantee” means, in relation to any Indebtedness, any obligation to pay such Indebtedness
including (without limitation):
(i)
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness;
(ii)
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to
purchase assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such
Indebtedness;

--- Page 40 ---
40
(iii)
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such
Indebtedness; and
(iv)
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness.
16.
Events of Default
16.1. If an Event of Default (as defined below) occurs, any Noteholder may by written notice to the
Issuer declare any Note held by it and the interest accrued on such Note to be prematurely
due and payable at the earliest on the 10th (tenth) Business Day from the date such notice was
received by the Issuer, provided that an Event of Default is continuing on the date of receipt
of the notice by the Issuer and on the early repayment date (the “Early Repayment Date”).
Interest on such Note accrues until the Early Repayment Date (excluding the Early Repayment
Date).
16.2. The Issuer shall notify the Noteholders about the occurrence of an Event of Default (and the
steps, if any, taken to remedy it) in accordance with Clause 20 (Notices) promptly upon
becoming aware of its occurrence.
16.3. Each of the following events shall constitute an event of default (an “Event of Default”):
(i)
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes on
the due date for payment thereof or fails to pay any amount of interest in respect of the
Notes on the due date for payment thereof and the default continues for a period of 5
(five) days in the case of principal and for a period of 14 (fourteen) days in the case of
interest;
(ii)
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any
of its other obligations in respect of the Notes, and such default is not capable of remedy
or remains unremedied for at least 30 (thirty) days after written notice thereof, addressed
to the Issuer by any Noteholder, has been received by the Issuer;
(iii)
Cross-default:
(a)
any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is not paid when
due or (as the case may be) within any originally applicable grace period;
(b)
any such Indebtedness becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity
otherwise than at the option of the Issuer or (as the case may be) the relevant
Material Subsidiary or (provided that no event of default, howsoever described, has
occurred) any person entitled to such Indebtedness;
(c)
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries fails to pay when due any amount
payable by it under any Guarantee of any Indebtedness;
provided that the amount of Indebtedness referred to in sub-paragraph (a) and/or sub-
paragraph (b) above and/or the amount payable under any Guarantee referred to in
sub-paragraph (c) above individually or in the aggregate exceeds EUR 10,000,000 (ten
million euro) (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies);
(iv)
Security enforced: a secured party enforces a security over the whole or any substantial
part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries;
(v)
Cessation of business: the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries cease to carry on its
current business in its entirety or a substantial part thereof, other than:

--- Page 41 ---
41
(a)
pursuant to any sale, disposal, demerger, amalgamation, reorganization or
restructuring or any cessation of business in each case on a solvent basis and within
the Group; or
(b)
for the purposes of, or pursuant to any terms approved by the Noteholders in
accordance with Clause 22 (Decisions of the Noteholders);
(vi)
Liquidation: an effective resolution is passed for the liquidation of the Issuer or any of its
Material Subsidiaries other than, in case of a Material Subsidiary:
(a)
pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganization or restructuring in each case within
the Group; or
(b)
for the purposes of, or pursuant to any terms approved by the Noteholders in
accordance with Clause 22 (Decisions of the Noteholders);
(vii)
Insolvency:
(a)
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is declared insolvent or bankrupt by a
court of competent jurisdictions or admits inability to pay its debts; or
(b)
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries enters into any arrangement with
majority of its creditors by value in relation to restructuring of its debts or any
meeting is convened to consider a proposal for such arrangement; or
(c)
an application to initiate insolvency, restructuring (including proceedings such as
legal protection proceedings and out-of-court legal protection proceedings) or
administration of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries or any other
proceedings for the settlement of the debt of the Issuer or of any of its Material
Subsidiaries is submitted to the court by the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries.
16.4. In case of the Issuer’s liquidation or insolvency the Noteholders shall have a right to receive
payment of the outstanding principal amount of the Notes and the interest accrued on the
Notes according to the relevant laws governing liquidation or insolvency of the Issuer.
17.
Further Issues
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of and notice to the Noteholders, create
and issue further Notes whether such further Notes form a single Series with already issued Notes
or not. For the avoidance of doubt, this Clause 17 shall not limit the Issuer's right to issue any
other notes.
18.
Purchases
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase the Notes in any manner and at
any price in the secondary market. Such Notes may be held, resold or surrendered by the
purchaser through the Issuer for cancellation. Notes held by or for the account of the Issuer or
any of its Subsidiaries for their own account will not carry the right to vote at the Noteholders’
Meetings or within Written Procedures and will not be taken into account in determining how
many Notes are outstanding for the purposes of these General Terms and Conditions.
19.
Time bar
In case any payment under the Notes has not been claimed by the respective Noteholder
entitled to this payment within 10 (ten) years from the original due date thereof, the right to

--- Page 42 ---
42
such payment shall be forfeited by the Noteholder and the Issuer shall be permanently
released from such payment.
20.
Notices
Noteholders shall be advised of matters relating to the Notes by a notice published in English
and Latvian in the Central Storage of Regulated Information, on the website of Nasdaq Riga
and on the Issuer’s website www.altum.lv. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been
received by the Noteholders when published in the manner specified in this Clause 20.
21.
Representation of the Noteholders
The rights of the Noteholders to establish and/or authorize an organization/person to represent
interests of all or a part of the Noteholders are not contemplated, however, such rights are not
restricted. The Noteholders should cover all costs/fees of such representative(s) by themselves.
22.
Decisions of the Noteholders
22.1. General provisions
(i)
The decisions of the Noteholders (including decisions on agreement with the Issuer on
amendments to these General Terms and Conditions or the Final Terms of the Tranches
of the relevant Series or granting of consent or waiver) shall be passed at a meeting of
the Noteholders (the “Noteholders’ Meeting”) or in writing without convening the
Noteholders’ Meeting (the “Written Procedure”) at the choice of the Issuer. However, the
Issuer shall have a right to amend the technical procedures relating to the Notes in
respect of payments or other similar matters without the consent of the Noteholders, if
such amendments are not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders.
(ii)
The Issuer shall have a right to convene the Noteholders’ Meeting or instigate the Written
Procedure at any time and shall do so following a written request from the Noteholders
who, on the day of the request, represent not less than one-tenth of the principal amount
of the Notes outstanding or the principal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series
outstanding (as applicable) (excluding the Issuer and its Subsidiaries).
(iii)
In case convening of the Noteholders’ Meeting or instigation of the Written Procedure is
requested by the Noteholders, the Issuer shall be obliged to convene the Noteholders’
Meeting or instigate the Written Procedure within 1 (one) month after receipt of the
respective Noteholders’ written request.
(iv)
Only those who were registered as the Noteholders by the end of the 6th (sixth) Business
Day prior to the date of the Noteholders’ Meeting or the first date when the Noteholder
must reply to the request pursuant to the Written Procedure or proxies authorised by such
Noteholders, may exercise their voting rights at the Noteholders’ Meeting or in the Written
Procedure.
(v)
Quorum at the Noteholders’ Meeting or in respect of the Written Procedure only exists if
one or more Noteholders holding 50 (fifty) per-cent in aggregate or more of the principal
amount of the Notes outstanding or the principal amount of the Notes of relevant Series
outstanding (as applicable):
(a)
if at the Noteholders’ Meeting, attend the meeting; or
(b)
if in respect of the Written Procedure, reply to the request.

--- Page 43 ---
43
(vi)
If the Issuer and/or its Subsidiaries are the Noteholders, their principal amount of the Notes
will be excluded when a quorum is calculated.
(vii)
If quorum does not exist at the Noteholders’ Meeting or in respect of the Written
Procedure, the Issuer shall convene a second Noteholders’ Meeting (in accordance with
Clause 22.2) or instigate a second Written Procedure (in accordance with Clause 22.3),
as the case may be. The quorum requirement in paragraph (iv) above shall not apply to
such second Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure, except for exclusion of Issuer
and its Subsidiaries from calculation of a quorum.
(viii)
Consent of the Noteholders holding at least 75 (seventy-five) per-cent of the aggregate
principal amount of the outstanding Notes attending the Noteholders’ Meeting or
participating in the Written Procedure (i.e. replying to the request) is required for
agreement with the Issuer to amend Clause 3 (Status and security), Clause 14 (Change
of control), Clause 15 (Negative pledge), Clause 16 (Events of Default), Clause 22
(Decisions of the Noteholders) or Clause 23 (Governing law and dispute resolution).
(ix)
Consent of at least 75 (seventy-five) per-cent of the aggregate principal amount of the
outstanding Notes of the respective Series attending the Noteholders’ Meeting or
participating in the Written Procedure (i.e. replying to the request) is required for the
following decisions:
(a)
agreement with the Issuer to change the date, or the method of determining the
date, for the payment of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the
relevant Series, to reduce or cancel the amount of principal, interest or any other
amount payable on any date in respect of the relevant Series or to change the
method of calculating the amount of interest or any other amount payable on any
date in respect of the relevant Series;
(b)
agreement with the Issuer to change the currency of the relevant Series;
(c)
agreement with the Issuer on any exchange or substitution of the Notes of relevant
Series for, or the conversion of the Notes of relevant Series into, any other
obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other person;
(d)
in connection with any exchange, substitution or conversion of the type referred to
in paragraph (c) agreement with the Issuer to amend any of the provisions of the
relevant Series describing circumstances in which the relevant Series may be
redeemed or declared due and payable prior to their scheduled maturity.
(x)
Consent of simple majority of all Noteholders or the Noteholders of the respective Series
(as applicable) attending the Noteholders’ Meeting or participating in the Written
Procedure (i.e. replying to the request) is required to the decisions not covered in
paragraph (viii) or (ix) above (as applicable).
(xi)
The Issuer shall have a right to increase the aggregate principal amount of the Notes to
be issued under the Programme without the consent of the Noteholders.
(xii)
Information about decisions taken at the Noteholders’ Meeting or by way of the Written
Procedure shall promptly be provided to the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 20
(Notices), provided that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any decision made or voting
result achieved.

--- Page 44 ---
44
(xiii)
Decisions passed at the Noteholders’ Meeting or in the Written Procedure shall be binding
on all Noteholders irrespective of whether they participated at the Noteholders' Meeting
or in the Written Procedure.
(xiv)
All expenses in relation to the convening and holding the Noteholders' Meeting or a
Written Procedure shall be covered by the Issuer.
22.2. Noteholders’ Meetings
(i)
If a decision of the Noteholders is intended to be passed at the Noteholders’ Meeting,
then a respective notice of the Noteholders’ Meeting shall be provided to the
Noteholders in accordance with Clause 20 (Notices) no later than 10 (ten) Business Days
prior to the meeting. Furthermore, the notice shall specify the time, place and agenda
of the meeting, as well as any action required on the part of the Noteholders that will
attend the meeting. No matters other than those referred to in the notice may be
resolved at the Noteholders’ Meeting.
(ii)
The Noteholders’ Meeting shall be held physically in Riga, Latvia. At the choice of the
Issuer the Noteholders’ Meeting can be held also remotely by use of a videoconference
platform. Requirements for the identification of the Noteholders at the Noteholders’
Meeting that is held remotely will be set by the Issuer and communicated upon
convening the Noteholders’ Meeting.
(iii)
The Noteholders’ Meeting shall be organised by the chairman of the Noteholders’
Meeting, who will be the Issuer’s representative appointed by the Issuer.
(iv)
The Noteholders’ Meeting shall be held in English with translation into Latvian, unless the
Noteholders present in the respective Noteholders’ Meeting unanimously decide that the
respective Noteholders’ Meeting shall be held only in Latvian or English.
(v)
Representatives of the Issuer and persons authorised to act for the Issuer may attend and
speak at the Noteholders’ Meeting.
(vi)
Minutes of the Noteholders’ Meeting shall be kept, recording the day and time of the
meeting, attendees, their votes represented, matters discussed, results of voting, and
resolutions which were adopted. The minutes shall be signed by the keeper of the
minutes, which shall be appointed by the Noteholders’ Meeting. The minutes shall be
attested by the chairman of the Noteholders’ Meeting, if the chairman is not the keeper
of the minutes, as well as by one of the persons appointed by the Noteholders’ Meeting
to attest the minutes. The minutes from the relevant Noteholders’ Meeting shall at the
request of a Noteholder be sent to it by the Issuer.
22.3. Written Procedure
(i)
If a decision of the Noteholders is intended to be passed by the Written Procedure then
a respective communication of the Written Procedure shall be provided to the
Noteholders in accordance with Clause 20 (Notices).
(ii)
Communication in paragraph (i) above shall include:
(a)
each request for a decision by the Noteholders;
(b)
a description of the reasons for each request;

--- Page 45 ---
45
(c)
a specification of the Business Day on which a person must be registered as a
Noteholder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights;
(d)
instructions and directions on where to receive a form for replying to the request
(such form to include an option to vote “yes” or “no” for each request), as well as
a form of a power of attorney; and
(e)
the stipulated time period within which the Noteholder must reply to the request
(such time period to last at least 10 (ten) Business Days from the communication
pursuant to paragraph (i) above) and a manner of a reply.
(iii)
When the requisite majority consents pursuant to paragraphs (viii), (ix) or (x) (as
applicable) of Clause 22.1 have been received in a Written Procedure, the relevant
decision shall be deemed to be adopted pursuant to paragraphs (viii), (ix) or (x) (as
applicable) of Clause 22.1 even if the time period for replies in the Written Procedure has
not yet expired.
23.
Governing law and dispute resolution
23.1. The Notes are governed by the laws of the Republic of Latvia.
23.2. Any disputes relating to or arising in relation to the Notes shall be settled solely by the courts of
the Republic of Latvia of competent jurisdiction.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued 
under the Base Prospectus 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO RETAIL INVESTORS IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA  
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area 
(“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client 
as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) ("MiFID II") or; (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making the m 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.  
MiFID II Product Governance / Eligible Counterparties and Professional Clients Only Target Market  
Solely for the purposes of [the] [each] manufacturer['s][s'] product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [specify further target market criteria] [specify negative target market, if applicable]. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “Distributor”) should take 
into consideration the manufacturer['s][s'] target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject 
to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s][s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
Akciju sabiedrība "Attīstības finanšu institūcija Altum" 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 5493007HPQSSX8BJ4315 
Issue of [●] Notes due [●] 
under the Third programme for the Issuance of Notes in the Amount of up to EUR 75,000,000 
[to be consolidated and form a single series with [●]]  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the General Terms and 
Conditions set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 15 September 2021 [and the supplement(s) to it 
dated [●] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation] (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”).  
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus. Full information on 
the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final 
Terms and the Base Prospectus.  
The Base Prospectus has been published on the Issuer’s website www.altum.lv. 
A summary of the individual issue is annexed to these Final Terms.

--- Page 47 ---
47
1.
Issuer:
Akciju sabiedrība "Attīstības finanšu institūcija Altum"
2.
Series Number:
[●]
3.
Tranche Number:
[●]
4.
ISIN:
[[●]]/[Temporary ISIN: [●]. Upon admission of the Notes to the
regulated market the Notes will be consolidated and form a
single series with [●] and will have a common ISIN [●]]
5.
Aggregate 
principal
amount:
[EUR [●] [in addition to [●]]]
6.
Nominal amount of the
Note:
EUR [●]
7.
Issue Date:
[●]
8.
Annual Interest Rate:
[●]
9.
Interest Payment Date:
[●] each year
10.
Maturity Date:
[●]
11.
Minimum 
Investment
Amount:
[●]
12.
Issue Price:
[●]
13.
Yield:
[●]
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue
Price. It is not an indication of future yield
14.
Placement Period:
[●]
15.
Rating:
the Notes to be issued [are not/have been/are expected to
be] rated [by:[●]]
16.
Use of Proceeds:
[General Corporate Purposes]/[Green Bonds].
17.
Information 
about 
the
securities of the Issuer that
are already admitted to
trading:
[●]
These Final Terms have been approved by the Management Board of the Issuer at its meeting on
[date] [month] [year].
Riga, [date] [month] [year]
[●]

--- Page 48 ---
48
USE OF PROCEEDS
The net proceeds from the issue of each Series of Notes will, unless otherwise specified in the
applicable Final Terms, be used by the Issuer as follows:
(i)
where “General Corporate Purposes” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, for its general
corporate purposes; or
(ii)
where “Green Bonds” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will apply an amount
equivalent to the net proceeds from such issue of Notes specifically to finance and/or
refinance the projects and activities that promote transition to low carbon economy and
climate resilience, as set out in the Green Bond Framework available on the Issuer's website
www.altum.lv.

--- Page 49 ---
49
INFORMATION ABOUT ALTUM GROUP
General information
The legal and commercial name of the Issuer is Akciju sabiedrība "Attīstības finanšu institūcija Altum".
ALTUM is a joint stock company (in Latvian – akciju sabiedrība) incorporated pursuant to the laws of
the Republic of Latvia on 27 December 2013. ALTUM is registered with the Commercial Register of
the Republic of Latvia and operates according to the legislation of the Republic of Latvia. ALTUM is
a 100 per-cent state-owned financial institution acting as national financial development institution
and strategic venture focusing on the economic development of Latvia.
The role of ALTUM is to provide state support and implement development programmes. The mission
of ALTUM is to ensure access of enterprises and households to the financing resources in areas
defined by the Cabinet of Ministers of the Republic of Latvia as important and to be supported,
transposing national policy into the national economy and by such way enhancing mobilisation of
private capital and financial resources, as well as taking care of accomplishment of other
governmental assignments defined in the regulatory enactments. The primary purpose for ALTUM’s
business operations is to ensure the coverage of existing market gaps by using various financial
support instruments, thus contributing to the development of national economy.
ALTUM is one of the few state-owned companies operating in accordance with a special law
adopted by the Parliament of the Republic of Latvia – the Development Finance Institution Law (in
Latvian - Attīstības finanšu institūcijas likums).
Basic information
Registration number:
50103744891
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 5493007HPQSSX8BJ4315
Registered address:
Doma laukums 4, Riga, LV-1050, Latvia
Website:
www.altum.lv
Telephone number:
+371 67 774 010
E-mail:
altum@altum.lv
The information on ALTUM’s website www.altum.lv does not form part of the Base Prospectus, other
than the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework, which is available on the ALTUM’s website www.altum.lv
and is incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus and forms a part of the Base Prospectus.
History and development of ALTUM
The current structure of ALTUM was established on 15 April 2015 after successful merger of three
independently operating enterprises providing state support financial instruments. The aim of the
merger was to concentrate the national resources for implementation of state support and
development programmes in a format of financial instruments in one integrated development
financial institution.
The merged enterprises were:

Valsts akciju sabiedrība "Latvijas Attīstības finanšu institūcija Altum", until 1 January 2014 –
Valsts akciju sabiedrība “Latvijas Hipotēku un zemes banka” (the “Mortgage and Land Bank
of Latvia”), specialised in credit activities.

--- Page 50 ---
50
Mortgage and Land Bank of Latvia was established on 19 March 1993 and for the entire time
of its existence it carried out implementation of the development programmes as mandated
by the Cabinet of Ministers of the Republic of Latvia, providing support to certain target
groups of entrepreneurs and population. It also provided services of a commercial bank.
As of 1 January 2014, Mortgage and Land Bank of Latvia was operating as a financial
institution bearing the name of ALTUM, and proceeding with the provision of services to
customers under state support programmes and also performing other tasks assigned by the
Latvian government.

Sabiedrība ar ierobežotu atbildību “Latvijas Garantiju aģentūra” (the “Latvian Guarantee
Agency”), specialised in guarantees and investments in venture capital.
Latvian Guarantee Agency was established in 1998 to provide support to entrepreneurs in
raising funds in case of insufficient loan security. Latvian Guarantee Agency implemented
the following state support programmes: credit guarantees, short-term export credit
guarantees, mezzanine loans, venture capital and microloans, support to start-ups for
creating start-up ecosystem.

Valsts akciju sabiedrība “Lauku attīstības fonds” (the “Rural Development Fund”), specialised
in credit activities for farmers.
Rural Development Fund was established in 1994 and its primary focus of operation was to
ensure provision of state support to rural entrepreneurs in cases of insufficient loan security.
Rural Development Fund implemented the following state support programmes: credit
guarantees, granting credit fund loans to those seeking state support for acquisition of
agricultural land for producing agricultural products via Mortgage and Land Bank of Latvia.
Following the merger, ALTUM became a legal successor of all rights and liabilities of Mortgage and
Land Bank of Latvia, Latvian Guarantee Agency and Rural Development Fund, including contractual
liabilities under the effective agreements with customers and cooperation partners. As of 15 April
2015, ALTUM bears its current legal and commercial name.
There have not been any recent material events that would be relevant for assessing the solvency
of ALTUM.
Investments
There are no principal investments made since the date of the last published financial statements of
ALTUM Group.

--- Page 51 ---
51
INFORMATION ABOUT ALTUM GROUP’S BUSINESS OPERATIONS
Principal Activities
ALTUM provides support to specific target groups by various means of financial instruments. The main
purpose for ALTUM’s business operations is to provide access to the financing in areas identified as
inefficiently supplied with financial resources on the private market. ALTUM operates only in the
market of the Republic of Latvia and does not distort competition.
The operations and areas of ALTUM’s business operations are governed by the Development Finance
Institution Law (in Latvian - Attīstības finanšu institūcijas likums) and in line with the European
Commission’s decision of 9 June 2015 on the creation and activity of the Latvian single development
institution, as well as in accordance with the European Commission’s Temporary Framework for State
aid measures to support the economy in the current COVID-19 outbreak.
It is intended that the prior notification process with the European Commission for the extension of
the decision of the European Commission allowing to operate after 31 December 2022 will be
commenced in September 2021.
A comprehensive ex-ante assessment has to be carried out to assess the existence of a market gap
and develop investment strategy in order to correct the deficiencies discovered. The assessment of
market gap and design of the investment strategy in close cooperation with ALTUM is carried out by
the Ministry of Finance of the Republic of Latvia, the Ministry of Economics of the Republic of Latvia
and the Ministry of Agriculture of the Republic of Latvia, the Ministry of Science and Education of the
Republic of Latvia, the Ministry of Culture of the Republic of Latvia and the Ministry Welfare of the
Republic of Latvia setting the policy in the particular field. Before starting to provide new support
programmes or new products, they must be approved by the Cabinet of Ministers of the Republic of
Latvia.
According to the Development Finance Institution Law (in Latvian - Attīstības finanšu institūcijas
likums), before the approval of a specific programme, ALTUM performs assessment of risks, expected
loss, feasibility and projected financial results related to the product or the programme. In assessment
of expected loss for the programme ALTUM evaluates incorporated credit risk, operational risk and
other risks such as market risks. Afterwards, an assessment is provided to the Cabinet of Ministers of
the Republic of Latvia together with the programme to be approved. For coverage of the
programme’s expected loss on credit risk, a respective portion of public funding available for that
programme is allocated at full or partial extent of total expected credit loss, depending on the
agreed programme’s structure. Thus, large share of loss coverage is incorporated in the funding
programmes.
ALTUM operates in line with the medium-term strategy, which is elaborated in close cooperation with
the relevant sectoral ministries and the Cross-Sectoral Coordination Centre of the Republic of Latvia
and approved by the supervisory board of ALTUM.
The core business lines of ALTUM Group include lending, issuing of guarantees, investments in venture
capital funds, transactions of the Land Fund activities that form ALTUM’s financial instruments
portfolio, as well as management of AIF Altum Capital Fund.
With immediate reaction towards COVID-19 in mid-March 2020 and a sharp downturn of economic
situation ALTUM Group has been actively involved in mitigating the adverse impact of COVID-19 in

--- Page 52 ---
52
the business sector. ALTUM Group takes pillar role for providing COVID-19 support financial
instruments (excl. standstill grants) – loans and guarantees in Latvia. AIF Altum Capital Fund was
quickly set up as a special fund for Mid-caps to get over the COVID-19 crisis.  The credit risk for the
COVID-19 products is covered by public funding injected in Specific Reserves (Portfolio Loss Reserve)
for respective COVID-19 programme.
As of 30 June 2021, ALTUM’s portfolio of the financial instruments issued within the state support
programmes was for the total value of EUR 859 million consisting of 28,951projects, including:

guarantee portfolio of EUR 380 million (the total number of transactions – 21,336);

loan portfolio of EUR 323 million (the total number of transactions – 6,557);

investments into venture capital funds for the total value of EUR 84 million (the total number
of projects financed by venture capital funds – 286);

Land Fund of EUR 72 million (the total number of transactions – 772).
Management of “fund of funds”
In order to introduce new financial instruments, in 2016 ALTUM launched the “fund of funds”. Within
the context of the EU structural funds, the “fund of funds” is an investment strategy whereupon several
financial instruments (i.e., loans, guarantees and equity instruments) are managed under a single
financing agreement between ALTUM and the Central Finance and Contracting Agency of the
Republic of Latvia, which is an intermediate body – cooperation institution of the EU structural funds
in Latvia. The implementation of “fund of funds” provides administrative simplification, efficiency and
flexibility in redistributing financing amongst the financial instruments.
AIF Altum Capital Fund
In spring 2020, another financial instrument - alternative investment fund Altum Capital Fund (in
Latvian – AIF “Altum kapitāla fonds”) - was created with an aim to support well-managed,
perspective Mid-cap companies to overcome the negative effects of COVID-19 outbreak that as a
result of the virus impact are ready to adjust their operations by changing their business model,
adjusting product development, introducing new technology and expanding to new export markets.
AIF Altum Capital Fund was registered with the Register of Enterprises of the Republic of Latvia on 31
July 2020 with its operations expiry date 3 September 2027, including the possibility of extending its
operations for another year, namely, until 3 September 2028. Committed capital of AIF Altum Capital
Fund was fully subscribed in September 2020, reaching EUR 100 million, of which the majority (EUR
51.1 million or 51.1 per-cent) were private investors - investment management companies of the state
funded pension schemes and pension 3rd pillar investment plans. EUR 48.9 million consists of public
funding to be invested by ALTUM Group.
ALTUM is registered by the Financial Capital and Market Commission as the manager of AIF Altum
Capital Fund.
Main Customer Segments and Services
SMEs and Mid-caps
The main target for ALTUM’s business operations is the improvement of access to financing of
investments and working capital by small and medium enterprises (the “SMEs”) and Mid-cap

--- Page 53 ---
53
companies, innovations, expansion and promotion of beginner entrepreneurs and start-ups in order
to facilitate their growth and expansion.
The main challenges for ALTUM’s customers and typical solutions that ALTUM may offer are:

lack of collateral – to provide guaranty or special loan;

lack of sufficient track record – to provide special start-up loan, micro loan or loan for
enterprises in rural areas, as well as risk capital instrument;

lack of capital – to provide risk capital or mezzanine loan;

new economy sectors – to provide special loan.
The main services provided by ALTUM to SMEs are loans, export credit guarantees, loan guarantees
(in form of individual and portfolio guarantees), mezzanine loans, venture capital investments, start-
up loans, micro-loans, as well as COVID-19 outbreak related products – loans and guarantees. For
Mid-caps the core products are loans for sustainable projects, loan guarantees, as well as COVID-19
outbreak related products – loans, guarantees and investment products by Altum Capital Fund.
According to ALTUM’s strategy for the years 2019-2021, ALTUM has expanded its business of loan
guarantees for promotion of entrepreneurship and access to the funding by offering both – new
guarantee products and improving the existing products. Along with COVID-19 outbreak related
products the scope of daily (ordinary) business products has been improved.
Agriculture companies
The main target of ALTUM is to support development of agriculture and rural businesses.
The main challenges for ALTUM’s customers and typical solutions that ALTUM may offer are:

lack of collateral – to provide guaranty or special loan;

lack of sufficient track record – to provide special start-up loan or loan for enterprises in rural
areas;

need to support strengthening of farms’ ability to finance acquisition of land – to provide long
term agricultural land financing programme.
The main services provided by ALTUM are loans and guarantees for financing of the agricultural
activities, working capital and investments needs for business development of rural areas, long term
financing for acquisition of agricultural land, as well as COVID-19 outbreak-related products – loans
and guarantees.
In addition, in accordance with the decree issued by the Cabinet of Ministers of the Republic of
Latvia, ALTUM is the administrator (operator) of the Land Fund of Latvia. ALTUM conducts
economically effective transactions with agricultural land in accordance with the aim of the Land
Fund of Latvia defined in the Law on Land Privatization in Rural Areas (in Latvian – likums “Par zemes
privatizāciju lauku apvidos”) – to ensure protection and access to agricultural land resources at
national level, their rational, effective and sustainable use, as well as preservation of agricultural land
areas. The Land Fund of Latvia operates in two main directions: agricultural land as investment

--- Page 54 ---
54
property leased out to farmers, and sale and lease back of agricultural land as working capital
funding for farmers operating respective land plots.
Energy efficiency, renewables and sustainable transportation related projects
The aim of ALTUM is to support the implementation of energy efficient technologies, promotion of
renewable energy, sustainable transportation and green buildings concept, including renovation of
residential, public and industrial buildings.
ALTUM loans are available for the energy service companies (ESCOs) operating in the corporate
segment, as well as to general corporates for investments ensuring improved energy efficiency,
promotion of renewable energy, passive housing and sustainable transportation. Investments in
green and sustainable projects have not only benefited from the mitigation of the climate change,
but also give immediate financial benefits to the ESCOs themselves by decreasing consumption of
energy resources and maintenance costs. ALTUM provides long-term funding for the ESCOs and the
owners of residential buildings by supporting:

energy efficiency projects - investments in non-fossil technologies and processes, as well as
product manufacturing, investments in non-fossil energy reduction technologies and
infrastructure, including lighting, investments in district heating technologies using renewable
energy and infrastructure, investments in energy recovery systems, renovation measures for
non-residential buildings, resulting in reduction of energy consumption;

sustainable transport solutions / systems based on non-fossil fuels and supporting infrastructure
projects;

renewable energy projects - investments in solar panels and related infrastructure,
investments in wind turbines and related infrastructure, investments in bio-energy
technologies and infrastructure (including equipment and construction);

green buildings - construction of new commercial or residential buildings, which are almost
“zero-energy” buildings or with an energy use per year on a m2 basis of at least 25 per-cent
lower than that required by applicable national regulatory framework, major renovation of
commercial or residential buildings leading to reduced energy use (per year on m2 basis) of
at least 35 per-cent.
ALTUM holds special relevance for companies where energy consumption is a significant position of
operational costs and exceeds EUR 20 thousand annually, for example: supermarkets and sports
centres, warehouses, hotels, office buildings, food producers, woodworking and metalworking
companies or large companies and large energy consumers affected by the Energy Efficiency Law
(in Latvian – Energoefektivitātes likums).  By investing in energy efficiency measures, the companies
can reduce their energy consumption up to 50 per-cent.
To increase the number of target customers for energy efficiency ALTUM provides small grants for
drafting the energy efficiency project documentation, that is supported by the European Local
Energy Assistance – a joint initiative of the European Investment Bank and the European Commission.
The first pipeline of these sustainable projects is dating back to 2017 when ALTUM raised funding in
the capital markets under its Green Bond Framework in the amount of EUR 20 million.

--- Page 55 ---
55
ALTUM provides long-term funding for the companies and the owners of residential buildings, as well
as shares its expertise in energy efficiency. ALTUM also provides guaranties to the companies with
insufficient collateral to obtain financing from the commercial banks.
Households
Support for households (special target groups) by ALTUM contains housing loan guarantees for
families with children, housing loan guarantees to young professionals, financial support (guarantees,
loans, grants and consultations) on the energy efficiency improvement measures of multi-apartment
residential buildings provided to owners of the apartments of multi-apartment buildings. In spring
2021, ALTUM also launched financial support programme (guarantees, grants and consultations) on
the energy efficiency improvement measures in individual (single-family) houses. Since autumn 2020,
non-refundable state subsidy “Balsts” is available for the purchase or construction of housing for
families with three or more children.
Students
In August 2020, ALTUM started the implementation of student and study loan guarantee programme.
The major advantage of the new lending model consists of revoking the requirement for another
guarantor and simplification of some procedures (digitalisation of the services, remote conclusion of
the agreements using e-signature) that would provide for receipt of a loan within the shortest time
possible. The program is implemented in the form of a portfolio guarantee, which ensures low
program implementation and administration costs.
On December 2020, the European Investment Fund approved ALTUM’s application for Skills &
Education Guarantee Pilot. The guarantee will allow to increase the available financing, as well as
to expand the range of products with loans also for studies abroad.
Coordination of activities of the European Fund for Strategic Investments
ALTUM is a national contact point in Latvia for the European Fund for Strategic Investments or so
called “Juncker Plan”, created in cooperation with the European Investment Advisory Hub.
ALTUM provides advisory services to support large investment project (total project costs above EUR
30 million) promoters for applying to the European Investment Bank. ALTUM’s activities include not
only evaluation of the applicants, investment opportunities and feasibility of investments, but also
arrangement of meetings with stakeholders to reach the optimal investment structure for the project
promoters in cooperation with the Investment and Development Agency of Latvia, the Central
Finance and Contracting Agency, associations and chambers of commerce, as well as
representative office of the European Commission.
Main support programmes by products
Direct loans
ALTUM provides the following direct loans:

Loans for growth to SMEs:  provision of loans for investments and working capital with reduced
collateral requirements and an option to receive interest rate subsidies or guarantee for a
loan;

--- Page 56 ---
56

Loans to corporates for energy efficiency improvement, promotion of renewable energy,
sustainable transportation and green buildings: provision of loans both to corporates and
ESCO companies;

Start-up loans: provision of loans to facilitate engagement of Latvian residents in business;

Loans for acquisition of agricultural land: provision of loans with favourable conditions for the
purchase of agricultural land for production of agricultural products;

Loans to enterprises in rural areas: this loan product not exceeding EUR 100 thousand is
intended for investments and working capital, attractive for new agricultural entrepreneurs,
small-scale and bio-farmers, as well as service providers in rural territories. The advantages of the
loan product can be used also by fishery companies irrespective of turnover and location;

Working capital loans to farmers: provision of different size loans for primarily agricultural
production, co-operatives and the fruit and vegetable producer groups;

Microloans: provision of small loans for investment and working capital at favourable
conditions;

Loans for energy efficiency improvement of multi-apartment residential buildings: provision
of financial support for energy efficiency improvement measures of multi-apartment
residential buildings provided to apartment owners of multi-apartment buildings;

Mezzanine loans: provision of loans for entrepreneur’s co-financing in cases when
commercial banks require larger amount than the entrepreneur is able to provide;

Working capital loans to SMEs and Mid-caps (COVID-19 product): liquidity support for
businesses, farmers and those in the fishing industry, whose activities have been affected by
COVID-19;

Support loans to companies in the cultural sector (COVID-19 product): loans to companies,
that organize public art, entertainment and recreation events and whose operations have
been affected by the restrictions due to the spread of COVID-19.
ALTUM offers European Investment Fund (EIF) COSME (Programme for the Competitiveness of
Enterprises and Small and Medium-sized Enterprises) and EaSI (Employment and Social Innovation
Programme) counter guarantees for loans up to EUR 25 thousand issued within the scope of following
loan products – start-up loans, micro loans, funding for working capital for farmers, loans for enterprises
in rural territories. The loans eligible according to the terms and conditions of COSME or EaSI counter
guarantees are issued without additional collaterals, with a personal guarantee only, and at a lower
interest rate compared with unsecured loans.
Guarantees
The credit institutions selected by ALTUM offer a guarantee product developed by ALTUM – portfolio
guarantees. As opposed to individual guarantees, a credit institution may itself apply a portfolio
guarantee instrument to its own financial services, including, to loans of up to EUR 250 000, offering better
terms to the entrepreneurs – lower interest rates and, in particular, faster disbursement of the loan
(probably within a couple of days).

--- Page 57 ---
57
In order to promote availability of funding for feasible projects, ALTUM offers individual guarantees for
SMEs and Mid-caps segment. By a way of ensuring access to the funding for a broader range of clients,
ALTUM constantly improves eligibility requirements and terms and conditions relating to the SMEs loans
for new entrepreneurs.
The most important guarantee programmes provided by ALTUM are as follows:

Loan guarantees: provision of guarantees to entrepreneurs for receipt of bank loans for
business development, if their own collateral is not sufficient to receive funding from a bank;

Loan guarantees to farmers: provision of guarantees to entrepreneurs operating in the field
of agricultural and rural development for receipt of bank loans for business development, if
their collateral is not sufficient to receive funding from a bank;

Housing loan guarantees for the first instalment: provision of housing loan guarantees to
families with children and to young professionals with steady income, having insufficient
savings for the first instalment;

Short-term export credit guarantees: provision of guarantees to exporters to secure
themselves against the insolvency of a foreign customer or long-term non-payment when
selling goods or providing services with a deferred payment. In 2020 and 2021, as a COVID-
19 product, the range of beneficiaries has been significantly expanded and restrictions on
availability of guarantees for Mid-caps to EU and OECD countries have been lifted. However,
that will be shifted back to ordinary product as soon as the special terms for COVID-19
product will expire;

Guarantees for improvement of energy efficiency of multi-apartment residential buildings
and individual (single-family) houses;

COVID-19 guarantees for SME’s and Mid-caps on restructure of investment loans and finance
lease, as well as on restructure or new working capital loans and overdrafts to be issued to
companies whose activities have been affected by COVID-19. Guarantees are available in
both formats – individual and portfolio.
Venture capital
ALTUM investments in venture capital (the “VC”) funds of 2nd, 3rd and 4th generations funded by public
funding are managed by professional external fund managers. Currently, the VC funds of 2nd and 3rd
generation are facing the exit period, while active investment period is carried out by the recent, the
4th generation funds.
The fund managers for Stage 4 (the 4th generation) VC funds - acceleration, seed, venture and
growth funds have been selected via public procurement process similar as with prior generation
funds. In 2018, the selection of managers for Stage 4 VC funds was finalised leading to
commencement of the fund’s investment period in late 2018/2019. The investment period is set 3
years with a possible extension up to 1 year for acceleration pre-seeds funds, and 5 years with a
possible extension up to 2 years for all other funds. A term for the Stage 4 acceleration funds is 8 years
with a possible extension up to 2 years, and 10 years with a possible extension up to 2 years for seed,
venture and growth funds.
ALTUM investments in the VC funds are well leveraged with private capital depending on the maturity
stage of the fund. The credit risk of ALTUM’s investment share is fully covered by public funding. The ticket

--- Page 58 ---
58
size is up to 15 per-cent of respective venture and growth fund’s actual capital raised. The ticket size for
pre-seed funds and seed funds is capped at EUR 50 thousand and EUR 250 thousand, respectively. The
total public funding for ALTUM investments in Stage 4 funds is EUR 75 million with investment stake of 80-
100 per-cent in acceleration funds, 90 per-cent in seed funds, 75 per-cent in venture funds and 60 per-
cent in growth funds.
ALTUM also holds investments in Baltic Innovation Fund, Baltic Innovation Fund 2 and Three Seas
Initiative Investment Fund.
The Baltic Innovation Fund (BIF) is a “fund-of-funds” initiative of EUR 130 million launched by the
European Investment Fund in close co-operation with the Baltic national promotional institutions –
ALTUM, KredEx (Estonia) and Invega (Lithuania) to improve equity investments made into Baltic SMEs
with high growth potential. BIF was launched in 2012 and is fully committed. The total capital
committed by ALTUM is EUR 20 million.
The Baltic Innovation Fund 2 (BIF 2) is a EUR 156 million “fund-of-funds” initiative launched by the
European Investment Fund in co-operation with the Baltic national promotional institutions – ALTUM,
KredEx (Estonia) and Invega (Lithuania). It is building on the success of its predecessor programme
BIF. BIF 2 aims to build a balanced portfolio of growth and later stage venture funds with an
investment focus on the Baltic States. The total capital committed by ALTUM is EUR 26.5 million.
Three Seas Initiative Investment Fund (3SIIF) is a new financial instrument for financing and
developing infrastructure projects in 12 countries, including Latvia, aimed at reducing infrastructure
development gaps between different European regions. 3SIIF is a new financial instrument to support
transport, energy and digitalization infrastructure projects in Central and Eastern Europe. ALTUM
signed the subscription agreement in September 2020. The total capital committed by ALTUM is EUR
20 milllion, thus arriving at the ownership rate 2.19 per-cent of the total currently committed capital
of 3SIIF of EUR 913 million.
AIF Altum Capital Fund
AIF Altum Capital Fund (in Latvian – AIF “Altum kapitāla fonds”) managed by ALTUM can make the
following investments or a combination of the latter for meeting Mid-cap’s financing needs up to
EUR 10 million per company – (i) equity investments, (ii) convertible loans, (iii) mezzanine loans, and
(iv) acquisition of corporate bonds on Nasdaq alternative First North Bond market or Baltic Regulated
market. Although, AIF Altum Capital Fund was formed as an instrument to mitigate the effects of
COVID-19 outbreak, it operates as growth fund rather than rescue fund for well-managed and
perspective Mid-caps in Latvia.
Since the Fund’s investment period expires on 31 December 2021, then very intense investment
opportunities appraisal and investment process is carried out.
Non-financial instruments
In order to make the access to the support instruments more convenient for its clients, apart from the
financial instruments, ALTUM Group issues grants supplementary to respective financial instruments
(guarantee) programmes, namely, supplementary grants issued under:

Energy Efficiency Programme for Multi-apartment Buildings (EEPMB): as of December 2020,
EEPMB was suspended and no new applications were accepted, and currently the
evaluation of the projects, awarding of grants and implementation of projects are carried

--- Page 59 ---
59
out. Over 5 years in total 989 applications were submitted to the EEPMB programme;

European Local Energy Assistance (ELENA): in order to promote and support planning of the
energy efficiency projects, ALTUM Group, acting in co-operation with the European
Investment Bank, provides to companies a supplementary support grant earmarked for
covering the costs related to expertise and drafting of energy efficiency projects;

Energy efficiency for individual (single-family) houses: grant for preparation of technical
documentation supplementary to guarantee for improvement of energy efficiency in
individual (single-family) houses;

Balsts: non-refundable state subsidy for the first instalment to a bank on the purchase or
construction of housing for families with three or more children. The amount of the subsidy
depends on the number of children in the family and the level of energy efficiency of the
building. Available as supplement to housing guarantee for families with children or on
isolated basis.
ALTUM Group services also Social Entrepreneurship grant programme.
New products and activities
ALTUM continues to strengthen its pillar role to the government in implementation of financial
instruments to SMEs in Latvia co-funded by the EU. Active preparation work has already been started
to ensure swift take-off of the new EU Cohesion Policy programming period 2021-2027. Furthermore,
investments funded under EU the Cohesion Policy (Operational programme) will be topped-up by
additional financing from the Recovery and Resilience Facility (the “RRF”) plan for Latvia. The RRF is
aimed to mitigate negative economic and social impacts caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. Total
EU originated public contribution to financial instruments to be implemented through ALTUM is
estimated to be at least EUR 700 million in the period until 2029.  Financial instruments are envisaged
for both, investments under Cohesion policy and the RRF plan. Particularly, significant part of funding
dedicated for new financial instruments will be earmarked for the sustainable and digital transition
projects.
An important change in the 2021-2027 EU Cohesion Policy programming period regulation is the
enlargement of the possible options to combine financial instruments and grants in one deal
structure, provided that the grant part of investment is directly linked and necessary for the financial
instrument and shall not exceed the value of the investments supported by the financial product
(combined support). While designing new generation of financial instruments sectoral ministries are
planning to make use of this extended combination option which allows disbursement/payment of
the combined support directly to final recipients (i.e., combination of financial instruments and
grants/capital rebate or discount) and promoting single point of entry for applicants. In such cases,
the rules applicable to financial instruments shall apply.
According to the market gap assessment for the new programming period 2021-2027 recommended
financial products are loans, combined support, guarantees, venture capital (VC) (including
acceleration funds). Projects will be supported in several areas of particular focus, e.g.,
entrepreneurship and social entrepreneurship, renewable energy sources and energy efficiency,
science, research and innovation, infrastructure, agriculture, rural development, forestry and
fisheries.
On 13 July 2021, the European Union's Economic and Financial Affairs Council approved Latvia's plan
for the absorption of EUR 1.82 billion from the RRF. The measures planned by Latvia as part of its

--- Page 60 ---
60
recovery plan are expected to promote the sustainable and digital transition, including four financial
instruments which will be implemented by ALTUM in amount of EUR 226 million from the RRF between
1 January 2022 and 31 August 2026:

energy efficiency for business;

digital transformation for business;

energy efficiency in multi-apartment buildings and transition to renewable energy
technologies;

construction of low-rent dwellings.
Financial instruments under the EU Cohesion Policy 2021-2027 (total EU funds contribution at least EUR
424 million) will be provided to continue or add-on to the financial instrument programmes created
under the RRF plan for Latvia and will address other investment areas not covered by the RRF.
Financial instrument programmes will be developed in five policy directions and shall be
implemented through a “fund of funds” indicatively from 1 January 2022 (after Operational
programme for Latvia is adopted) until 31 December 2029:

financial instruments to promote productivity for SMEs (a large part of funding for VC funds);

energy efficiency for business;

digital transformation for business;

energy efficiency in multi-apartment buildings & private housing and transition to renewable
energy technologies;

research & development.
In addition, deployment of financial instruments is considered and will be further assessed in support
measures for development of infrastructure, promotion of renewable energy production, transition
to a circular economy and climate neutrality, climate change mitigation and adaptation, including,
interregional, cross-border and transnational activities and cooperation options with ESCOs, as well
as specific measures or facilities to support SMEs in capital markets.
Energy efficiency in multi-apartment buildings and transition to renewable energy technologies (the
RRF contribution to the instrument amounts to EUR 57 million, however, Cohesion policy 2021-2027
contribution to the instrument amounts to EUR 163 million).
Energy consumed in buildings accounts for up to 40 per-cent of the final energy consumption. The
measure is expected to reduce negative impact on the environment and contribute to climate
change mitigation. Another aim is to reduce energy bills for residents and decrease the level of
energy poverty. The support will take the form of a combined financial instrument (loan) with a
capital discount.
Energy efficiency for businesses (the RRF contribution to the instrument amounts to EUR 81 million;
Cohesion policy 2021-2027 contribution to the instrument amounts to EUR 42 million).
Investments in energy efficiency for businesses aim to promote optimal use of energy resources,
reduce negative impacts on the environment and climate, as well as improve productivity,

--- Page 61 ---
61
competitiveness, and export capacities of enterprises concerned. The support will take the form of a
combined financial instrument (a loan with a capital rebate/ capital discount) and will be available
for introduction of renewable energy technologies, related research and development activities,
energy audits, investing in sustainable transport, and for new energy-efficient technologies for
production.
Digital transformation for businesses (the RRF contribution to the instrument amounts to EUR 45 million;
Cohesion policy 2021-2027 contribution to the instrument amounts to EUR 5 million).
Investments shall promote digital transformation and facilitate introduction of so called “Industry 4.0”
solutions (e.g., internet of things, artificial intelligence, machine learning, block chain, big data, cloud
computing/ high performance computing) to the core production processes of the companies. The
support will take the form of a combined financial instrument (a loan with a capital rebate/ capital
discount) and will be available for projects making significant changes to the overall production or
service development process.
Financing fund for the construction of low-rent dwellings (the RRF contribution to the instrument
amounts to EUR 43 million).
Investments shall promote “affordable housing” policy, aiming to provide low-rent housing. The
approved projects shall meet high quality requirements: the building shall be close to “zero-energy”
building and appropriate quality tests (e.g., acoustic, air permeability tests) shall be carried out for
the building before its entry into rental service.
Financial instruments to promote productivity for businesses (Cohesion policy 2021-2027 contribution
amounts to EUR 164 million (including, EUR 75 million for venture capital investments)).
Productivity enhancing investments will ensure promotion of growth, competitiveness, and job
creation in SMEs. Support will be provided via set of several financial instruments adjusted to business
maturity and risk profile - venture capital, seed and growth stage venture capital and mezzanine
investments, acceleration fund multi-tier venture capital funds, productivity loans and start-up loans,
including co-financing of investments in start-ups in cooperation with qualified venture capital
investors, portfolio guarantees and individual guarantees.
Financial instrument for research & development (R&D) for businesses (Cohesion policy 2021-2027
contribution to the instrument amounts to EUR 50 million).
Support to business R&D projects resulting in introduction of advanced technologies and equipment
for companies or development of innovative or high-value added products or services is an
important driver of national innovation capabilities. Under this programme combined financial
instrument support will be provided (i.e., with a capital rebate) for innovative equipment, R&D
activities (technology development, prototyping) and loans for modern technology transfer.
In the second half of 2021 the sectoral ministries in cooperation with ALTUM will develop detailed
terms for the new financial instruments.
Cooperation with partners
To expand the reach of various customer segments, ALTUM intends to increase the involvement of its
cooperation partners (various government institutions, associations, international financial institutions
and business bodies) into the project implementation process, as well as introduction of new financial

--- Page 62 ---
62
instruments, such as portfolio guarantees and acceleration funds, also maintaining direct and
indirect implementation of state support programmes.
ALTUM and its partners promote a long-term and successful cooperation, are open for new initiatives,
encourage fair business principles-based approach in decision making, focus on use of e-services,
encourage provision of feedback, conduct cooperation assessment survey and make
improvements based on the assessment, pursue the good industry practice standards and adhere
to professional standards.
ALTUM is an active member in international organizations, which aim to improve the financing of
various industries of national economy and access to finance, complementing and stimulating the
market, meanwhile retaining its balance in areas as SMEs, long-term financing, exports insurance and
others.
Principal Markets
ALTUM plays an important role to facilitate access to financing for Latvian SMEs and private
individuals. As in any emerging market economy, due to various objective limitations, natural risk
aversion and information asymmetry, the private market participants are inactive within specific
lending, equity and quasi-equity financing, and risk insurance segments. Hence, ALTUM helps to fill
these identified market gaps or sub-optimal market conditions by providing an extensive range of
financing instruments.
In accordance with the Development Financial Institution Law (in Latvian - Attīstības finanšu
institūcijas likums) and in line with the European Commission’s decision ALTUM operates only in the
Latvian market and does not distort competition. Rather, ALTUM’s co-lending, co-investment, and
risk-sharing instruments anticipate co-operation with other market players and encourages their
activity in the respective segments. These co-operations have been and continue to be pivotal in
the advancement of the Latvian start-up ecosystem within lending, leasing and factoring, export
credit financing, technology transfer and venture capital markets.

--- Page 63 ---
63
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE
ALTUM is a parent company of ALTUM Group. The below listed subsidiaries and associates in which
ALTUM has significant influence (investments in venture capital funds) are treated as subsidiaries or
associates only for purposes of financial accounting.
ALTUM Group holds investment in the alternative investment fund Altum Capital Fund (in Latvian - AIF
“Altum kapitāla fonds”), an alternative investment fund, registered in July 2020.
In 2018, active co-operation with Stage 4 venture capital funds was started. In order to establish
existence of control or significant influence, ALTUM assessed thoroughly the concluded co-operation
agreements applying IFRS 10 control criteria and IAS 28 significant influence criteria. Upon assessment
of all the factors, the rights and obligations arising under the agreements demonstrate that those
venture capital funds over which ALTUM exercises a sole right of dismissing a fund’s manager without
any additional reasons is treated as the subsidiaries of ALTUM. While the investments in those venture
capital funds over which ALTUM exercises no such right is treated as associates over which ALTUM
has no control, but significant influence.
The management of ALTUM is aware that on most occasions the circumstances that point to the
power of ALTUM over the investment in particular venture capital fund will cease to exist within two
years after the amount of the minimum capital investment is reached. For this reason, when the term
expired, the management of ALTUM has carried out re-assessment of the presence of the control
indicators, that will be repeated regularly on annual basis
ALTUM Group includes ALTUM and a number of venture capital funds, treated as subsidiaries for
purposes of the financial accounting. The below listed venture capital funds - subsidiaries and
associates - are treated as subsidiaries or associates during the reporting period only for purposes of
the financial accounting.
Investments in venture capital funds (Stage 4 venture capital funds) classified as ALTUM’s subsidiaries:

KS “Overkill Ventures Fund I AIF” (100 per-cent investment in capital);

KS “Buildit Latvia Pre-Seed Fund” (100 per-cent investment in capital);

KS “Commercialization Reactor Pre-seed Fund” (100 per-cent investment in capital);

KS “INEC 1” (75 per-cent investment in capital);

KS “INEC 2” (90 per-cent investment in capital);
Investments in venture capital funds classified as ALTUM’s associates:

KS “BaltCap Latvia Venture Capital Fund” (67 per-cent investment in capital);

KS “AIF Imprimatur Capital Technology Venture Fund” (67 per-cent investment in capital);

KS “AIF Imprimatur Capital Seed Fund” (100 per-cent investment in capital);

KS “ZGI-3” (95 per-cent investment in capital);

KS “FlyCap Investment Fund” (95 per-cent investment in capital);

--- Page 64 ---
64

KS “Expansion Capital Fund” (95 per-cent investment in capital);

“Baltic Innovation Fund” (20 per-cent investment in capital);

KS “Buildit Latvia Seed Fund” (80 per-cent investment in capital), Stage 4 venture capital fund;

KS “Overkill Ventures Fund II AIF” (80 per-cent investment in capital), Stage 4 venture capital
fund;

KS “Commercialization Reactor Seed Fund” (80 per-cent investment in capital), Stage 4
venture capital fund;

KS “ZGI-4” (60 per-cent investment in capital), Stage 4 venture capital fund;

KS “FlyCap Mezzanine Fund II” (60 per-cent investment in capital), Stage 4 venture capital
fund;

KS AIF “Altum Capital Fund” (in Latvian – AIF “Altum kapitāla fonds”) (48.9 per-cent investment
in capital).

--- Page 65 ---
65
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES
In accordance with the Commercial Law (in Latvian – Komerclikums), the Development Finance
Institution Law (in Latvian – Attīstības finanšu institūcijas likums), the Law on the Management of Public
Persons’ Capital Shares and Capital Companies (in Latvian – Publiskas personas kapitāla daļu un
kapitālsabiedrību pārvaldības likums) and the Financial Instruments Market Law (in Latvian – Finanšu
instrument tirgus likums), ALTUM has the following corporate governance structure:

Shareholder’s Meeting;

Supervisory Board;

Audit Committee; and

Management Board.
Shareholder’s Meeting
Since the Ministry of Finance of the Republic of Latvia, the Ministry of Economics of the Republic of
Latvia and the Ministry of Agriculture of the Republic of Latvia are the holders of state capital shares,
decisions of the holders of capital shares shall be taken by the state secretary of the respective
ministry or another official of the ministry determined by an order of the state secretary, who has all
the rights, obligations and responsibilities of the representative of the holder of capital shares
provided for in laws and regulations.
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, shareholders’ representatives are Baiba Bāne, State Secretary
of the Ministry of Finance of the Republic of Latvia, Dace Lucaua, State Secretary of the Ministry of
Agriculture of the Republic of Latvia, and Edmunds Valantis, State Secretary of the Ministry of
Economics of the Republic of Latvia.
The Shareholders’ Meeting has the power of decision if all representatives of shareholders are
participating in the shareholders’ meeting. One share gives one vote.
According to the Law on the Management of Public Persons’ Capital Shares and Capital Companies
(in Latvian - Publiskas personas kapitāla daļu un kapitālsabiedrību pārvaldības likums), the
Shareholders’ Meeting takes decisions on, inter alia, approval of the annual report of ALTUM,
distribution of profits, election and revocation of the members of the Supervisory Board, election and
revocation of auditors, bringing a claim or withdrawing a claim brought against a member of the
Supervisory Board or the Management Board of ALTUM or an auditor, the amount of remuneration
to be paid to auditors and members of the Supervisory Board and the Management Board of ALTUM,
increasing or decreasing of ALTUM’s equity capital, reorganisation of ALTUM, and election and
revocation of a liquidator. The Management Board of ALTUM also needs a prior consent of the
Shareholders’ Meeting for taking a decision on the acquisition or alienation of an undertaking and
termination of specific kinds of business operations and commencement of new kinds of business
operations.
In addition to the tasks provided in the Law on the Management of Public Persons’ Capital Shares
and Capital Companies (in Latvian - Publiskas personas kapitāla daļu un kapitālsabiedrību
pārvaldības likums), at the Shareholders’ Meeting decisions shall be taken on:

the amount of reserve capital and a policy for accumulation of savings;

--- Page 66 ---
66

approval of an operational plan and budget;

appointment and dismissal of head of internal audit service;

determination of remuneration for auditor and head of internal audit service;

approval of the bargain that ALTUM concludes with head of internal audit service;

approval of the operational plan, estimate of expenditure and list of personnel of internal
audit service;

approval of an internal control system;

cover of losses from the funds of reserve capital in cases when losses have incurred to
ALTUM.
In addition to the rights and obligations provided in the Law on the Management of Public Persons’
Capital Shares and Capital Companies (in Latvian - Publiskas personas kapitāla daļu un
kapitālsabiedrību pārvaldības likums) and the Commercial Law (in Latvian – Komerclikums), the
representative of a shareholder has a right to convene meetings of the Supervisory Board of ALTUM
by indicating the necessity and purpose of convening the meeting.
The Shareholders’ Meeting shall be chaired by the representative of a shareholder – the Ministry of
Finance of the Republic of Latvia. Each shareholder has the right to nominate one candidate for a
position of the Supervisory Board of ALTUM.
Supervisory Board
The same requirements that are prescribed in the Credit Institution Law (in Latvian – Kredītiestāžu
likums) for the members of supervisory board of credit institution apply also to the members of the
Supervisory Board of ALTUM. Therefore, all members of the Supervisory Board of ALTUM must:

have competence in the financial management matters;

have necessary education and at least three years of professional experience in an
undertaking, organisation or institution of similar size to ALTUM;

have an impeccable reputation;

have not been deprived of the right of engaging in commercial activities.
According to the law, all members of the Supervisory Board of ALTUM are state officials.
Chairman of the Supervisory Board is a member of the Supervisory Board and is nominated by the
Ministry of Finance of the Republic of Latvia. A term of office for members of the Supervisory Board
of ALTUM is three years.
In addition to the tasks provided in the Law on the Management of Public Person’s Shares and
Capital Companies (in Latvian - Publiskas personas kapitāla daļu un kapitālsabiedrību pārvaldības
likums), the Supervisory Board of ALTUM has the following tasks:

to provide the development, approval of ALTUM’s operational plan and to supervise its
implementation;

--- Page 67 ---
67

to constantly supervise operation of ALTUM’s internal control system;

to evaluate and reconcile or reject the acquisition, confiscation and burdening of
immovable property with rights in rem if transactions with such property include recovery of
debts;

to carry out ALTUM`s financial resources management and risk management activities.
If the Supervisory Board of ALTUM does not have a power of decision, the Shareholders’ Meeting has
a right to examine the matters to be addressed at the meeting of the Supervisory Board of ALTUM.
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the Supervisory Board of ALTUM are:

Līga Kļaviņa, chairman of the Supervisory Board (deputy state secretary on Financial Policy
Issues of the Ministry of Finance of the Republic of Latvia). She has significant experience in
working with international financial institutions. She holds a master’s degree in law. Līga
Kļaviņa has been working in many positions within the Ministry of Finance of the Republic of
Latvia and has represented the interests of the Latvian government and the Ministry of
Finance of the Republic of Latvia in directly and indirectly state-owned enterprises;

Jānis Šnore, member of the Supervisory Board, with 15 years of experience in finance and
budgeting. The current position of Jānis Šnore is Deputy State Secretary of the Ministry of
Agriculture of the Republic of Latvia. Jānis Šnore graduated from the Institute of International
Affairs of the University of Latvia. In addition, he holds a degree in agricultural sciences;

Ilze Baltābola - member of the Supervisory Board with experience in coordinating
improvement of business environment and implementation of business support programmes
in Latvia. Deputy director of the Department of Entrepreneurship Competitiveness of the
Ministry of Economics of the Republic of Latvia. She has a Master’s Degree in European Studies
from the Faculty of Business Management and Economics of the University of Latvia. Ilze
Baltābola has been appointed as member of the Supervisory Board for the time until a new
candidate is selected in line with the procedures of nominating Supervisory Board members
according to the Law on Governance of Capital Shares of a Public Person and Capital
Companies (in Latvian - Publiskas personas kapitāla daļu un kapitālsabiedrību pārvaldības
likums).
The business address of each member of the Supervisory Board of ALTUM is Doma laukums 4, Riga,
LV-1050, Latvia.
Audit Committee
ALTUM has established the Audit Committee in accordance with the requirements set forth by the
Financial Instruments Market Law (in Latvian – Finanšu instrumentu tirgus likums). The Audit Committee
was established on 1 December 2017.  On 27 April 2021, at the Shareholders’ Meetings of ALTUM for
a period of three years the Audit Committee members were re-elected.
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the Audit Committee of ALTUM are:

Gunta Darkevica, the chairperson of the Audit Committee, sworn auditor;

--- Page 68 ---
68

Gints Trupovnieks, member of the Audit Committee, deputy director – head of the division at
the Fiscal Policy Department of the Ministry of Finance;

Ilze Baltābola, member of the Audit Committee, member of the Supervisory Board of ALTUM.
The Audit Committee has, inter alia, the following functions:

to supervise the preparation process of consolidated and separate annual report of ALTUM
Group, and to provide proposals to the Supervisory Board of ALTUM for ensuring the credibility
and objectivity of the consolidated and separate annual report of ALTUM Group;

to supervise the efficiency of operation of the internal control, risk management, and internal
audit system of ALTUM insofar as it applies to ensuring the credibility and objectivity of
consolidated and separate annual report of ALTUM Group, and to provide proposals for
eliminating deficiencies of the relevant system;

to supervise the course of audit of the consolidated and separate annual report of ALTUM
Group;

to verify and supervise whether ALTUM’s auditor prior to commencing and during the course
of audit of the consolidated and separate annual report of ALTUM Group complies with the
requirements of independence and objectivity laid down in the Audit Services Law (in Latvian
- Revīzijas pakalpojumu likums), Article 6 of Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 of the European
Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on specific requirements regarding statutory
audit of public-interest entities and repealing Commission Decision 2005/909/EC (“Regulation
537/2014”) regarding preparation for the statutory audit and assessment of threats to
independence, and the prohibition of the provision of non-audit services specified in Article
5 of Regulation 537/2014;

to inform the Supervisory Board of ALTUM about the conclusions drawn by ALTUM’s auditor
during the audit of the consolidated and separate annual report of ALTUM Group, and to
provide an opinion on how the audit has promoted the credibility and objectivity of the
consolidated and separate annual report of ALTUM Group, as well as to inform the Supervisory
Board of ALTUM on significance of the Audit Committee during this process;

to ensure the selection process of candidates for ALTUM’s auditors in accordance with Article
16 of Regulation No 537/2014; and

to perform other tasks specified for the Audit Committee in Regulation 537/2014.
The business address of each member of the Audit Committee of ALTUM is Doma laukums 4, Riga,
LV-1050, Latvia.
Management Board
The same requirements that are prescribed in the Credit Institution Law (in Latvian – Kredītiestāžu
likums) for the members of Management Board of credit institutions apply also to the members of
Management Board of ALTUM. Therefore, all members of the Management Board of ALTUM must:

have competence in the financial management matters;

--- Page 69 ---
69

have necessary education and at least three years of professional experience in an
undertaking, organisation or institution of similar size to ALTUM;

have an impeccable reputation;

have not been deprived of the right of engaging in commercial activities.
According to the law, all members of the Management Board are state officials.
ALTUM has five members of the Management Board elected by the Supervisory Board. The
Management Board is in charge of daily operations of ALTUM.
Members of the Management Board of ALTUM are elected for three years. Members of the
Management Board jointly represent ALTUM. The chairperson of the Management Board is elected
from the members of the Management Board by the Supervisory Board of ALTUM.
The Management Board of ALTUM needs a prior consent of the Cabinet of Ministers of the Republic
of Latvia for obtaining or terminating participation, as well as for obtaining or terminating decisive
influence in other undertaking.
The Management Board of ALTUM shall need a prior consent of the meeting of shareholders for
taking a decision on the following matters:

acquisition or alienation of an undertaking;

termination of specific kinds of business operations and commencement of new kinds of
business operation.
The Management Board shall need a prior consent from the Supervisory Board of ALTUM on deciding
the following matters:

opening or closing of branches and representative offices;

entering into such transactions, which exceed the sum stipulated in the Articles of Association
or decisions of the Supervisory Board of ALTUM;

issuing of such loans, which are not related to the regular commercial activity of the
company;

issuing of credits to employees of ALTUM;

determining of the general principles of commercial activity of ALTUM.
Additionally, the Management Board needs a prior consent of the Shareholders’ Meeting in order to
obtain or terminate, increase or decrease a participation or decisive influence in other capital
company, for acquisition or confiscation of an enterprise, as well as for making investments in funds,
inter alia, in alternative investment funds. The activities mentioned in the previous sentence shall be
implemented within programmes or the delegated public administration tasks.
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the Management Board of ALTUM are:

Reinis Bērziņš, chairman of the Management Board. He is a professional in business
management and finance with extensive experience in business and institution

--- Page 70 ---
70
management. He has an MBA degree in International Banking and Finance, Business
Management (Swiss Business School) and a degree in law. His main responsibilities include
financial management, as well as human resources.

Jēkabs Krieviņš, member of the Management Board. He is an expert in the financial industry
with more than 20 years of experience in organizing and managing business credit processes.
He has gained his experience working both in the private banking and public finance
institution sectors. He has an executive MBA degree in business and institution management,
certificate of bank’s specialist and bachelor’s degree in economics. Jēkabs Krieviņš is
responsible for the information technology scope, ALTUM’s customer and regional service
centres, and overseeing the Land Fund of Latvia;

Inese Zīle, member of the Management Board. She has 20 years of experience in the financial
sector, including more than 15 years in the management of various departments, as well as
experience of working in the public sector. Inese Zīle has an MBA degree in International
Economics and Business.  Her main areas of responsibilities include corporate governance,
marketing, public relations and development of ALTUM’s state support programs. Inese Zīle is
a member of the Supervisory Board of Finance Latvia Association;

Ieva Jansone – Buka, member of the Management Board. She holds a professional master's
degree in business from the Riga School of Economics, a bachelor's degree in social sciences
in management and political science from the University of Latvia. Ieva Jansone – Buka's work
experience is related to the financial sector, working in leading positions at IPAS Indexo, SIA
IJ Birojs and Nordea Bank Finland Plc. Latvia branch. Ieva Jansone – Buka has worked in senior
management positions in the local companies SIA Clean R and SIA Vides Pakalpojumu
Grupa. Her main area of responsibilities includes the venture capital financial instruments and
stressed assets.

Aleksandrs Bimbirulis, member of the management board. He has more than 20 years of
experience in banking and finance. He has graduated from the Faculty of Law of the
University of Latvia and holds professional master’s degree in law from Turiba University. His
main responsibilities include risk and administrative management, as well as overseeing
matters related to lending.
The business address of each member of the Management Board is Doma laukums 4, Riga, LV-1050,
Latvia.
Conflict of interest
In accordance with the Law on Prevention of Conflict of Interest in the Activities of Public Officials (in
Latvian – likums “Par interešu konflikta novēršanu valsts amatpersonu darbībā”), all members of the
management boards and the supervisory boards of state-owned companies have the status of state
officials. As such, all Management Board and Supervisory Board members of ALTUM are state officials
and subject to detailed requirements of this law. The law permits them to combine their office of
public official only with activities which are indicated by the law as compatible (e.g., offices in a
trade union, association or similar organisation, teaching, scientific and creative work) in order to
prevent personal or material interest in their activity as a state official. In accordance with the law,
all state officials are obliged to submit an annual declaration of interest.

--- Page 71 ---
71
ALTUM is not aware of any conflicts of interest or potential conflicts of interest between duties of the
members of the Management Board and Supervisory Board and their private interests and/or their
other duties.
Employees
Following implementation of several centralization of operations and automation projects at ALTUM,
including development of new IT solutions and optimization of the operations and support functions
for the regional customer service network, the number of employees at ALTUM reduced by 3 per-
cent from 231 employees in 2017 to 224 employees in 30 June 2021, of which 38 employees were
employed in the branch offices and 186 – in the main office. 66 per-cent of all employees were
women, 34 per-cent were men. 9 per-cent of employees were younger than 30, 66.7 per-cent were
between the ages of 31 and 50, 24.3 per-cent employees were over the age of 51. The average age
of the employees was 42 years in 2020. 83 per-cent of all staff had higher education. ALTUM provides
an effective human resource management to retain and attract qualified, professional and
motivated employees for achievement of high operational efficiency of the company and its goals.

--- Page 72 ---
72
SHAREHOLDERS
All shares of ALTUM are owned by the Republic of Latvia. The Ministry of Finance of the Republic of
Latvia holds 40 per-cent, while the Ministry of Economics of the Republic of Latvia and the Ministry of
Agriculture of the Republic of Latvia each holds 30 per-cent of share capital of and voting rights in
ALTUM.

--- Page 73 ---
73
SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
The following table is a summary of ALTUM Group’s consolidated financial performance and key
performance indicators for the two financial years ending 31 December 2019 and 2020 respectively
and the two interim periods ended 30 June 2020 and 30 June 2021 respectively. The information set
out in the table below has been extracted (without any material adjustment) from, and is qualified
by reference to and should be read in conjunction with the audited ALTUM Group's consolidated
annual reports for the years ending 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 respectively and
unaudited consolidated interim reports of ALTUM Group for the six month period ended 30 June 2020
and 30 June 2021 respectively, each of which is attached to this Base Prospectus and forms an
integral part of this Base Prospectus. ALTUM Group's consolidated annual reports and interim reports
are prepared according to International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).
Six month ended 30 June 
Year ended 31 December
Key financial data
2021
2020
2020
2019
Net interest income (EUR ’000) 1)
 8 298
6 319
14 572
11 569
Operating profit (EUR ’000) 2)
5 947
738
5 539
8 131
Profit for the period (EUR ’000)
 5 947
738
5 539
8 131
Cost to income ratio (CIR) 3)
46.24%
52.85%
47.51%
52.58%
Employees 4)
 222
205
211
203
Total assets (EUR ’000)
 896 486
700 967
850 704
560 061
Financial debt (EUR ’000) 5)
336 856
247 721
342 490
217 943
Tangible common equity (TCE) / Total tangible managed
assets (TMA) * 6)
34.73%
34.53%
33.56%
29.40%
Equity and reserves (EUR ’000)
 414 970
332 769
382 594
232 738
Total risk coverage: (EUR ’000) 7)
 232 725
195 453
180 205
87 456
Risk coverage reserve
 127 364
109 441
112 567
99 778
Risk coverage reserve used for provisions
 (29 434)
(29 495)
(28 197)
(27 829)
Portfolio loss reserve (specific reserve capital)
 135 704
115 507
102 264
15 507
Portfolio loss reserve used to compensate provisions in the
distribution of annual profit
 (909)
(6 429)
-
Liquidity ratio for 180 days ** 8)
346%
348%
464%
582%
Net Cash flows from operating activities (EUR ’000)
8 881
(23 389)
21 966
39 813
Net Cash flows from financing activities (EUR ’000)
3 580
119 675
165 800
18 700
Net Cash flow from investing activities (EUR ’000)
12 710
3 865
(4 016)
(11 230)
Financial instruments (gross value)
Outstanding (EUR ’000) (by financial instrument)
Loans (excluding sales and leaseback transactions)
 323 275
264 316
302 481
225 144
Guarantees
 379 602
321 987
359 605
284 232
Venture capital funds
 83 620
68 589
73 165
68 331
Land Fund, of which:
 72 411
52 304
68 258
39 634
           - sales and leaseback transactions
 34 263
18 814
31 500
15 268
           - investment properties
 38 148
33 490
36 758
24 366
Total
 858 908
707 196
803 509
617 341
Number of transactions
 28 951
24 085
26 578
22 437
Volumes issued (EUR ’000) (by financial instrument)
Loans (excluding sales and leaseback transactions)
 59 492
66 606
138 238
64 320
Guarantees
 55 671
68 734
137 425
98 240
Venture capital funds
 13 222
2 939
14 014
9 022
Land Fund, of which:
 3 870
12 501
28 191
16 384
           - sales and leaseback transactions
 2 214
3 528
16 796
7 239
           - investment properties
 1 656
8 973
11 395
9 145
Total
 132 255
150 780
317 868
187 966
Number of transactions
3 270
2 729
6 147
5 559
Total contribution to economy, including the participation of
the final recipients (EUR ’000) 9)
696 305
531 661
Leverage for raised private funding 10)
163%
93%
114%
142%
Volume of support programmes funding per employee (EUR
’000) 11)
 3 869
3 450
3 808
3 041
Long-term rating assigned by Moody’s Investors Service
 Baa1
Baa1
Baa1
Baa1
* TMA includes off-balance sheet item outstanding guarantees.
** Liquidity ratio calculation takes into account the previous experience and management estimate of expected amount
and timing of guarantees claims

--- Page 74 ---
74
1)
“Net income from interest, fees and commission” is equal to the item “Net interest income” in the Statement of
Comprehensive Income. Until 2018, this ratio included the following items of the Statement of Comprehensive Income:
“Net interest income” and “Net income from fees and commissions”. In 2019, following the industry practise “Fee and
commission income from lending activities” was reclassified to “Interest income” from “Net income from fees and
commissions”. Subsequently, the fee and commission income not related to lending activities was reclassified within
“Other income” and as such is not included in this ratio. The item “Net income from fees and commissions” is not
applicable in the Statement of Comprehensive Income anymore. ALTUM uses this indicator as the key financial metric
for profitability, by evaluating ALTUM Group’s net income amount generated by the portfolio of financial instruments
and recognised in the Statement of Comprehensive income. ALTUM management measures and monitors the actual
performance of this indicator on a quarterly basis compared to the approved level in ALTUM Group’s budget.
2)
“Operating profit” is calculated by deducting “Operating expenses” from “Operating income before operating
expenses” included in the Statement of Comprehensive Income. “Operating expenses” is calculated as the sum of
“Staff costs”, “Administrative expense”, “Amortisation of intangible assets and depreciation of property, plant and
equipment” and “Impairment gain / (loss), net” included in the Statement of Comprehensive Income.
3)
“Cost to income ratio” (CIR) is calculated by dividing the amount of “Staff costs”, “Administrative expense”,
“Amortisation of intangible assets and depreciation of property, plant and equipment” by “Operating income before
operating expenses” included in the Statement of Comprehensive Income. ALTUM uses CIR to evaluate the
operational efficiency. This is one of the measures of operational efficiency which ALTUM management assesses on a
quarterly basis in the management reports to evaluate the outputs from different operational activities and efficiency
improving measures.
4)
“Employees” is the average number of employees in the period, excluding members of the Supervisory Board and the
Audit Committee.
5)
“Financial debt” is calculated as the sum of “Due to credit institutions”, “Due to general government entities”,
“Financial liabilities at amortised cost – issued debt securities” and “Support programme funding” included in the
Statement of Financial Position less difference between “Risk Coverage Reserve” (as described in footnote 7) below)
and “Risk Coverage Reserve Used for Provisions” (as described in footnote 7) below).
6)
“Tangible Common Equity” (TCE) is calculated by subtracting the revaluation reserve of available for sale investments
from total equity. The amount of “Total managed assets” (TMA) is calculated by adding the guarantees shown as off-
balance sheet items to the total assets of ALTUM Group taking into account provisions for these guarantees and
subtracting “Deferred expense”, “Accrued income”, “Property, plant and equipment”, “Intangible assets”, “Other
assets” and “Assets held for sale”. Data for the calculation of both indicators (TCE, TMA) are obtained from ALTUM
Group’s Financial statements: Statement of Financial Position and Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity, notes
- Off balance sheet items and contingent liabilities and Provisions. ALTUM uses the ratio “TCE/TMA” to evaluate ALTUM
Group’s capital position adequacy and to measure ALTUM Group’s tangible common equity in terms of ALTUM
Group’s tangible managed assets including the off-balance sheet item Guarantee portfolio. The Risk and Liquidity
Management Committee of ALTUM monitors its level on a quarterly basis.
7)
“Total Risk Coverage” is the net funding available for covering the expected credit losses of the State aid programmes
implemented by ALTUM. “Total Risk Coverage” is calculated as the total of “Risk Coverage Reserve” and “Portfolio Loss
Reserve” (Specific Capital Reserves) less “Risk Coverage Reserve Used for Provisions” and “Portfolio loss reserve used
to compensate provisions upon approval of the annual report”. The expected losses are estimated before
implementation of the respective State aid programme. Part of the public funding received under respective State
aid programme for coverage of expected losses on credit risk is transferred either to “Portfolio Loss Reserve” as ALTUM
Group’s specific capital reserve or accounted separately as provisions for risk coverage under liabilities item “Risk
Coverage Reserve”. “Portfolio Loss Reserve” (specific capital reserve) is disclosed in the Note on Reserves to the
Financial statements of the ALTUM Group. “Risk Coverage Reserve” is disclosed in the Note on Support Programme
Funding to the Financial statements of ALTUM Group as “Credit risk coverage”. “Risk Coverage Reserve Used for
Provisions” is the amount of “Risk Coverage Reserve” allocated to and used for provisioning for impairment loss on loan
portfolio and guarantees which in its turn is disclosed in the Note on Support Programme Funding to the Financial
statements of ALTUM Group. “Portfolio loss reserve used to compensate provisions upon approval of the annual report”
is disclosed in the Note on Reserves to the Financial statements of the ALTUM Group. “Total Risk Coverage” is the key
indicator to be used for assessment of ALTUM’s risk coverage on implemented programmes and long-term financial
stability.
8)
“180-days-liquidity ratio” is calculated by dividing the amount of the balances “Due from other credit institutions and
the Treasury” with a maturity of up to 1 month and “Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
and Investment securities” by the amount of the total liabilities maturing within 6 months and total financial
commitments maturing within 6 months (off-balance sheet items). The data required for the calculation of the “180-
days liquidity ratio” is disclosed in the following ALTUM Group’s Financial statements: Statement of Financial Position
and notes – Maturity profile of assets and liabilities under the section of Risk Management, Off-balance sheet items
and contingent liabilities. ALTUM uses the “180-days-liquidity ratio” to assess and monitor ALTUM Group’s ability to fulfil

--- Page 75 ---
75
ALTUM Group’s contractual and/or contingent liabilities during 6 (six) months with the currently available liquidity
resources. “180-days-liquidity ratio” helps to manage ALTUM Group’s liquidity risk in line with ALTUM Group’s/ALTUM’s
funding management objectives and risk framework.  Risk and Liquidity Management Committee of ALTUM monitors
its level on a quarterly basis.
9)
“Total contribution to the economy, including the participation of the final recipients” is calculated by adding to the
volumes issued by ALTUM the financing provided by the private co-financier and the project promoter. This measure
has been set in the light of ALTUM development financial institution’s role as strategic venture focusing on the
economic development of Latvia.
10)
“Leverage for raised private funding” indicates the amount of additional private funds invested in a project in addition
to ALTUM’s financing. “Leverage for raised private funding” is determined considering the financing invested by a
private co-financier and a project’s implementer, which, on average, makes up to 50 per-cent for loans, up to 70 per-
cent for guarantees and venture capital (except for housing loan guarantees’ programme for the first instalment with
a ratio of 795 per-cent) in addition to ALTUM’s funding.
11)
"Volume of Support programmes funding per employee" is calculated by dividing the gross value of the Financial
Instruments Portfolio by the average number of employees during the period, excluding members of the Supervisory
Board and the Audit Committee.

--- Page 76 ---
76
FINANCIAL AND TREND INFORMATION
Historical Financial Information
ALTUM Group's consolidated annual reports as of and for the financial years ending 31 December
2019 and 31 December 2020 and unaudited consolidated interim reports as of and for the six months
period ended 30 June 2020 and 30 June 2021 respectively, prepared according to IFRS are
appended to this Base Prospectus and forms an integral part of it.
Legal and arbitration proceedings
ALTUM Group is not engaged in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, and is not aware
of any such proceedings pending or threatened against it during the 12 month-period prior to the
date of this Base Prospectus that may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effect on
ALTUM and/or the ALTUM Group’s financial position or profitability.
Significant Changes in Financial Position
There has been no material adverse change in ALTUM’s or ALTUM Group’s financial or trading position
since 31 December 2020.
Trend Information
There has been no other material adverse change in the prospects of ALTUM or ALTUM Group since
the date of the audited consolidated annual financial statements of ALTUM Group for 2020.
There has been no significant change in in the financial performance of ALTUM or ALTUM Group since
the date of the audited consolidated annual financial statements of ALTUM Group for 2020.
As of the date of this Base Prospectus there is no information on any known trends, uncertainties,
demands, commitments or events that are reasonably likely to have a material effect on ALTUM’s or
ALTUM Group’s prospects for 2021.
Future Outlook
The Issuer has not made any profit forecast or profit estimate in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 77 ---
77
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Share Capital
The amount of the share capital of ALTUM is EUR 204,862,333 and it is composed of 204,862,333 shares.
All shares are paid up. All shares are registered shares and they are dematerialised. The nominal
value of a share is EUR 1.
According to the Development Finance Institution Law (in Latvian - Attīstības finanšu institūcijas
likums), all the shares and voting rights in ALTUM are owned by the Republic of Latvia. The Ministry of
Finance of the Republic of Latvia holds 40 per-cent, while the Ministry of Economics of the Republic
of Latvia and the Ministry of Agriculture of the Republic of Latvia each holds 30 per-cent of share
capital of and voting rights in ALTUM. It is prohibited to pledge or to encumber in any other way the
shares of ALTUM.
Articles of Association
The Articles of Association of ALTUM were approved by the decree No. 180 of the Cabinet of Ministers
of the Republic of Latvia of 9 April 2015 “On Approval of Articles of Association of Development
Finance Institution Altum”.
The objectives and purposes of ALTUM are stated in Clause 2 of the Articles of Association of ALTUM.
According to the NACE classification the economic activities of ALTUM are as follows:

other credit granting;

other financial service activities not identified elsewhere, except insurance and pension
funding;

activities of head offices, business and management consulting;

management consultancy activities;

business and other management consultancy activities;

market research and public opinion polling.
Material Contracts
ALTUM Group has not entered into any material contracts outside the ordinary course of business,
which could result in ALTUM Group coming under an obligation or entitlement that is material to
ALTUM’s ability to meet its obligations to the Noteholders in respect of the Notes.
The following material contracts are concluded within the ordinary course of business which provide
the core funding for the support programmes implemented by ALTUM Group where respective assets
and liabilities have been matched by volumes and term structure:

Loan agreement with European Investment Bank. Under the agreement ALTUM has borrowed
EUR 100 million for realizing the loan programme for growth of SMEs. Repayment of the loan
is made in instalments. As of 30 June 2021, the outstanding amount of the loan was EUR 16,5
million. The final repayment date of the loan is 20 August 2024;

Loan agreement with the European Investment Bank for a loan of EUR 80 million to finance

--- Page 78 ---
78
working capital loans to small and medium-sized enterprises affected by the COVID-19 as co-
funding to “COVID-19 programme” funded by public funding. As at 30 June 2021, the
outstanding amount of the loan was EUR 45 million, which should be repaid in instalments with
the final repayment date on 20 November 2025;

Financing agreement with the Ministry of Agriculture of the Republic of Latvia on the
implementation of loan programme for rural SMEs.  Pursuant to the agreement, ALTUM must
comply with the Regulations No. 446 of the Cabinet of Ministers of the Republic of Latvia of
24 July 2018 and realize financing in amount of EUR 7,81 million. The funding will be used to
cover the credit risk expenses and ALTUM management expenses related to the
implementation of the programmes. The agreement expires on 31 December 2036;

Agreement with the Ministry of Agriculture of the Republic of Latvia on the implementation
and monitoring of the guarantee program for agriculture, fisheries, and rural development.
According the Regulation of the Cabinet of Ministers No. 9 of 8 January 2019, ALTUM shall use
the financing of EUR 1,825 million to cover the necessary provisions for expected credit losses
for the guarantee obligations issued under the program. The funding allocated for the
implementation of the program is repayable until the end of the program, but not later than
31 December 2035;

Financing agreement with the Ministry of Economics of the Republic of Latvia on the
implementation of development programmes financed by reflows of public funding
(resources returned from investments attributable to the structural funds and state budget
contribution). The funding is used to cover the credit risk expenses and ALTUM’s management
expenses related to the implementation of the programmes. The agreement expires on 31
December 2048;

Agreement with the Ministry of Welfare of the Republic of Latvia on the implementation of
the social entrepreneurship programme co-financed by the European Social Fund. Pursuant
to the agreement, ALTUM must comply with the Regulations No. 467 of the Cabinet of
Ministers of the Republic of Latvia of 11 August 2015 and realize grant financing for both,
existing and start-up social enterprises in total amount of EUR 9,84 million. The funding is used
to grant the social entrepreneurs and cover ALTUM’s management expenses related to the
implementation of the programme. Agreement expires on  30 June 2023;

Financing agreements with the Central Finance and Contracting Agency of the Republic of
Latvia:
-
On the implementation of the “fund of funds” and financial instruments. Pursuant to
the agreement, ALTUM must comply with the Regulations No. 118 of the Cabinet of
Ministers of the Republic of Latvia of 1 March 2016 and realize financing in the amount
of EUR 160,96 million. The funding is used to cover the credit risk expenses and ALTUM
management expenses related to the implementation of the programmes.
Agreement expires on 31 December 2023;
-
on the implementation of financial instruments. Pursuant to the agreement, ALTUM
must comply with the Regulations No. 160 of the Cabinet of Ministers of the Republic
of Latvia of 15 March 2016 and realize financing in the amount of EUR 25,01 million.
The funding is used to cover the credit risk expenses and ALTUM management

--- Page 79 ---
79
expenses related to the implementation of the programmes. Agreement expires on
31 December 2023;
-
on the implementation of the project of the EU funds. Pursuant to the agreement,
ALTUM must comply with the Regulations No. 160 of the Cabinet of Ministers of the
Republic of Latvia of 15 March 2016 and realize financing in the amount of EUR 176,28
million. The funding is used to grant the energy efficiency projects for multi-apartment
residential 
buildings 
and 
ALTUM 
management 
expenses 
related 
to 
the
implementation of the programme. Agreement expires on 31 December 2023;

Loan agreements with the Ministry of Finance of the Republic of Latvia:
-
for implementation the loan programme for the purchase of agricultural land to
produce agricultural products. Pursuant to the agreement, ALTUM must comply with
the Regulations No. 295 of the Cabinet of Ministers of the Republic of Latvia of 22 May
2018 and the financing is available in the amount of EUR 100 million. Outstanding
amount as at 30 June 2021 was EUR 63,6 million. The final repayment date is 20 January
2058;
-
for implementation the loan programme for promoting the development of micro,
SMEs and agricultural service co-operative societies. Pursuant to the agreement,
ALTUM must comply with the Regulations No. 1065 of the Cabinet of Ministers of the
Republic of Latvia of 15 September 2009 and the financing is available in the amount
of EUR 55 million. Outstanding amount as at 30 June 2021 was EUR 27,4 million. The final
repayment date is 20 December 2043;
-
for implementation the loan programme of parallel loans for improvement of
competitiveness of business. Pursuant to the agreement, ALTUM must comply with the
Regulations No. 469 of the Cabinet of Ministers of the Republic of Latvia of 15 July 2016
and the financing is available in the amount of EUR 20 million. Outstanding amount as
at 30 June 2021 was EUR 4,6 million. The final repayment date is 20 January 2039;  for
purchase, leas, selling or exchange of agricultural land on behalf of the Land Fund of
Latvia. Pursuant to the agreement, ALTUM must comply with the Regulations No. 748
of the Cabinet of Ministers of the Republic of Latvia of 2 December 2014 and the
financing is available in the amount of EUR 15 million. The loan amount has been used
in 2020 and the outstanding amount as at 30 June 2021 was EUR 9,9 million.  The final
repayment date is 29 December 2028;
-
for implementation the loan programme of small loans for rural areas. Pursuant to the
agreement, ALTUM must comply with the Regulations No. 446 of the Cabinet of
Ministers of the Republic of Latvia of 24 July 2018 and the financing is available in the
amount of EUR 6 million.  Outstanding amount as at 30 June 2021 was EUR 1 million.
The final repayment date is 31 January 2039;
-
for implementation the loan programme for micro loans and start-up loans. Pursuant
to the agreement, ALTUM must comply with the Regulations No. 328 of the Cabinet of
Ministers of the Republic of Latvia of 31 May 2016 and the financing is available in the
amount of EUR 23 million. As of 30 June 2021, ALTUM has not utilized the loan. The final
repayment date is 20 January 2029;

--- Page 80 ---
80
-
for implementation the loan programme of working capital loans for farmers.
Financing is available in the amount of EUR 25,6 million. Pursuant to the agreement,
ALTUM must comply with the Regulations No. 582 of the Cabinet of Ministers of the
Republic of Latvia of 3 December 2019. As of 30 June 2021, ALTUM has not utilized the
loan. The final repayment date is 30 June 2025.

--- Page 81 ---
81
THE ECONOMY OF THE REPUBLIC OF LATVIA
General overview
2020 saw a decline in GDP in all the economies of the European Union except for Ireland. Latvian
economy shrank by 3.6 per-cent, which was one of the slowest declines in Europe. The fiscal policy of
Latvia will remain highly accommodative in 2021, as the government has envisaged a EUR 2.8 billion
fiscal stimulus package, on top of the already spent EUR 1.3 billion in 2020 in order to combat the effects
of the COVID-19 crisis. The measures include, for example, an extension of furlough schemes for workers
and loans and guarantees to businesses affected by the crisis, as well as new measures like wage
subsidies, working capital grants to businesses, and one-time direct payments to support pensioners and
families with children. The growth outlook beyond 2021 is likely to be more favourable, reflecting reduced
uncertainty and less downside risks, a release of pent-up demand and an acceleration in investment
spending. Moreover, the Next Generation EU package is expected to be made available in mid-2021,
which will further boost economic recovery in Latvia. The financial markets’ trust in Latvia’s long-term
outlook was demonstrated in March 2021 with a EUR 1.25 billion ten-year Eurobond issue, which was
oversubscribed more than 2 times and carried a 0 per-cent coupon rate and 0.105 per-cent yield for the
investors – both at record lows for this type of maturity. Furthermore, in June 2021 the Republic of Latvia
issued a more than five times oversubscribed EUR 500 million seven-year Eurobond with 0 per-cent
coupon rate and 0.003 per-cent yield.
Real GDP growth, per-cent
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
Latvia
2.4
3.3
4.0
2.0
-3.6
EU (27) average
2.0
2.8
2.1
1.6
-6.0
Source: Eurostat
Inflation
In the three years prior to 2020 consumer price growth in Latvia continued at a steady rate of close to
but below 3 per-cent, mainly fuelled by price pressures in the services industry. Average gross salaries in
Latvia had been rising at more than 5 per-cent annually for the last seven years, inevitably putting
pressure on prices. Inflation slowed in 2020 mostly due to falling transport prices and utility rates, moreover
some companies reduced prices, struggling to survive in an environment of low demand and COVID-19
related restrictions. The price increases for goods were also limited by developments in the global
commodity markets, especially the oil market, where prices declined significantly. Overall, the price level
in 2020 was nearly unchanged from a year ago. The first half of 2021 saw a recovery in consumer price
growth across the EU, driven by a rebound in commodity prices. Year-on-year consumer price growth in
Latvia turned positive in March 2021 – for the first time since July 2020. Starting from May 2021 Latvia is
witnessing inflation rates close but below 3 per-cent, driven both by certain pent-up demand being
released and rising costs.
Inflation, HICP, average, per-cent
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
Latvia
0.1
2.9
2.6
2.7
0.1
EU (27) average
0.2
1.6
1.8
1.4
0.7
Source: Eurostat

--- Page 82 ---
82
Unemployment
Since the end of the financial crisis in 2010, the unemployment rate in Latvia fell every year, reaching 6.3
per-cent in 2019. The trend was reversed in 2020, when due to COVID-19 restrictions, businesses,
especially in the services sector, had to lay-off non-essential workers. The rise in unemployment rate was
limited by the government’s financial support for downtime. This helped to keep the unemployment rate
in single digits in 2020. After an increase in the first two months of 2021, the registered unemployment
rate levelled off in March 2021 and started declining in the following months. The average gross salary
grew by 6.2 per-cent in 2020, indicating that the workers who managed to keep their job during the
COVID-19 crisis, were better off than the year before. With increasing COVID-19 vaccination and
restrictions being eased, the labour market is experiencing a rebound as companies resume hiring.
Unemployment rate, per-cent
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
Latvia
9.6
8.7
7.4
6.3
8.1
EU (27) average
9.1
8.1
7.2
6.7
7.1
Source: Eurostat
Public Finance
The central government budget for 2021 accounts for 9.6 billion EUR in revenue and 10.8 billion EUR in
expenditure, with certain reforms in the tax regime. The government has planned a 3.9 per-cent general
budget deficit for 2021, reflecting a downturn in economic activity and a simultaneous fiscal stimulus.
The budget is based on a real GDP growth forecast of 5.1 per-cent, which seems too optimistic, given
that a more visible recovery from COVID-19 crisis is postponed to the second half of 2021, and the
vaccination pace has been rather slow, i.e., only 45.3 per-cent of adult population had received at least
one vaccine dose by 9 August 2021 compared to 72.2 per-cent in the EU/EEA (source:
https://vaccinetracker.ecdc.europa.eu).
General government balance,
per-cent of GDP
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
Latvia
0.2
-0.8
-0.8
-0.6
-4.5
EU (27) average
-1.4
-0.8
-0.4
-0.5
-6.9
Source: Eurostat
In 2020, the international credit rating agency S&P Global Ratings upgraded Latvia's credit rating from
"A" to "A+", while maintaining a stable outlook. The "A+" rating with a stable outlook was affirmed on
August 13, 2021. On March 19, 2021 the international credit rating agency Fitch Ratings affirmed Latvia's
credit rating at the 'A-' level with a stable credit rating outlook. Strong credit fundamentals, low public
debt along with monetary support from the EU has allowed Latvia to withstand the current waves of
COVID-19 and should provide Latvia's small and open economy with further room for fiscal policy
manoeuvres in case a prolonged economic downturn due to the pandemic. The ability to raise funding
is particularly important for combating the adverse effects that COVID-19 outbreak is having on the
economy of Latvia. It is expected that public debt will increase considerably in 2021, on top of the
increase in 2020, as additional funds and support schemes are allocated to various parts of the
economy.
General government gross debt, per-cent of GDP
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020
Latvia
40.4
39.0
37.1
37.0
43.5

--- Page 83 ---
83
EU (27) average
84.0
81.5
79.5
77.5
90.7
Source: Eurostat
Foreign Trade
In 2020, the turnover of foreign trade in goods of Latvia at current prices reached EUR 28.3 billion –
2.0 per-cent less than in 2019. The goods exports value constituted EUR 13.2 billion (an increase of 1.8 per-
cent), whereas the imports value – EUR 15.1 billion (a drop of 5.1 per-cent). The goods export growth was
largely driven by increase in exports of machinery and electrical equipment, as well as agricultural
products (mostly grain and rapeseed). In 2020, wood and its products lost its position as the dominant
constituent of overall goods exports to the exports of machinery, mechanical appliances and electrical
equipment, from which more than half of the value is re-export. The other Baltic States, Russia, Germany,
Sweden, and Poland continued to be the main trading partners for Latvia both in export and import of
goods. Exports of services, which account for about 30 per-cent of total exports, fell by 21.2 per-cent in
2020 led by a decline in export of transport services and tourism. In 2020, Latvia recorded current
account surplus of 3 per-cent of GDP as income balance saw a surge in its surplus, due to falling
investment income of foreign residents, and trade balance turned positive, as a sharp drop in
consumption reduced import demand while goods exports performed relatively well. The first half of 2021
manifested a strong recovery both in imports and exports of goods, recording close to 20 per cent
increase.
Current account balance,
per-cent of GDP
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
Latvia
1.6
1.3
-0.3
-0.6
3.0
EU (27) average
1.5
2.0
1.6
1.4
1.4
Source: Eurostat

--- Page 84 ---
84
TAXATION
Tax legislation of the investor’s member state and of the Issuer’s country of incorporation may have an
impact on the income received from the Notes.
The following is a general summary of certain tax consideration in the Republic of Latvia in relation to
the Notes. It is not exhaustive and does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax consequences
relating to the Notes, as well as does not take into account or discuss the tax implications of any country
other than the Republic of Latvia. The information provided in this section shall not be treated as legal
or tax advice; and prospective investors are advised to consult their own tax advisors as to the tax
consequences of the subscription, ownership and disposal of the Notes applicable to their particular
circumstances.
This summary is based on the laws of Latvia as in force on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject
to any change in law that may take effect after such date, provided that such changes could apply
also retroactively.
Latvia has entered into a number of tax conventions on elimination of the double taxation, which may
provide more favourable taxation regime. Therefore, if there is a valid tax convention with the country
of a non-resident prospective investor, it should be also examined. The procedures for application of tax
conventions are provided in the Republic of Latvia Cabinet of Ministers’ Regulations No. 178 “Procedures
for Application of Tax Relief Determined in International Agreements for Prevention of Double Taxation
and Tax Evasion” of 30 April 2001.
Taxation of the Noteholders individuals
Resident Individuals
An individual will be considered as a resident of Latvia for taxation purposes:

if the individual’s declared place of residence is in the Republic of Latvia; or

if the individual stays in the Republic of Latvia 183 days or more within any 12-month period,
starting or ending in the taxation year; or

if the individual is a citizen of the Republic of Latvia employed abroad by the government of the
Republic of Latvia.
In accordance with the Law on Personal Income Tax (in Latvian – Likums “Par iedzīvotāju ienākuma
nodokli”) the interest income from the Notes for resident individuals will be subject to 20 per-cent
withholding tax, deductible by the Issuer before the payment. The income from the alienation of the
Notes will be subject to 20 per-cent tax, but the tax would be payable by the individual him/herself.
Non-resident individuals
In accordance with the Law on Personal Income Tax (in Latvian – Likums “Par iedzīvotāju ienākuma
nodokli”) the interest income from the Notes being circulated publicly as well as income from the
alienation of the publicly circulated Notes will not be subject to tax in Latvia.

--- Page 85 ---
85
Taxation of the Noteholders entities
Resident entities
An entity will be considered as a resident of Latvia for tax purposes if it is or should have been established
and registered in the Republic of Latvia in accordance with the legislative acts of the Republic of Latvia.
This also include permanent establishments of foreign entities in Latvia.
Interest payments on the Notes and proceeds from the disposal of the Notes received by Latvian resident
companies will not be subject to withholding tax in Latvia. Under the Corporate Income Tax Law (in
Latvian – Uzņēmumu ienākuma nodokļa likums) retained earnings are exempt from corporate income
tax and only distributions are taxed. Corporate income tax rate on gross profit distribution is 20 per-cent.
Corporate income tax on net amount of profit distribution is determined by dividing net amount with a
coefficient of 0.8 (i.e., effective tax rate on net distributed profit is 25 per-cent).
Non-resident entities
In accordance with the Corporate Income Tax Law (in Latvian – Uzņēmumu ienākuma nodokļa likums)
the interest income and income from the alienation of the Notes for non-resident entities will not be
taxable in Latvia.
Taxation of low-tax non-residents
In general, payments (including interest payments) to non-residents located, registered or incorporated
in a no-tax or low-tax country or territory as defined in the Regulations of the Cabinet of Ministers No.819
“Regulations on No-Tax or Low-Tax Countries and Territories”, adopted on 17 December 2020; effective
as of 1 January 2021 (“Low-Tax Non-Latvian Residents”) are subject to withholding tax of 20 per-cent if
the payer is a Latvian legal entity or 23 per-cent if the payer is a Latvian individual resident having
obligation to withhold tax. However, pursuant to Article 5(6) of the Corporate Income Tax Law (in Latvian
– Uzņēmumu ienākuma nodokļa likums) payments by Latvian legal entities to Low-Tax Non-Latvian
Residents for securities publicly circulated in the EU or EEA are exempt from withholding tax if made at
the market price. The Ministry of Finance of the Republic of Latvia in a legally non-binding explanation
has confirmed that pursuant to Article 5(6) of the of the Corporate Income Tax Law (in Latvian –
Uzņēmumu ienākuma nodokļa likums) there is no withholding tax also on the interest payments made
by the Issuer to the holders of the notes publicly circulated in the EU or EEA who are Low-Tax Non-Latvian
Residents, provided that the payments are made at the market price.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation  
The shareholder of the Issuer has at the Shareholders’ Meeting held on 8 September 2021 authorised the 
issue of the Notes and authorised the Management Board of the Issuer to approve the characteristics of 
the Notes, the Base Prospectus and any of the documents thereto, as well as any amendments and 
supplements thereof. 
Management Board of the Issuer has at its meeting held on 15 September 2021 approved the Base 
Prospectus and the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Each Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes shall be approved by a separate resolution of 
the Management Board of the Issuer. 
Auditors 
SIA “Deloitte Audits Latvia”, registration number: 40003606960, legal address: Grēdu iela 4A, Riga, LV-
1019, LV–1010, Latvia, has audited the 2020 Financial Statements included in this Base Prospectus and 
issued an unqualified auditors’ reports on the aforementioned financial statements.  
SIA “Deloitte Audits Latvia” is included in the register of audit firms maintained by the Latvian Association 
of Certified Auditors and holds audit company license No. 43. On behalf of SIA “Deloitte Audits Latvia”, 
the auditors’ reports on the 2020 Financial Statements were signed by Inguna Staša, holding auditor’s 
certificate No. 145.  
PricewaterhouseCoopers SIA, registration number: 40003142793, legal address: Krišjāņa Valdemāra iela 
21 - 21, Riga, LV-1010, Latvia, has audited the 2019 Financial Statements included in this Base Prospectus 
and issued an unqualified auditors’ reports on the aforementioned financial statements. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers SIA is included in the register of audit firms maintained by the Latvian 
Association of Certified 
Auditors and holds audit company license 
No. 5. On behalf of 
PricewaterhouseCoopers SIA, the auditors’ reports on the 2019 Financial Statements were signed by 
Terēze Labzova-Ceicāne, holding auditor’s certificate No. 184.  
The Interim Financial Statements have not been subject to any audit or review by independent auditors.  
Listing 
Application will be made to Nasdaq Riga for admitting each Tranche to listing and trading on the official 
bond list (the Baltic Bond List) of Nasdaq Riga according to the requirements of Nasdaq Riga not later 
than within 3 (three) months after the Issue Date of the respective Tranche. Nasdaq Riga is a regulated 
market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
Clearing of the Notes  
The Notes shall be issued in the bearer dematerialised form and registered with Nasdaq CSD SE, 
registration number: 40003242879. The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) in relation to 
the Notes of each Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
The address of Nasdaq CSD SE is Vaļņu iela 1, Riga, LV-1050, Latvia.

--- Page 87 ---
87
Legal Entity Identifier
The Issuer’s legal entity identifier is 5493007HPQSSX8BJ4315.
Documents available
For as long as the Notes are listed on the official bond list (the Baltic Bond List) of Nasdaq Riga, the copies
of the following documents will be available on the Issuer’s website www.altum.lv:
(i)
the Articles of Association of the Issuer;
(ii)
the Financial Statements;
(iii)
the Green Bond Framework;
(iv)
each Final Terms; and
(v)
this Base Prospectus together with any supplement.
Arranger and Dealer transacting with the Issuer
The Arranger and Dealer has engaged in, and may in the future engage in, investment banking and/or
commercial banking or other services provided to ALTUM Group in the ordinary course of business (see
Section Risk Factors – Risk related to the Notes - Certain material interests).
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the issue/offer of the Notes
Save for commissions to be paid to the Arranger and the Dealer, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person
involved in the issue/offer of the Notes has an interest material to the issue/offer.
Expenses Charged to the Investors
No expenses or taxes will be charged to the investors by the Issuer in respect to the issue of the Notes.
However, the investors may be obliged to cover expenses which are related to the opening of securities
accounts with the credit institutions or investment brokerage firms, as well as commissions which are
charged by the credit institutions or investment brokerage firms in relation to the execution of the
investor’s purchase or selling orders of the Notes, the holding of the Notes or any other operations in
relation to the Notes. Neither the Issuer, nor the Arranger or the Dealer shall compensate the Noteholders
for any such expenses.
Credit Ratings
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has a long-term credit rating Baa1 by Moody’s France
SAS. The outlook is stable.
Moody’s France SAS is established in the EEA and is registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as
amended (the ”CRA Regulation”), and is, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, included in the list of
credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”).
Notes to be issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where an issue of Notes is rated, the
applicable rating will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Such rating will not necessarily be the same
as the rating(s) assigned to the Issuer or to Notes already issued (if applicable). Whether or not a credit

--- Page 88 ---
88
rating applied for in relation to a relevant Series of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms.
A rating is not a recommendation to buy or sell or hold Notes and may be subject to suspension,
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. Up-to-date information should
always be sought by direct reference to the relevant rating agency.

--- Page 89 ---
89
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
The following documents have been incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus and form a part
of the Base Prospectus:

the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework, which is available for viewing on the following website:
www.altum.lv

--- Page 90 ---
90
ANNEX I – FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
ALTUM Group's consolidated and ALTUM's annual report, representing audited consolidated and
standalone financial statements for the financial year ending 31 December 2020, prepared in
accordance with IFRS, together with the audit report in connection therewith.
ALTUM Group's consolidated and ALTUM's annual report, representing audited consolidated and
standalone financial statements for the financial year ending 31 December 2019, prepared in
accordance with IFRS, together with the audit report in connection therewith.
ALTUM’s unaudited interim condensed financial report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021,
prepared in accordance with IFRS.
ALTUM’s unaudited interim condensed financial report for the six months period ended 30 June 2020,
prepared in accordance with IFRS.

--- Page 91 ---
JSC DEVELOPMENT FINANCE INSTITUTION ALTUM 
 
 
 
 
Consolidated and Separate Annual Report  
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
 
 
 
(the 7th reporting period)

--- Page 92 ---
1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page  
 
 
Altum Group 
2 
 
Management Report 
3 - 10 
 
Supervisory Council and Management Board 
11 
 
Statement of Management’s Responsibility 
12 
 
 
Financial statements: 
 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
13 
 
Statement of Financial Position 
14  
 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
15 
 
Company’s Statement of Changes in Equity 
15 
 
Statement of Cash Flows 
16 
 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
17 - 101 
 
 
Independent Auditors’ Report 
 
 
 
 
 
 
102 - 106 
 
Other Notes to the Annual Report 
107 – 122 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AS Attīstības finanšu institūcija Altum 
Doma laukums 4, Riga, LV-1050, Latvia 
Phone: 
+ 371 67774010 
Fax: 
+ 371 67820143 
Registration No: 
50103744891 
www.altum.lv

--- Page 93 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum  
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
 
2 
Altum Group 
MISSION 
We help Latvia grow!  
VISION  
To be a partner and financial expert in economic development  
VALUES 
Excellence / Team / Responsibility 
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum - a parent company of Altum Group is a financial institution owned by the state 
of Latvia that implements the aid and development programmes by means of financial instruments and grants, pursues the 
state’s policy in the national economy and provides for execution of other government assignments stipulated and delegated 
by laws and regulations. Closing of market gaps by the help of various support instruments that enhance development of the 
national economy is the fundamental purpose of Altum’s activities. 
 
Long-term objectives until 2021 
Following strategic development directions and long-term objectives are set in the approved JSC Development Finance 
Institution Altum Strategy for the period 2019 – 2021:
▪ Major financial objective in implementation of the state 
aid programmes – positive return on Altum’s capital.  
▪ Major non-financial objective is to support and promote 
availability of finances to the business and development 
of the national economy.  
▪ Priority directions of Altum are: issuing of guarantees and 
their 
servicing, 
venture 
capital 
investments, 
implementation of energy efficiency programmes with 
regard to both – heat insulation of multi-apartment  
▪ buildings and corporate segment, development of the 
Latvian Land Fund as well as initiation of new projects by 
expanding the range of the financial instruments 
offered.  
▪ Main target segments: support to entrepreneurs; energy 
efficiency; support to farmers; support to specific 
categories of persons; management of the Latvian Land 
Fund.

--- Page 94 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
 
3 
 
Management Report 
Activity during the reporting period 
In 2020, the Development Finance Institution Altum group (hereinafter – the Group) and the Group’s parent company, the 
joint-stock company Development Finance Institution Altum (hereinafter – the Company), earned a profit of EUR 5.5 million. 
The financial result achieved is lower than it was forecast before the Covid-19 virus pandemic, but at the same time it 
corresponds to the current situation. Considering the circumstances of the crisis, when assessing the creditworthiness of the 
customers, a grace period has been granted to part of the clients. Following the International Financial Reporting Standards, 
this has resulted in a prudent credit loss allowance policy for both this initiative and credit loss allowances for new volumes 
issued, which reflects in a roughly twofold decrease in profits.  
Key financial and performance indicators of the Group 
Based on data from audited financial statements for the respective years 
 
2020 
2019 
2018  
Key financial data 
  
  
  
Net interest income (EUR ’000) * 
 14 572  
 11 569  
 11 302  
Profit for the period (EUR ’000) 
 5 539  
 8 131  
 4 092  
Cos to income ratio (CIR) ** 
47.51% 
52.58% 
74.84% ** 
Employees 
 211  
 203  
 222  
Total assets (EUR ’000) 
 850 704  
 560 061  
 495 939  
Tangible common equity (TCE) / Total tangible managed assets (TMA) *** 
33.56% 
29.40% 
31.70% 
Equity and reserves (EUR ’000) 
 382 594  
 232 738  
 221 590  
Total risk coverage: (EUR ’000) 
 180 205  
 87 456  
 77 815  
Risk coverage reserve 
 112 567  
 99 778  
 85 276  
Risk coverage reserve used for provisions  
 (28 197) 
 (27 829) 
 (19 268) 
Portfolio loss reserve (specific reserve capital) 
 102 264  
 15 507  
 11 807  
Portfolio loss reserve used to compensate provisions in the distribution of annual profit 
 (6 429) 
 -    
 -    
Liquidity ratio for 180 days **** 
464% 
582% 
227% 
Financial instruments (gross value) 
  
  
  
Outstanding (EUR ’000) (by financial instrument) 
  
  
  
Loans (excluding sales and leaseback transactions) 
 302 481  
 225 144  
 210 208  
Guarantees 
 359 605  
 284 232  
 236 895  
Venture capital funds 
 73 165  
 68 331  
 59 698  
Land Fund, of which: 
 68 258  
 39 634  
 21 717  
           - sales and leaseback transactions 
 31 500  
 15 268  
 6 923  
           - investment properties 
 36 758  
 24 366  
 14 794  
Total 
 803 509  
 617 341  
 528 518  
Number of transactions 
 26 578  
 22 437  
 18 603  
Volumes issued (EUR ’000) (by financial instrument) 
  
  
  
Loans (excluding sales and leaseback transactions) 
 138 238  
 64 320  
 59 608  
Guarantees 
 137 425  
 98 240  
 88 765  
Venture capital funds 
 14 014  
 9 022  
 4 149  
Land Fund, of which: ***** 
 28 191  
 16 384  
 10 823  
           - sales and leaseback transactions 
 16 796  
 7 239  
 6 835  
           - investment properties 
 11 395  
 9 145  
 3 988  
Total 
 317 868  
 187 966  
 163 345  
Number of transactions 
 6 147  
 5 559  
 5 590  
Total contribution to economy, including the participation of the final recipients (EUR ’000) 
696 305 
531 661  
460 045  
Leverage for raised private funding 
114% 
142% 
162% 
Volume of support programmes funding per employee (EUR ’000) 
 3 808  
 3 041  
 2 381  
Long-term rating assigned by Moody’s Investors Service 
 Baa1  
 Baa1   
 Baa1   
 
* Due to reclassification of fees and commission related to lending activities following the industry practise, excludes fees and commission not 
related to lending activities, the comparatives for 2018 have been reclassified with subsequent ratio recalculation. 
** Due to reclassification of staff and administrative costs to be compensated as well as respective income on compensation, the comparatives 
for 2018 have been reclassified with subsequent ratio recalculation. 
*** TMA includes off-balance sheet item outstanding guarantees. 
**** Liquidity ratio calculation takes into account the previous experience and management estimate of expected amount and timing of 
guarantees claims 
***** Taking into account the significance of the volume, the Land Fund portfolio, which consists of sales and leaseback transactions and 
investment properties, is also presented in the outstanding volumes and in volumes issued in the period. Since according to the accounting 
principles and IFRS the sales and leaseback transactions are accounted for under the loans, the volume of loans presented in this table has 
been reduced for the volume of the sales and leaseback transactions as it is recorded under the Land Fund portfolio. 
 
The figures are explained in the section “Key Financial and Performance Indicators” under Other Notes to the Annual Report.

--- Page 95 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
 
4 
 
Management Report (cont’d) 
Operational volumes  
The core business lines of the Group include lending, issuing of guarantees, investments in venture capital funds and 
transactions of the Latvian Land Fund (hereinafter - the Land Fund) activities that form the Group’s portfolio. 
The year 2020 started with a new and unknown challenge for the world and Latvia when the existence of the new coronavirus 
(Covid-19) was confirmed; it spread throughout the world, including Latvia, and significantly affected business and economic 
activities. With immediate reaction towards Covid-19 as global pandemic in mid-March and sharp downturn of economic 
situation the Group has been actively involved in mitigating the negative impact of Covid-19 in the business sector. The Group 
takes pillar role for providing Covid-19 support financial instruments (excl. standstill grants) – loans and guarantees in Latvia. 
New financial instruments for support were developed fast in cooperation with the Ministry of Economics as well as the 
continued the implementation of other support programmes, not-related to mitigating the negative impact of Covid-19, and 
terms and conditions of the existing support instruments improved. 
In spring another financial instrument alternative investment fund “Altum Capital Fund” was created with the aim to support 
well-managed, perspective Mid-cap companies to overcome the effect of Covid-19 that as a result of the virus impact are 
ready to adjust their operations by changing their business model, adjusting product development, introducing new 
technology and expanding to new export markets. The Fund’s committed capital was fully subscribed on September 16, 2020, 
reaching EUR 100 million, of which the majority (EUR 51.1 million or 51.1%) were largest private pension funds’ managers and 
EUR 48.9 million consists of public funding invested by the Group.  
Total capital injection in Specific Reserve capital to ensure Covid-19 financial instruments to SME and Midcaps reached EUR 
145 million during 2020 for respective funding needs and expected credit loss. For more detailed information see Note 37. 
As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s gross financial instruments portfolio was EUR 804 million consisting of 26,578 projects 
(31.12.2019: EUR 617 million and 22,437). 
In 2020, the Group’s financial instruments portfolio increased by EUR 186 million (+30.2 %) in terms of volume and by 4,141 
projects regarding the number of projects (+18.5%) compared to the end of 2019. Its growth in 2020 was significantly higher 
than in 2019, when the portfolio increased by EUR 88.8 million (+16.8%) in term of volumes and by 3,834 projects (+20.6%). 
Although the increase in the Group’s portfolio in 2020 was ensured by the Group’s specialised financial instruments for Covid-
19 effect mitigation leading to the portfolio increase by EUR 103.7 million, it also continued to grow in daily programmes to 
fund the small and medium entities businesses’ development as well as agriculture needs, that are not related to support 
provided to mitigate the negative effects of Covid-19. 
As the support for the businesses to mitigate the negative effects of the Covid-19 pandemic is provided by the Group through 
loan and guarantee instruments, the respective portfolios experience a significant growth as well. 
In 2020, the loan portfolio increased by EUR 77.3 million (+34.4%), which is 5 times more than in 2019, when the loan portfolio 
increased by EUR 14.9 million (+7.1%), while the number of transactions in the loan portfolio increased by 274 (+4.5%), which is 
4 times more than in 2019, when their number increased by 66 projects (+1.1%). It should be noted that the increase in the 
loan portfolio in 2020 was mainly due to the Covid-19 effect mitigation loan programme for liquidity support implemented by 
the Group, the portfolio reaching EUR 65 million. Notwithstanding the consequences brought by Covid-19 to global and 
Latvian economy, in 2020 the Group's loan portfolio continued to grow in programs that are not related to mitigating the 
negative impact of Covid-19: loans for acquisition of agricultural land intended for agricultural production (+EUR 10 million), 
SME growth loans (+EUR 8.3 million), small loans in rural areas (+ EUR 3.6 million), Energy Efficiency Programme of Multi-
apartment Buildings (+EUR 3.3 million) and SME growth loans issued to companies for implementing energy efficiency projects 
(+ EUR 3.2 million). 
In 2020, the guarantee portfolio increased by EUR 75.4 million (+26.5%), which is more than in 2019, when the guarantee 
portfolio grew by EUR 47.3 million (+20%). In turn, the number of projects in the guarantee portfolio increased by 3,650 projects 
(+23.4%), which is almost in level of 2019 when it grew by 3,691 projects (+31%). The largest increase of guarantee portfolio in 
the twelve months of 2020 was ensured by the loan guarantee programmes for the Covid-19 affected businesses (+38.7 million 
EUR), Housing Guarantees for Families with Children (+EUR 16.4 million), loan guarantees for entrepreneurs (+EUR 10.9 million), 
as well as Housing Guarantees for Young Professionals (+EUR 5.9 million). 
In 2020, the operations of the Land Fund increased by EUR 28.6 million (+72.2%) which is more than in 2019 when the Land 
Fund’s operations increased by EUR 17.9 million (+82.5%). The number of projects in the Land Fund in 2020 increased by 190 
projects (+35.7%), while in 2019 this increase was faster, when it increased by 209 projects (+ 64.7%), indicating that transactions 
take place less frequently, but the properties purchased are larger and at a higher price.

--- Page 96 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
 
5 
 
Management Report (cont’d) 
Operational volumes (cont’d) 
As at 31 December 2020, the balance sheet of the Land Fund included 1,013 properties with a total land area of 20,104 ha 
and amounting to EUR 68.3 million, including investment properties with a total area of 10,964 ha and amounting to EUR 36.8 
million (31 December 2019: 7,996 ha; EUR 24.4 million), and leaseback transactions for 9,140 ha amounting to EUR 31.5 million 
(31 December 2019: 5,404 ha; EUR 15.3 million). 
In the reporting period, the venture capital funds increased by EUR 4.8 million (+7.1%) in terms of volume and by 12 projects 
(+11.2%) in terms of the number of transactions. 
As at reporting year end the largest portfolio of the Group is formed in the SMEs and Midcaps segment – 44.4%, while the 
Agriculture segment accounts for – 26.1%, Individuals – 20.4% and Financial intermediaries – 9.1%. The transactions of the Land 
Fund are recorded under the Agriculture segment. 
Given the state aid programmes to support entrepreneurs in mitigating the Covid-19 effect, in 2020 the largest growth was 
demonstrated by the SMEs and Midcaps segment, namely, +EUR 114 million (+46.9%), which is significantly more than in 2019 
when its growth reached EUR 23 million (+10.4%). In 2020, the Agriculture segment increased by EUR 42.6 million (+25.6%), which 
is more than in 2019 when the portfolio in this segment grew by EUR 25.3 million (+17.9%), and likewise the portfolio increase in 
the Individuals segment was by EUR 25.2 million (+18.2%). However, taking into account the Covid-19 related decrease in 
economic activity, the growth rates of the Individuals segment in 2020 were lower than in 2019, when it increased by EUR 32.2 
million (+ 30.1%). In 2020 the segment Financial Intermediaries increased by EUR 4.3 million (+6.2%), which is less than in 2019 
when the portfolio in this segment grew by EUR 8.4 million (+13.9%). 
 
Group 31/12/2020 
Volume of new transactions 
In 2020, the total funding disbursed for the implementation of the state aid programmes amounted to EUR 317.9 million, 
breaking down as follows: 43.5% (EUR 138.2 million) in loan programmes, 43.2% (EUR 137.4 million) for guarantee programmes, 
8.9% (EUR 28.2 million) in the Land Fund transactions and 4.4% (EUR 14 million) in investments in the venture capital funds. In 
total, support was given to 6,147 projects. Compared to last year, the volume of the new transactions was larger by 69.1% 
(+EUR 129.9 million) in 2020.  
In 2020, the largest volume of the new transactions was recorded in the following segments: SMEs and Mid-caps – 61.8%; 
Agriculture – 20.7%; Individuals – 13.1%; and Financial Intermediaries – 4.4%. The volume of new transactions in the SMEs and 
Midcaps significantly increased in 2020, namely, compared to the 2019 the respective volume has increased more than twice 
supported not only by Covid-19 crisis related support instruments, but also by large volume of new transactions in daily loan 
and guarantee programmes. Likewise, it was 1.6 times higher in the segment Agriculture, which was much aided by the high 
activity in the Land Fund transactions. However, taking into account the decreasing and cautious economic activity caused 
by the Covid-19-crisis, in 2020 the new transaction volume dropped in the segment Individuals, where it was by 5.4% lower 
than in 2019.

--- Page 97 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
 
6 
 
Management Report (cont’d) 
Volume of new transactions (cont’d) 
 
 
Group 31/12/2020 
In 2020, the business community demand changed with regard to Covid-19 impact management instruments offered by 
ALTUM. The high interest recorded in the first months of the pandemic was followed by a drop in demand at the end of the 
summer that can be explained by the decrease in the virus spread and the recovering economic activity when lifting the 
state of emergency. With the onset of Covid-19 second wave and the consequent decline in economic activity, a change in 
business sentiment and a possible change in the lending of commercial banks, there is to be expected an increase in demand 
for financial instruments offered by ALTUM for liquidity support. 
During the 2020, the number of new loans issued amounted to EUR 138.2 million or twice more as in 2019 when the new loans 
issued amounted to EUR 64.3 million. Most of the growth was brought about by the implementation of the Covid-19 crisis-
related loan programme, under which EUR 65.7 million were disbursed, as well as the new loans in daily programmes - under 
the SME Growth Loan Programme amounting to EUR 28.1 million and the loans amounting to EUR 16 million for acquisition of 
agricultural land intended for agricultural production. 
In the reporting period there were issued new guarantees for EUR 137.4 million or by 39.9% (+ EUR 39.2 million) more against 
the respective period in 2019. In 2020, the largest amount of new guarantees were issued under the daily Business Support 
Guarantee Programme (EUR 40.6 million); under the COVID-19 effect mitigation support programmes (EUR 40 million) and 
under the Housing Guarantee Programme for Families with Children (EUR 22.6 million).  
Having launched the European Investment Fund (EIF) COSME and EaSI counter guarantees for loans up to EUR 25 thousand 
the Group has already supported 421 projects (COSME – 64 projects, EaSI – 357 projects) of which 205 projects were supported 
in 2020. If the loan is compatible with COSME or EaSI guarantee terms and conditions, the start-up and micro loans, working 
capital loans to farmers or small loans in rural areas are granted without additional collateral, based solely on a personal 
guarantee and at a lower interest rate compared to other types of unsecured loans.  
As at 31 December 2020, as part of the Housing Guarantee Programme for Families with Children a total of 15,888 guarantees 
for EUR 118.1 million of the state aid for housing acquisition was granted, of which guarantees worth EUR 7.1 million were issued 
in the fourth quarter of 2020 which was an 8% increase over the previous quarter. The Programme’s guarantees that help 
saving for the first instalment required to obtain a mortgage loan are used by families throughout Latvia. While a total of 2,617 
guarantees worth EUR 19.6 million were issued to young professionals of which 253 guarantees worth EUR 2 million were issued 
in the fourth quarter of 2020. 
In the reporting period, the managers of the 4th generation venture capital funds made investments of EUR 3.8 million, of 
which EUR 3.3 million was the Company’s share and EUR 0.5 million was the private funding raised at fund level. Venture capital 
funds and acceleration funds continued to invest in existing companies and in 2020 they made investments in 35 new 
companies. At the same time, in the reporting period, the investments made within the framework of the Baltic Innovation 
Fund and Baltic Innovation Fund 2 amounted to EUR 3.3 million and EUR 0.67 million respectively.

--- Page 98 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
 
7 
 
Management Report (cont’d) 
Volume of new transactions (cont’d) 
The Covid-19 crisis still hinders new investments for the managers of the 4th generation venture capital funds thus challenging 
the selection of new projects and attraction of investors, implementing the Accelerator Programme and operations of start-
ups.  
Under the agreement signed on 16 September 2020 on the Group investments in the Three Seas Initiatives Investment Fund 
(3siif.eu), the Group made the first investment of EUR 6.7 million. The Fund is a new financial instrument for financing and 
developing infrastructure projects in 12 countries, incl. Latvia, aimed at reducing infrastructure development gaps between 
different European regions. Three Seas Initiative Investment Fund is a new financial instrument to support transport, energy and 
digitalization infrastructure projects in Central and Eastern Europe. Large scale projects from Latvia as well as projects from 
other countries from the region can already apply for 3SIIF funding, which supplements existing funding opportunities. It can 
help catalyse existing and new infrastructure projects in the fields of transport, energy and digital infrastructure. 
In 2020, the Land Fund concluded land acquisition transactions for EUR 11.4 million, which is by EUR 2.3 million more than in 
2019, and leaseback transactions – for EUR 16.8 million or by EUR 9.6 million more than in 2019. In general, in 2020, the volume 
of new transactions of the Land Fund increased by 72%, compared to those concluded during 2019. 
Non-financial instrument portfolio 
In order to make accessing to the support instruments more convenient for its clients, apart from the financial instruments, the 
Group services some grant programmes as well, namely, the grants issued under the Energy Efficiency Programme for Multi-
apartment Buildings (EEPMB), Social Entrepreneurship Programme and European Local Energy Assistance (ELENA) Programme 
and, since November 2020, the grants under the support program BALSTS for the purchase or construction of housing for 
families with three or more children. 
As at 31 December 2020, the EEPMB programme had awarded a total of 336 grants for EUR 71 million. As of 11 January 2020, 
the programme was suspended and no new applications were accepted. On 30 June 2020, the Cabinet approved 
amendments to the relevant Cabinet regulations allocating additional funding, and the EEPMB programme opened 
submission of new projects from 20 November 2020 closing it on 18 December 2020 after which date no new applications are 
accepted and currently the evaluation of the projects, awarding of grants and implementation of projects are carried out. 
As at 31 December 2020, a total of 989 applications were submitted to the EEPMB programme. 
As at 31 December 2020, a total of 103 grants for EUR 6.6 million were awarded under the Social Entrepreneurship Programme. 
In order to promote and support planning of the energy efficiency projects, the Group, acting in co-operation with the 
European Investment Bank, provides to companies a supplementary support grant earmarked for covering the costs related 
to expertise and drafting of energy efficiency projects. As at 31 December 2020, there were a total of 51 grants awarded for 
EUR 387 thousand. 
In November 2020, within the framework of the new support programme BALSTS, the Group started accepting applications 
for the issuance of non-refundable state subsidies or grants for the purchase or construction of housing for families with three 
or more children. As at 31 December 2020, a total of 61 grants for EUR 506 thousand were awarded. 
 
  
Group 31/12/2020

--- Page 99 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
 
8 
 
Management Report (cont’d) 
New products and increasing operational efficiency 
Since March 2020, as delegated by the government, the Group has engaged actively in mitigating the adverse impact of 
Covid-19 pandemic on SME and Midcaps in Latvia by developing new financial support instruments in co-operation with the 
Ministry of Economics,. 
During 2020, there were developed and implemented 12 new support programmes, and changes in the Cabinet regulations 
referring to the respective programmes were made aimed at ensuring greater accessibility to the Group’s support 
programmes by a wider range of beneficiaries and improving support conditions. 
The first support instruments for mitigating the negative impact of Covid-19 were approved at an extraordinary meeting of 
financial the Cabinet already in March 2020, ensuring the provision of the following business support:  
▪ in the form of individual and portfolio guarantees, which allow banks to defer payment of the principal amount for up to 
two years when obtaining additional collateral in the form of a guarantee; 
▪ working capital loans on privileged terms and conditions;  
▪ possibilities to receive export credit guarantees to EU member states, regardless of the exporter's volumes; 
▪ as well as guarantees are offered to large exporting companies that need financing due to the impact of Covid-19.  
Those financial instruments became effective as of 25 March 2020 being already co-ordinated with the European Commission. 
Despite the tight time schedule for developing and implementing support programmes for mitigating the negative effects of 
Covid-19, in addition the Group executed other support programmes that are important and vital for certain customer groups: 
▪ Portfolio guarantee programme for study loans; 
▪ Portfolio guarantee programme for loans to improve the energy efficiency of private houses; 
▪ Start-up loans to innovative companies; 
▪ Loans to ESCO for acquisition of the future cash flows; 
▪ Grant programme for improving energy efficiency of private houses; 
▪ in addition, launching of a new support program BALSTS was approved, opening a possibility for families with three or more 
children to receive a non-refundable state subsidy or grant for the purchase or construction of housing. Additional support 
for large families, totalling EUR 3.5 million, will be available in the form of grant, enabling 400 large families to buy a new 
home. In cooperation with commercial banks, the implementation of the programme started in November.  
In the spring of 2020, the process of establishing the AIF “Altum capital fund” was launched. The fund is created with the aim 
to support well-managed, perspective Mid-cap companies to overcome the effect of Covid-19 that as a result of the virus 
impact are ready to adjust their operations by changing their business model, adjusting product development, introducing 
new technology and expanding to new export markets. On May 26, the Board of the Financial Capital and Market 
Commission made a decision to register JSC Development Finance Institution Altum as an alternative investment fund AIF 
“Altum Capital Fund” manager. On 23 July, the Fund’s Limited Partnership Agreement was signed. The Fund’s committed 
capital was fully subscribed on September 16, 2020, reaching EUR 100 million, of which the majority (EUR 51.1 million or 51.1%) 
were private investors - investment management companies of the state funded pension scheme and pension 3rd pillar 
investment plans, and EUR 48.9 million consists of public funding invested by JSC Development Finance Institution Altum. Since 
the Fund’s investment period expires on 31 December 2021 then very intense investment opportunities appraisal and 
origination process is carried out. 
It is due highlighting that the centralized evaluation system of electronic loan applications of micro loan customers introduced 
in 2019 enabled to implement this system successfully in all regions in January 2020, regardless of the loan amount, while in 
March 2020 – to ensure qualitative and fast loan application review process for working capital loans related to the mitigation 
of the Covid-19 impact. Thus ensured to reach the double volume of new transactions in 2020 comparing to 2019 (+EUR 73 
million) by keeping almost the same level of human resources.  
In the twelve months of 2020, proceeding with the centralised reviewing of the applications for micro loans (up to EUR 25 
thousand) introduced within the framework of automation and increasing of the Group’s operational efficiency fully 
implemented in the regions in January 2020, 36% of the total number of the granted loans (excl. Covid-19 crisis related loans) 
were reviewed remotely without involving the regional employees in the application reviewing process. During the year, the 
total amount of the issued micro loans, both in centralized remote evaluation and in the regions, increased by 24% or by EUR 
12.8 million and the number of the granted loans increased by 11%. Consequently, by saving the regions’ human resources

--- Page 100 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
 
9 
 
Management Report (cont’d) 
New products and increasing operational efficiency (cont’d) 
involvement in micro loan application process, the average loan amount in the regions increased from EUR 71.4 thousand in 
2019 to EUR 80 thousand in the 12 months of 2020, while in the same period the average loan amount evaluated remotely on 
a centralised basis was EUR 13.7 thousand.  
To ensure wider availability of loans up to EUR 150 thousand for the Covid-19 crisis-related solutions, in June 2020, the EIF 
approved financing for the Group in response to its application to the EIF COSME loan guarantee facility, which provides 
guarantees up to 80% of the loan amount for loans issued by the Group. 
In January 2021, the guarantee digitization project initiated in October 2020 was introduced, thus becoming more modern 
and up-to-date, providing a simplified process for submitting credit guarantee applications, applications and notifications, as 
there are less fill-in fields and automatic data import has been enabled. In turn, the Group increases the efficiency of its 
operations, i.e. constant human resources may service the rapidly growing guarantee portfolio. 
At the same time, acting in a responsible way towards the health of employees and customers and following the 
recommendations of the responsible institutions on actions that would help reduce the risks of virus spread, from 13 March the 
Group continues to provide all services remotely via the customer portal mans.altum.lv, as well as through telephone and 
video consultations, thus ensuring continuous access to the services provided by the Group. 
Long-term Funding  
On 8 April 2020, in order to maintain long-term participation in the capital markets and diversify the funding base, the 
Company issued debt securities with a total amount of EUR 20 million as the second issue of bonds within the framework of 
the EUR 70 million bond issue programme, recording a yield of 1.3% per annum. The debt securities were issued in addition to 
EUR 10 million bonds issued on 7 March 2018 and EUR 15 million bonds issued on 5 June 2019 with the maturity date on 7 March 
2025 and a fixed annual interest rate of 1.3% (ISIN LV0000880037), which are listed on the Nasdaq Riga Bond list. The emission 
attracted much interest of investors in Latvia, Lithuania and Estonia and the bonds were oversubscribed 3.8 times. The bonds 
were allocated to 15 investors in the Baltics: 12 asset managers and insurance companies (93%), and 3 banks (7%). 
Rating  
On 9 October 2020, the International credit rating agency Moody’s Investors Service (Moody’s) published the updated credit 
analysis of the Company.  
On 25 March 2019, Moody’s reconfirmed the Company’s (the parent company of the Group) Baa1 long-term credit rating. 
The baseline credit assessment (BCA) was upgraded from Ba2 to Baa3 and the P-2 short-term rating was approved. The long-
term credit rating was approved with a stable outlook.  
In June 2017 for the first time Moody’s assigned to the Company a long-term credit rating Baa1 which is one of the highest 
credit ratings assigned to a corporate entity in Latvia.  
The assigned rating and being a regular participant in the capital market as well as bond issuance makes it possible for the 
Group to implement more successfully the Group’s long-term strategy for fund raising. 
Risk Management  
In order to have an adequate risk management, the Group has developed the Risk Management System that provides both 
preventive risk management and timely implementation of risk mitigation or prevention measures. While assuming risks, the 
Group retains the long-term capability of implementing the established operational targets and assignments.  
To manage risks, the Group applies various risk management methods and instruments as well as establishes risk limits and 
restrictions. The choice of the risk management methods is based on the materiality of the particular risk and its impact on the 
Group’s operations. 
In view of the Group’s activities in high-risk areas when implementing the state aid programmes, as at the end of the reporting 
period the Group has the risk coverage of EUR 180 million (31 December 2019: EUR 87.5 million) to cover the expected credit 
loss of the State aid programmes. For example, total capital injection in Specific Reserve capital for credit risk coverage of 
Covid-19 products reached EUR 86 million recognised in Portfolio loss reserve as at 31 December 2020. The expected loss is

--- Page 101 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
 
10 
 
Management Report (cont’d) 
Risk Management (cont’d) 
assessed before implementing the respective aid programme and a portion of the public funding received within this 
programme is earmarked for the risk coverage. The latter consists of the sum total of the risk coverage reserve and portfolio 
loss reserve (special reserve capital) less the risk coverage reserve used for provisions. 
Future Outlook  
In in order to prepare for the expected financing under the InvestEU Programme 2021–2027, in 2020 the preparations 
undertaken already in 2019 for Pillar Assessment of the Group were continued. The initial or pilot assessment was carried out 
by the audit firm KPMG selected within the framework of the European Commission’s technical assistance project and was 
aimed at identifying the necessary improvements in the Group's internal control system in accordance with the requirements 
set by the European Commission. The auditors were provided with the Group's self-assessment and the supporting internal 
documents. After the document examination, KPMG conducted remote interviews with responsible employees and random 
audits of various Group processes (transaction processing, personnel management, procurement, etc.). At the end of the 
audit, an auditors’ report and a detailed plan for the implementation of the recommendations were submitted, the latter 
being actively executed at present. The Group is also involved in the preparing for the implementation of the next EU fund 
programming period by participating in the preparation of the market failure assessment as well as providing comments on 
the regulations drawn by the ministries in connection with the new planning period. 
In July, the EU Member States agreed on the multiannual financial framework (MFF) and the extraordinary recovery effort, 
Next Generation EU (NGEU), which means a contribution of more than EUR 10 billion to the growth of Latvian economy. Part 
of this funding will be invested in Latvian economy in the form of financial instruments to help businesses recover from the 
effects of the Covid-19 pandemic, stimulate the economy and private investment, while continuing economic growth. To 
make the support of financial instruments available to entrepreneurs in 2021, the responsible Latvian ministries in cooperation 
with the Group have started the planning process of new financing. 
In the current EU programming period, additional financing of the European Regional Development Fund has been allocated 
for the implementation of the Group's programmes amounting to EUR 60 million, of which EUR 10 million will be allocated to 
the Start-up Programme, EUR 32 million to the SME Growth Programme and EUR 18 million to the Guarantee Programmes. In 
October 2020, the Cabinet regulations referring to the respective programmes were amended concerning the additional 
funding and coordination with the involved institutions is in the process. Part of the funding is earmarked to support tourism 
companies. 
In order to prevent the economic and social damage caused by the Covid-19 pandemic, stimulate European recovery and 
protect and create jobs, on 28 May 2020, the European Commission (EC) proposed the launch of an ambitious European 
Recovery Plan, a significant part of which will be allocated to the Recovery and Resilience Facility, a new budget programme 
managed centrally by the European Commission, which will provide funding to EU Member States in the form of loans and 
reimbursable grants. It is planned that approximately EUR 200 million of the funding available to Latvia will be invested in the 
form of financial instruments by the Group developing programmes to improve energy efficiency of multi-apartment buildings, 
funding for affordable housing, support of digitalisation and automatization of business as well as corporates’ green 
investments projects. 
 
 
 
 
Reinis Bērziņš 
Chairman of the Management Board 
 
31 March 2021

--- Page 102 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
 
11 
 
Supervisory Board and Management Board  
Supervisory Council 
Name, Surname 
Position 
Appointment Date 
Date of expiry of the term of 
the mandate 
Līga Kļaviņa 
Chairperson of the Council 
28.12.2019. 
27.12.2022. 
Jānis Šnore  
Member of the Council 
28.12.2019. 
27.12.2022. 
Kristaps Soms 
Member of the Council 
28.12.2019. 
28.12.2019. - 22.03.2021. 
Ilze Baltābola 
Member of the Council 
22.03.2021. 
21.03.2022. * 
 
* For the time (up to 1 year) until a new candidate is selected in line with the procedures of nominating supervisory board members, according 
to the Law on Governance of Capital Shares of a Public Person and Capital Companies. 
 
There were no changes in the Supervisory Council of the Company in 2020. Kristaps Soms left the position of a Member of the 
Supervisory Council on 22 March 2021. Extraordinary shareholders’ meeting approved Ilze Baltābola to the position of a 
Member of the Supervisory Council on 22 March 2021. 
 
Management Board 
Name, Surname 
Position 
Appointment Date 
Date of expiry of the term of 
the mandate 
Reinis Bērziņš 
Chairman of the Board 
11.06.2018. 
10.06.2021. 
Jēkabs Krieviņš 
Member of the Board 
11.06.2018. 
10.06.2021. 
Inese Zīle 
Member of the Board 
11.06.2018. 
10.06.2021. 
Aleksandrs Bimbirulis 
Member of the Board 
26.06.2020. 
25.06.2023. 
Ieva Jansone-Buka 
Member of the Board 
18.03.2021. 
17.03.2024. 
 
There were no changes in the Management Board of the Company in 2020. The Supervisory Board of the Company has 
appointed Ieva Jansone - Buka as a Member of the Management Board on 18 March 2021.

--- Page 103 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
 
12 
 
Statement of Management’s responsibility  
 
Riga 
31 March 2021  
 
The Supervisory Board and the Management Board (hereinafter – Management) of the joint stock company Development 
Finance Institution Altum (hereinafter - Company) are responsible for preparation of the financial statements of the Company 
as well as for preparation of the consolidated financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries (hereinafter – Group) 
and information disclosed in the Other notes to Annual Report. 
The financial statements and notes thereto set out on pages 13 to 101 are prepared in accordance with the source documents 
and present truly and fairly the financial position of the Company and the Group as at 31 December 2020 and 2019, and the 
results of their operations, changes in the shareholders’ equity and cash flows for the years then ended. 
The aforementioned financial statements are prepared on a going concern basis in conformity with International Financial 
Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. Prudent and reasonable judgements and estimates have been 
made by the Management in the preparation of the financial statements. 
The Management are responsible for maintenance of proper accounting records, safeguarding of the Group’s assets, and 
prevention and detection of fraud and other irregularities in the Group. The Management are also responsible for operating 
the Group and the Company in compliance with the Law of the Republic of Latvia on Development Finance Institution and 
other laws of the Republic of Latvia as well as European Union Regulations applicable to the Company. 
 
 
 
Reinis Bērziņš 
Chairman of the Management Board

--- Page 104 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
 
13 
 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Notes 
Group 
Group 
 Company 
Company 
 
 
01.01.2020.-
31.12.2020. 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2020.-
31.12.2020. 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
Interest income 
4 
 16 442  
 13 344  
 16 442  
 13 344  
Interest expense 
5 
 (1 870) 
 (1 775) 
 (1 870) 
 (1 775) 
Net interest income 
  
 14 572  
 11 569  
 14 572  
 11 569  
  
  
  
  
  
 -    
Income for implementation of state aid programmes 
6 
 6 526  
 6 165  
 6 526  
 6 165  
Expenses to be compensated for implementation of state aid 
programmes 
7 
 (5 950) 
 (5 584) 
 (5 950) 
 (5 584) 
Net income for implementation of state aid programmes 
  
 576  
 581  
 576  
 581  
  
  
  
  
  
 -    
Gains or losses from trading securities and foreign exchange translation 
8 
 (56) 
 90  
 (56) 
 90  
Share of (losses) of investment in associate 
17 
 (2 094) 
 (136) 
 (2 094) 
 (136) 
Remeasurement gain of investment in associate at fair value through 
profit or loss 
17 
 288  
 18  
 288  
 18  
Gains less losses from liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 
31 
 1 908  
 129  
 1 908  
 129  
Other income 
9 
 3 053  
 2 168  
 3 053  
 2 168  
Other expense 
10 
 (1 065) 
 (634) 
 (1 145) 
 (634) 
Operating income before operating expenses 
  
 17 182  
 13 785  
 17 102  
 13 785  
  
  
  
  
  
 -    
Staff costs  
11 
 (5 416) 
 (4 640) 
 (5 416) 
 (4 640) 
Administrative expense 
12 
 (1 831) 
 (1 821) 
 (1 831) 
 (1 821) 
Amortisation of intangible assets and depreciation of property, plant 
and equipment 
23, 24 
 (916) 
 (787) 
 (916) 
 (787) 
Impairment gain / (loss), net 
13 
 (3 480) 
 1 699  
 (3 400) 
 1 699  
(Loss) on the revaluation of assets held for sale 
28 
 -    
 (105) 
 -    
 (105) 
Profit before corporate income tax 
  
 5 539  
 8 131  
 5 539  
 8 131  
  
  
  
  
  
 -    
Corporate income tax 
  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 
  
  
  
  
 -    
Profit for the period 
  
 5 539  
 8 131  
 5 539  
 8 131  
Other comprehensive income: 
  
 (1 425) 
 (959) 
 (1 425) 
 (959) 
Items to be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods 
Net loss from financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
 39  
 (1 425) 
 (274) 
 (1 425) 
 (274) 
Total comprehensive income for the period 
  
 4 114  
 7 172  
 4 114  
 7 172  
Profit is attributable to: 
  
  
  
  
  
Owners of the Company 
  
 5 539  
 8 131  
 -    
 -    
Non-controlling interest 
  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Profit for the period 
  
 5 539  
 8 131  
 -    
 -    
Total comprehensive income is attributable to: 
  
  
  
  
  
Owners of the Company 
  
 4 114  
 7 172  
 -    
 -    
Non-controlling interest 
  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Total comprehensive income for the period 
  
 4 114  
 7 172  
 -    
 -    
 
 The accompanying notes on pages 17 through 101 form an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 
 
Reinis Bērziņš 
Chairman of the Management Board 
 
Kaspars Gibeiko 
Chief Accountant 
 
31 March 2021

--- Page 105 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
 
14 
 
Statement of Financial Position 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
  
Notes 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
  
 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
Assets 
  
  
  
  
  
Due from credit institutions and the State Treasury 
14 
 359 949  
 181 199  
 359 949  
 181 047  
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss  
16 
 5 425  
 4 217  
 -    
 -    
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income - 
investment securities 
15 
 36 958  
 47 941  
 36 958  
 47 941  
Financial assets at amortised cost: 
  
  
  
  
  
Investment securities  
15 
 441  
 478  
 441  
 478  
Loans and receivables 
20 
 313 268  
 220 129  
 313 268  
 220 129  
Grants 
19 
 31 107  
 17 186  
 31 107  
 17 186  
Deferred expense  
26 
 749  
 694  
 749  
 694  
Accrued income 
27 
 772  
 1 649  
 772  
 1 649  
Other investments 
18 
 7 503  
 250  
 7 503  
 250  
Investments in associates 
  
  
  
  
  
Investments accounted for using the equity method 
17 
 32 969  
 38 442  
 32 969  
 38 442  
Investments accounted for using the FVTPL method 
17 
 15 019  
 13 851  
 15 019  
 13 851  
Investments in subsidiaries 
22 
 -    
 -    
 4 879  
 3 812  
Investment property 
21 
 36 758  
 24 366  
 36 758  
 24 366  
Property, plant and equipment 
24 
 4 717  
 4 694  
 4 717  
 4 694  
Intangible assets  
23 
 1 398  
 1 395  
 1 398  
 1 395  
Other assets 
25 
 3 671  
 3 570  
 3 636  
 3 570  
Total assets  
  
 850 704  
 560 061  
 850 123  
 559 504  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Liabilities 
  
  
  
  
  
Due to credit institutions 
29 
 65 855  
 29 542  
 65 855  
 29 542  
Due to general government entities 
30 
 103 520  
 86 272  
 103 520  
 86 272  
Financial liabilities at amortised cost - Issued debt securities 
35 
 65 522  
 45 348  
 65 522  
 45 348  
Deferred income  
  
 4 991  
 3 091  
 4 991  
 3 091  
Accrued expense 
34 
 857  
 478  
 937  
 478  
Provisions  
32 
 32 501  
 31 076  
 32 501  
 31 076  
Support programme funding  
31 
 191 963  
 128 730  
 191 963  
 128 730  
Other liabilities 
33 
 2 901  
 2 786  
 2 901  
 2 773  
Total liabilities 
 
 468 110  
 327 323  
 468 190  
 327 310  
  
 
  
  
  
  
Equity 
 
  
  
  
  
Share capital 
36 
 204 862  
 204 862  
 204 862  
 204 862  
Reserves 
37 
 170 321  
 16 565  
 170 319  
 16 563  
Revaluation reserve of financial assets measured at fair value through 
other comprehensive income  
39 
 1 213  
 2 638  
 1 213  
 2 638  
Retained earnings 
 
 5 539  
 8 131  
 5 539  
 8 131  
Net assets attributable to the Company’s owners 
 
 381 935  
 232 196  
 381 933  
 232 194  
Non-controlling interest 
 
 659  
 542  
 -    
 -    
Total equity 
 
 382 594  
 232 738  
 381 933  
 232 194  
Total equity and liabilities  
  
 850 704  
 560 061  
 850 123  
 559 504  
 
The accompanying notes on pages 17 through 101 form an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 
 
Reinis Bērziņš 
Chairman of the Management Board 
 
Kaspars Gibeiko 
Chief Accountant 
 
31 March 2021

--- Page 106 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
 
15 
 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
The accompanying notes on pages 17 through 101 form an integral part of these financial statements. 
Company’s Statement of Changes in Equity 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
The accompanying notes on pages 17 through 101 form an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
Attributable to owners of the Company 
 
 
  
Share capital 
Reserves 
Revaluation 
reserve of financial 
assets measured at 
fair value through 
other 
comprehensive 
income 
Retained 
earnings 
Non-
controlling 
interest 
Total equity 
As at 1 January 2019 
 204 862  
 7 965  
 3 597  
 4 900  
 266  
 221 590  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Profit for the period  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 8 131  
 -    
 8 131  
Other comprehensive income  
 -    
 -    
 (959) 
 -    
 -    
 (959) 
Total comprehensive income  
 -    
 -    
 (959) 
 8 131  
 -    
 7 172  
Increase of reserve capital (Note 37) 
 -    
 3 700  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 3 700  
Distribution of profit of previous years 
 -    
 808  
 -    
 (808) 
 -    
 -    
Distribution of 2018 profit of the Company (Note 37)  
 -    
 4 092  
 -    
 (4 092) 
 -    
 -    
Non-controlling interest 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 276  
 276  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
As at 31 December 2019 
 204 862  
 16 565  
 2 638  
 8 131  
 542  
 232 738  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Profit for the period  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 5 539  
 -    
 5 539  
Other comprehensive income  
 -    
 -    
 (1 425) 
 -    
 -    
 (1 425) 
Total comprehensive income  
 -    
 -    
 (1 425) 
 5 539  
 -    
 4 114  
Increase of reserve capital (Note 37) 
 -    
 145 626  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 145 626  
Distribution of 2019 profit of the Company (Note 37) 
 -    
 8 131  
 -    
 (8 131) 
 -    
 -    
Non-controlling interest 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 117  
 117  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
As at 31 December 2020 
 204 862  
 170 321  
 1 213  
 5 539  
 659  
 382 594  
  
Share capital 
Reserves 
Revaluation reserve of 
financial assets measured 
at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
Retained 
earnings 
Total equity 
As at 1 January 2019 
 204 862  
 7 610  
 3 597  
 5 254  
 221 323  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Profit for the period  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 8 131  
 8 131  
Other comprehensive income  
 -    
 -    
 (959) 
 -    
 (959) 
Total comprehensive income  
 -    
 -    
 (959) 
 8 131  
 7 172  
Increase of reserve capital (Note 37) 
 -    
 3 700  
 -    
 -    
 3 700  
Distribution of profit of previous years 
 -    
 791  
 -    
 (791) 
 -    
Distribution of 2018 profit (Note 37)  
 -    
 4 462  
 -    
 (4 462) 
 -    
  
  
  
  
  
  
As at 31 December 2019 
 204 862  
 16 563  
 2 638  
 8 131  
 232 194  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Profit for the period  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 5 539  
 5 539  
Other comprehensive income  
 -    
 -    
 (1 425) 
 -    
 (1 425) 
Total comprehensive income  
 -    
 -    
 (1 425) 
 5 539  
 4 114  
Increase of reserve capital (Note 37) 
 -    
 145 626  
 -    
 -    
 145 626  
Distribution of 2019 profit (Note 37) 
 -    
 8 131  
 -    
 (8 131) 
 -    
  
  
  
  
  
  
As at 31 December 2020 
 204 862  
 170 319  
 1 213  
 5 539  
 381 933

--- Page 107 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
 
16 
 
Statement of Cash Flows 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Notes 
Group 
Group 
 Company 
Company 
 
 
01.01.2020.-
31.12.2020. 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019.  
01.01.2020.-
31.12.2020. 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019.  
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of period 
  
 176 199  
 128 916  
 176 047  
 128 536  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Cash flows from operating activities 
  
  
  
  
  
Profit before taxes 
  
 5 539  
 8 131  
 5 539  
 8 131  
Amortisation of intangible assets and depreciation of property, plant 
and equipment 
23,24 
 916  
 786  
 916  
 786  
Interest income 
4 
 (16 441) 
 (9 882) 
 (16 441) 
 (9 882) 
Interest received 
  
 13 002  
 6 205  
 13 002  
 6 205  
Interest expenses 
5 
 1 870  
 1 433  
 1 870  
 1 433  
Interests paid 
  
 (1 328) 
 (1 082) 
 (1 328) 
 (1 082) 
(Decrease) / increase in impairment allowances 
13 
 3 480  
 (1 845) 
 3 400  
 (1 845) 
(Decrease) of cash and cash equivalents from operating activities 
before changes in assets and liabilities 
  
 7 038  
 3 746  
 6 958  
 3 746  
Due from credit institutions decrease 
  
 5 000  
 3 114  
 5 000  
 3 117  
(Increase) of loans 
19 
 (93 569) 
 (20 575) 
 (93 569) 
 (20 857) 
Decrease / (increase) of grants 
20 
 (14 084) 
 5 375  
 (14 084) 
 5 375  
Increase of due to credit institutions and general government entities 
29,30 
 53 561  
 25 698  
 53 561  
 25 696  
Increase in deferred income and accrued expense  
  
 2 280  
 558  
 2 360  
 558  
(Decrease) / increase in deferred expense and accrued income 
26,27 
 822  
 (271) 
 822  
 (271) 
(Increase) / Decrease of other assets  
25 
 (101) 
 11 403  
 (66) 
 11 403  
Increase in other liabilities 
  
 61 019  
 10 765  
 60 995  
 10 537  
Net cash flows to/ from operating activities 
  
 21 966  
 39 813  
 21 977  
 39 304  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Cash flows from investment activities 
  
  
  
  
  
Sale of investment securities 
15 
 12 830  
 4 146  
 12 830  
 4 146  
Acquisition of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets  
23,24 
 (1 037) 
 (802) 
 (1 037) 
 (802) 
Purchase of investment properties 
21 
 (11 696) 
 (9 604) 
 (11 696) 
 (9 604) 
Sale of investment properties 
21 
 42  
 32  
 42  
 32  
Other investments 
18 
 (7 252) 
 (250) 
 (7 252) 
 (250) 
Investments in associates, net  
17 
 4 305  
 (1 695) 
 4 305  
 (1 695) 
Investments of subsidiaries in underlying undertakings 
16 
 (1 208) 
 (3 057) 
 -    
  
Investments in subsidiaries 
22 
 -    
 -    
 (1 067) 
 (2 320) 
Net cash flows to/ from investing activities 
  
 (4 016) 
 (11 230) 
 (3 875) 
 (10 493) 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Cash flows from financing activities 
  
  
  
  
  
Issued debt securities 
35 
 20 174  
 15 000  
 20 174  
 15 000  
Increase of reserve capital 
37 
 145 626  
 3 700  
 145 626  
 3 700  
Net cash flow from financing activities 
  
 165 800  
 18 700  
 165 800  
 18 700  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Increase in cash and cash equivalents 
  
 183 750  
 47 283  
 183 902  
 47 660  
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of period 
  
 359 949  
 176 199  
 359 949  
 176 047  
 
The accompanying notes on pages 17 through 101 form an integral part of these financial statements.

--- Page 108 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
17 
 
Approval of the Financial Statements 
The management of the Company has approved these financial statements on 31 March 2021. The Commercial Law of the 
Republic of Latvia as well as Development Finance Institution Law stipulates that the shareholders’ meeting is entitled to pass 
a decision on approval of the financial statements. 
1 General Information  
(1) Corporate Information  
These financial statements contain the financial information about joint-stock company Development Finance Institution 
Altum (Company) and its subsidiaries (hereinafter together — the Group). The separate financial statements of the Company 
are included alongside these consolidated financial statements to comply with legal requirements. The Company is the parent 
entity of the Group (Note 22). 
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum is a Latvia state-owned company that ensures access of the enterprises and 
households to the financial resources by means of support financial instruments - loans, guarantees, investments in venture 
capital funds - in the areas defined as important and to be supported by the state, thus developing the national economy 
and enhancing mobilization of the private capital and financial resources. On 25 March 2019 Moody’s Investors Service 
(Moody’s) reconfirmed Altum’s Baa1 long-term issuer rating, with outlook stable. The assigned Moody’s rating of Altum is one 
of the highest credit ratings assigned to corporate entities in Latvia. 
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum was established on 27 December 2013 by a decision of the Cabinet of Ministers. 
The mission of the Company’s establishment is by merging three prior independently operating companies providing state 
support into a single institution and further allocate the state funds for implementation of financial instrument state support 
and development programmes in one place. The Company’s operations are governed by its specific law – Development 
Finance Institution Law. The Company’s Article of Association has been approved by the Cabinet of Ministers. All voting shares 
of the Company are owned by the Republic of Latvia. The holders of the shares are ministries of the Republic of Latvia as 
stipulated by the Development Finance Institution Law with following split of the shares – the Ministry of Finance 40%, the 
Ministry of Economics 30% and the Ministry of Agriculture 30% respectively. 
The Group / Company does not perform any regulated activities related to the financial and capital markets as financial 
institution, therefore the Group / Company is not required to comply with capital adequacy requirements. However, the 
Group / Company operates in accordance with best financial and capital market practices regarding internal control, risk 
management and compliance. 
The Group holds investment in alternative investment fund “Altum Capital Fund” (the Fund) registered on 31 July 2020. The 
Fund is created with the aim to support well-managed, perspective Mid-cap companies to overcome the effect of Covid-19 
that as a result of the virus impact are ready to adjust their operations by changing their business model, adjusting product 
development, introducing new technology and expanding to new export markets. The Fund’s committed capital was fully 
subscribed on September 16, 2020, reaching EUR 100 million, of which the majority (EUR 51.1 million or 51.1%) were largest 
private pension funds and EUR 48.9 million consists of public funding invested by the Company. The Company is also the 
manager of the Fund registered with the Financial and Capital Market Commission on 26 May 2020. 
Until August 2019, the Group includes the Company and two closed investment funds Hipo Latvia Real Estate Fund I and Hipo 
Real Estate Fund II (legal address – Elizabetes street 41/43, Riga, Latvia LV-1010) in which the Company was the sole investor. 
In August 2019, these funds were liquidated upon receipt of the liquidation quota by the Company. Now the Group includes 
the Company and number of venture capital funds, treated as subsidiaries for purposes of financial accounting. 
The below listed venture capital funds - subsidiaries and associates - are treated as subsidiaries or associates during the 
reporting period only for purposes of financial accounting. 
Legal Tittle 
Legal Address  
Investment % in share capital  
Venture capital funds classified as Subsidiaries 
 
 
KS Overkill Ventures Fund I 
Dzirnavu iela 105, Rīga, Latvija, LV-1011 
100 
KS Buildit Latvia Pre-Seed Fund  
Sporta iela 2, Rīga, Latvija, LV-1013 
100 
KS Commercialization Reactor Pre-seed Fund 
Brīvības gatve 300 -9, Rīga, Latvija 
100 
KS INEC 1 
Krišjāņa Barona iela 32-7, Rīga, Latvijas, LV-1011 
75 
KS INEC 2 
Krišjāņa Barona iela 32-7, Rīga, Latvijas, LV-1011 
90

--- Page 109 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
18 
 
1 General Information (cont’d) 
The below listed venture capital funds - subsidiaries and associates - are treated as subsidiaries or associates during the 
reporting period only for purposes of financial accounting. (cont’d) 
Legal Tittle 
Legal Address  
Investment % in share capital  
Venture capital funds classified as Associates 
 
 
KS Overkill Ventures Fund II  
Dzirnavu iela 105, Rīga, Latvija, LV-1011 
80 
KS Buildit Latvia Seed Fund  
Sporta iela 2, Rīga, Latvija, LV-1013 
80 
KS Commercialization Reactor Seed Fund 
Brīvības gatve 300 -9, Rīga, Latvija 
80 
KS ZGI-4  
Daugavgrīvas iela 21, Rīga, Latvija, LV-1048 
60 
FlyCap Mezzanine Fund II 
Matrožu iela 15A, Rīga, LV-1048 
60 
KS Baltcap Latvia Venture Capital Fund 
Jaunmoku iela 34, Rīga, Latvija, LV-1046 
67 
KS Imprimatur Capital Technology Venture Fund 
Elizabetes iela 85a-18, Rīga, Latvija, LV-1050 
67 
KS Imprimatur Capital Seed Fund 
Elizabetes iela 85a-18, Rīga, Latvija, LV-1050 
100 
KS ZGI-3 
Daugavgrīvas iela 21, Rīga, Latvija, LV-1048 
95 
KS FlyCap Investment Fund  
Matrožu iela 15A, Rīga, Latvija, LV-1048 
95 
KS Expansion Capital fund 
Krišjāņa Barona iela 32-7, Rīga, Latvija, LV-1011 
95 
KS AIF “Altum capital fund” 
Doma laukums 4, Rīga, LV-1050 
48.9 
Baltic Innovation Fund 
Eiropean Investment Fund, 37B, avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-2968 Luxembourg 
20 
2 Accounting Policies 
(1) Basis of presentation  
These Group’s and the Company’s financial statements are financial statements prepared in accordance with International 
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted in the European Union, on a going concern basis. In preparation of these 
financial statements on a going concern basis the management considered the Group’s / Company’s financial position, 
access to financial resources and analysed the impact of the external factors on future operations of the Group / Company. 
For detailed disclosure on the impact of Covid-19 on the Group / Company see Note 3 (8). 
The Group’s and the Company’s financial statements are prepared under the historical cost convention as modified by the 
fair valuation of financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income, derivative financial instruments 
and investment properties and support programme financing. 
The preparation of financial statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by 
European Union requires the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and 
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues 
and expenses during the reporting period. Although these estimates are based on the Management’s best knowledge of 
current events and actions, actual results ultimately may differ from those estimates (Note 2 (16)). 
Considering a share of the Group’s / Company’s investment in the Baltic Innovation Fund II (16.99%) of the committed capital 
of the Baltic Innovation Fund II) in order to ensure the users of the financial statements with a better understanding of the 
Group’s / Company’s financial position, the investments in “Baltic Innovation Fund II” (31 December 2019: EUR 250 thousand) 
have been classified separately as Other investments in the Statement of Financial Position comparing with the financial 
statements for the year 2019 where this item has been classified within Investments in Associates. 
In order to ensure the users of the financial statements with a better understanding and transparency of the Group’s / 
Company’s investments in associates, item Investments in Associates in the Statement of Financial Position are split based on 
the measurement method: (i) Investments in Associates accounted for using the equity method and (ii) Investments in 
Associates accounted for using the FVTPL method. 
In the financial statements the amounts are given in thousands of euros, unless specified otherwise. The functional currency of 
the Company and its subsidiaries as well as presentation currency of the Group / Company has been the euro.

--- Page 110 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
19 
 
2 Accounting Policies (cont’d) 
(2) Consolidation and investments in associates (cont’d) 
(i) 
Consolidation (cont’d) 
The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries as at 31 
December 2020. 
Subsidiaries are companies, over which the Group has control. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed to, or has rights 
to, variable returns from its involvement and has the ability to use its power to affect the amount of the returns. Control is 
deemed to exist when the parent company (i) has power to direct relevant activities of the investee that significantly affect 
their returns, (ii) has exposure or rights to variable returns from its involvement with the investees, and (iii) has the ability to use 
its power over the investees to affect the amount of investor’s returns. 
Financial statements of the parent company and of the consolidated subsidiaries refer to the same period and have been 
drawn up according to the accounting policies applicable to the Group. A subsidiary is included in the consolidated financial 
statements from the time of acquisition, being the date when the parent company gains control over the subsidiary. The 
subsidiary is included in the consolidated financial statements until the date when control over the company ceases to exist. 
The entities of the Group are listed in Note 22. 
Intra-group transactions, balances and unrealised gains and losses on transactions between the Group companies are 
eliminated. 
At the level of the Company, the investments in subsidiaries upon their initial recognition at cost are subsequently accounted 
for at equity method (see Note 2 (6) item (iii)). Some of the venture capital funds’ investments are classified as investments in 
subsidiaries See Note 22 for details. 
(ii) Investments in associates  
Associates are all entities over which the Group has significant influence, but doesn’t control them.  
The Group / Company ceases to have a significant influence over an entity when it loses power to participate in the entity’s 
financial and operating policy decisions. Loss of significant influence may happen with or without changes in the absolute or 
relative participation. 
The Group / Company measures investments in the associates as follows: (i) for investments in associates measured using 
equity method see Note 2 (6) item (i) and (ii) for investments in associates measured using fair value through profit or loss 
method see Note 2 (6) item (ii). Detailed information on investments in associates split between both methods see Note 17. 
(3) Foreign currency translation 
During the reporting period transactions in foreign currencies were converted into euro based on the foreign exchange rate 
of the European Central Bank effective on the day of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities as well as off-balance 
sheet claims and foreign currency liabilities were converted into euro based on the foreign exchange rate of the European 
Central Bank effective at the end of the reporting period. Gain or losses on foreign exchange rate fluctuations were included 
in the statement of comprehensive income of the reporting period.  
Non-monetary items that are measured at historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the 
dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the 
exchange rates at the date when the fair value is determined. The gain or loss arising on translation of non-monetary items 
measured at fair value is treated in line with the recognition of the gain or loss on the change in fair value of the item (i.e., 
translation differences on items whose fair value gain or loss is recognised in OCI or profit or loss are also recognised in OCI or 
profit or loss, respectively). 
The applicable rates for the principal currencies at the end of the reporting period were the following: 
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019 
1 USD = EUR 1.22710 
1 USD = EUR 1.12340 
1 GBP = EUR 0.89903 
1 GBP = EUR 0.85080 
(4) Income and expense recognition 
Income and expense accounting of the Group / Company is based on accrual basis, i.e., income and expense, pertaining 
to the reporting period, are included in the statement of comprehensive income regardless of the day of their receipt or 
origination.

--- Page 111 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
20 
 
2 Accounting Policies (cont’d) 
(4) Income and expense recognition (cont’d) 
(i) 
Foreign income and expense 
Foreign income and expense are calculated and presented in euro based on the foreign exchange rate of the European 
Central Bank on the respective day.  
Foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in the profit or loss of the reporting period. 
(ii) Interest income and expense 
Interest income and expense are recognised in profit or loss for all interest bearing instruments on an accrual basis using the 
effective interest rate method. The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset 
or a financial liability and of allocating the interest income or interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest 
rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash flows through the expected life of the financial instrument or, 
when appropriate, a shorter period to the net carrying amount of the financial asset or financial liability. When estimating 
future cash flows, the Group / Company considers all contractual terms of the financial instrument (for example, prepayment 
options), but does not consider future credit losses. The calculation includes all fees and points paid or received between 
parties to the contract that are an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and all other premiums or 
discounts. 
Interest accrued on loans is included in profit or loss and interest accrual calculation uses either “30/360” or “actual days/360” 
accounting method as specified in agreements with customers. 
The following principles are applied with respect to contractual penalties (late payment charge):  
▪ contractual penalties are calculated for each day and are recorded in the off-balance sheet (recognized at a point in 
time), 
▪ included in the profit or loss only when being paid by the customer (recognized at a point in time), 
▪ subject to grace days, i.e., if customer pays the entire amount in full within 3 days after the scheduled payment date, 
contractual penalties are not calculated. 
Commissions from advancing loans and their management are included in profit or loss based on the following principles: 
▪ loan processing and disbursement commissions, including loan application fee, together with related direct costs – using 
effective interest rate method, 
▪ other commissions (loan account management, amendment of the terms, commitment fee etc.) are recognised on the 
day of their receipt (recognized at a point in time). 
Commissions from granting and maintenance of financial guarantees are included in the profit or loss following the principles 
below: 
▪ commissions from granted financial guarantees – according to principles described in Note 2 (5) item (xvii) (recognised 
over the time), 
▪ other commissions are recognised on the day of their receipt (recognized at a point in time). 
If pricing for credit risk is covered by the Risk Coverage Reserve or Portfolio Loss Reserve, such cost component for credit risk 
coverage in pricing is excluded from interest income on loans and commissions from financial guarantees charged for 
customers. See also Note 2 (16) item (i) and Note 31. 
Other commission income and expense, which are not related to financial guarantees, are recognized as they occur. 
(5) Financial assets and liabilities - initial recognition and subsequent measurement 
(i) 
Initial recognition 
Financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL) are initially recorded at fair value. All other financial instruments 
are initially recorded at fair value adjusted for transaction costs. Fair value at initial recognition is best evidenced by the 
transaction price. In cases transaction price is lower than the fair value of guarantee provided due to the fact that the price 
difference is covered by public funding for expected credit loss classified within Risk Coverage Reserve, the Day 1 loss is directly 
allocated to Risk Coverage Reserve. See also Note 2 (16) (i). In cases transaction price is lower than the fair value of guarantee

--- Page 112 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
21 
 
2 Accounting Policies (cont’d) 
(5) Financial assets and liabilities - initial recognition and subsequent measurement (cont’d) 
 
(i)   Initial recognition (cont’d) 
provided due to the fact that the price difference is covered by public funding for expected credit loss classified within 
Portfolio Loss Reserve (special reserve capital in equity), the Day 1 loss is charged to profit or loss and will be covered from 
Portfolio Loss Reserve by transfer to Retained earnings or General reserve capital upon approval of respective year annual 
accounts according to respective shareholder decision . See also Note 2 (16) (i). 
After the initial recognition, an expected credit loss (ECL) allowance is recognised for financial assets measured at amortised 
cost (AC) and investments in debt instruments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI), resulting 
in an immediate accounting loss. 
All purchases and sales of financial assets that require delivery within the time frame established by market convention 
(“regular way” purchases and sales) are recorded at trade date, which is the date on which the Group / Company commits 
to deliver a financial asset. All other purchases are recognised when the Group / Company becomes a party to the 
contractual provisions of the instrument. 
(ii) Financial assets – classification and subsequent measurement – measurement categories 
The Group / Company classifies financial assets in the following measurement categories: FVTPL, FVOCI and AC. The 
classification and subsequent measurement of debt financial assets depends on the Group’s / Company’s business model for 
managing the related assets portfolio and the cash flow characteristics of an asset. 
(iii) Financial assets – classification and subsequent measurement – business model 
The business model reflects how the Group / Company manages assets in order to generate cash flows – whether the Group’s 
/ Company’s objective is: 
▪ solely to collect the contractual cash flows from the assets (“hold to collect contractual cash flows”,) or  
▪ to collect both the contractual cash flows and the cash flows arising from the sale of assets (“hold to collect contractual 
cash flows and sell”) or, 
▪ if neither of (a) and (b) is applicable, the financial assets are classified as part of “other” business model and measured at 
FVTPL. 
Business model is determined for a group of assets (on a portfolio level) based on all relevant evidence about the activities 
that the Group / Company undertakes to achieve the objective set out for the portfolio available at the date of the 
assessment. Factors considered by the Group / Company in determining the business model include the purpose and 
composition of a portfolio, past experience on how the cash flows for the respective assets were collected, how risks are 
assessed and managed and how the assets’ performance is assessed. Refer to Note 2 (16) for critical judgements applied by 
the Group / Company in determining the business models for its financial assets. 
(iv) Financial assets – classification and subsequent measurement – cash flow characteristics 
Where the business model is to hold assets to collect contractual cash flows or to hold contractual cash flows and sell, the 
Group / Company assesses whether the cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest (“SPPI”). Financial assets 
with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining whether their cash flows are consistent with the 
SPPI feature. In making this assessment, the Group / Company considers whether the contractual cash flows are consistent 
with a basic lending arrangement, i.e. interest includes only consideration for credit risk, time value of money, other basic 
lending risks and profit margin.  
Where the contractual terms introduce exposure to risk or volatility that is inconsistent with a basic lending arrangement, the 
financial asset is classified and measured at FVTPL. The SPPI assessment is performed on initial recognition of an asset and it is 
not subsequently reassessed. Refer to Note 2 (16) for critical judgements applied by the Group / Company in performing the 
SPPI test for its financial assets. 
(v) Financial assets – reclassification 
Financial instruments are reclassified only when the business model for managing the portfolio as a whole changes. The 
reclassification has a prospective effect and takes place from the beginning of the first reporting period that follows after the 
change in the business model.

--- Page 113 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
22 
 
2 Accounting Policies (cont’d) 
(5) Financial assets and liabilities - initial recognition and subsequent measurement (cont’d) 
(vi) Financial assets impairment – credit loss allowance for expected credit losses  
Credit loss allowance is recognised on financial assets classified at AC and FVOCI as well as on non-financial assets such as 
grants that are classified at AC. Credit loss allowance for the exposures arising from loan commitments, grant commitments 
and financial guarantee contracts are recognized as provisions. The provisioning principles for expected credit losses arising 
from off-balance sheet financial commitments and contingent liabilities are consistent with the principles and methods 
applied for on-balance sheet exposures. 
Credit loss allowance is measured based on expected credit loss model. Expected credit losses (“ECL”) reflect an unbiased 
and probability-weighted amount that is determined by evaluating a range of possible outcomes and considering all 
reasonable and supportable information, including past events, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts 
of future economic conditions that could affect the expected collectability of the future cash flows available without undue 
cost or effort at the reporting date. Such allowance is measured according to whether there has been a significant increase 
in credit risk since initial recognition of an instrument. 
Stage 1 includes financial instruments that have not experienced a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition 
and those within the Group’ / Company’s policy to assess for low credit risk at the reporting date. 
Stage 2 includes financial instruments that have deteriorated significantly in credit quality since the initial recognition but for 
which there is no objective evidence of credit impairment. 
Stage 3 includes financial instruments which are credit-impaired. 
The 12-month ECL are recognized on instruments in Stage 1 and the lifetime ECL are recognized on instruments in Stage 2 and 
Stage 3. The lifetime ECL represent losses from all possible default events over the remaining life of the financial instrument. The 
12-month ECL are the portion of the lifetime ECL resulting from the default events that are possible within 12 months after the 
reporting date. Consequently, the 12-month ECL are not the expected cash shortfalls over the next 12 months or the credit 
losses on financial assets that are forecast to default in the next 12 months. 
Measurement of expected credit losses 
The Group / Company measures the ECL for financial assets that are individually significant and collectively for financial assets 
that are not individually significant and share similar credit risk characteristics. 
The ECL for financial assets that are assessed collectively are measured as the discounted product of a probability of default 
(“PD”), an exposure at default (“EAD”), and a loss given default (“LGD”). The PD represents the likelihood that a borrower will 
default on its obligation, during the next 12 months or during the remaining lifetime of the obligation. The EAD is an expected 
exposure at the time of default, taking into account scheduled repayments of principal and interest, and expected further 
drawdowns from loan commitments. The LGD represents the expected loss on a defaulted exposure, taking into account such 
factors as counterparty characteristics, collateral and product type. 
The ECL are determined by projecting the PD, LGD and EAD for each future month over the expected lifetime of an exposure. 
The three parameters are multiplied together and adjusted for future information. This effectively calculates monthly ECL, 
which are discounted back to the reporting date using the original effective interest rate and summed. The sum of all months 
over the remaining expected lifetime results in the lifetime ECL and the sum of the next 12 months results in the 12-month ECL. 
The Group / Company uses single scenario expected cash flow method with overlays for alternative scenarios for 
macroeconomic factors such as year-on-year change in gross domestic product and real estate prices. PDs and LGDs are 
derived from historic performance of financial assets. ‘Point in time’ probabilities (PDs in the current economic conditions, as 
opposed to economic cycle-neutral ‘through the cycle’ PDs) are used for PDs. 
The Group / Company assesses credit-impaired exposures individually without the use of modelled inputs. The credit loss 
allowance for these exposures are established using the discounted expected cash flows. 
Definition of default and credit-impaired financial assets 
Default is an input to the PD and LGD, which affects the measurement of the ECL. Financial assets which are credit-impaired 
are included in Stage 3. Default and credit-impaired are triggered when an exposure (principal or interest payment) is more 
than 90 days past due, an exposure is declared in bankruptcy or similar order, a non-performing forbearance measure is 
applied towards the borrower or there is an assessment that the borrower is unlikely to pay its obligations as agreed. When 
assessing whether a borrower is unlikely to pay its obligations, the Group / Company takes into account both qualitative and 
quantitative factors including, but not limited to the overdue status or non-payment on other obligations of the same borrower, 
expected bankruptcy and breaches of financial covenants. An instrument is no longer considered to be in default or credit-

--- Page 114 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
23 
 
2 Accounting Policies (cont’d) 
(5) Financial assets and liabilities - initial recognition and subsequent measurement (cont’d) 
(vi) Financial assets impairment – credit loss allowance for expected credit losses (cont’d) 
Determining a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition  
impaired when all overdue amounts are repaid, there is sufficient evidence to demonstrate that there is a significant reduction 
in the risk of non-payment of future cash flows and there are no other indicators of credit-impairment. 
The Group / Company assesses changes in credit risk at the individual financial instrument level. A financial instrument is no 
longer considered to have experienced a significant increase in credit risk when none of the indicators of SICR are present 
anymore. 
Stage 2 includes financial instruments that have deteriorated significantly in credit quality since the initial recognition but for 
which there is no objective evidence of credit impairment. The Group / Company primarily identifies whether a significant 
increase in credit risk has occurred for an exposure due to “days past due” status or significant decrease in internal rating 
status. Investments in securities and due from other credit institutions are included in Stage 1 if external rating is A3/A- or higher, 
while lowering of the external rating by at least two notches (Baa1/BBB+ or lower) results in transfer of exposure from Stage 1 
to Stage 2. The Group / Company also identifies whether a significant increase in credit risk has occurred for an exposure due 
to changes in qualitative credit risk indicators such as financial performance of the borrower, breaches of covenants, industry 
specific information, etc. 
Expected lifetime 
The lifetime of a financial instrument is relevant for both the assessment of significant increase in credit risk, which considers 
changes in the probability of default over the expected lifetime, and the measurement of the lifetime ECL. The expected 
lifetime is limited to contractual period specified in respective agreement. All contractual terms are considered when 
determining the expected lifetime, including prepayment options and extension and rollover options that are binding to the 
Group / Company. 
Modifications 
Where a loan is modified but is not derecognised, significant increases in credit risk continue to be assessed for impairment 
purposes as compared to the initial recognition credit risk. Modifications do not automatically lead to a decrease in credit risk 
and all quantitative and qualitative indicators will continue to be assessed. 
Estimates 
The Group / Company use both models and expert credit judgement (ECJ) in order to determine ECLs. The degree of 
judgement that is required to estimate ECL depends on the model outcome, materiality and the availability of detailed 
information. The model provides guidance and transparency as to how economic events could affect the impairment of 
financial assets. Expert judgements may be applied to the modelled outcome to incorporate an estimated impact of factors 
not captured by the model. Such judgemental adjustment to the model-generated ECLs may be applied to significant 
exposures at a counterparty level. The adjustments are decided by the relevant committee using the model ECLs as guidance. 
Presentation of credit impairments 
For financial assets measured at AC, credit loss allowance is presented in the Group’s / Company’s statement of financial 
position as a reduction of the gross carrying amount of the assets. 
For loan commitments, grant commitments and financial guarantee contracts, such allowance is presented as a liability 
(provisions) in the Group’s / Company’s statement of financial position. 
For debt instruments measured at FVOCI (investment securities), changes in amortised cost reduced by credit loss allowance 
for ECL are recognised as profit or loss and other changes in gross carrying value are recognised in the OCI as gains less losses 
on debt instruments measured at FVOCI. 
A write-off reduces the gross carrying amount of a financial asset. Write-offs are recognised when the amount of loss is 
ultimately determined and represent the amount before the utilisation of any previous impairment allowances. Any 
subsequent recoveries of write-offs or credit loss allowance are recognised in profit or loss statement.

--- Page 115 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
24 
 
2 Accounting Policies (cont’d) 
(5) Financial assets and liabilities - initial recognition and subsequent measurement (cont’d) 
(vii) Financial assets – write-off 
Financial assets are written-off, in whole or in part, when the Group / Company exhausted all practical recovery efforts and 
has concluded that there is no reasonable expectation of recovery. The write-off represents a derecognition event. The Group 
/ Company may write-off financial assets that are still subject to enforcement activity when the Group / Company seeks to 
recover amounts that are contractually due, however, there is no reasonable expectation of recovery. 
(viii) Financial assets – derecognition 
The Group / Company derecognises financial assets when:  
▪ the assets are redeemed or the rights to cash flows from the assets otherwise expired or  
▪ the Group / Company has transferred the rights to the cash flows from the financial assets or entered into a qualifying pass-
through arrangement while (i) also transferring substantially all risks and rewards of ownership of the assets or (ii) neither 
transferring nor retaining substantially all risks and rewards of ownership, but not retaining control. Control is retained if the 
counterparty does not have the practical ability to sell the asset in its entirety to an unrelated third party without needing 
to impose restrictions on the sale 
(ix) Financial assets – modification 
The Group / Company sometimes renegotiates or otherwise modifies the contractual terms of the financial assets. The Group 
assesses whether the modification of contractual cash flows is substantial considering, among other, any new contractual 
terms that substantially affect the risk profile of the asset, significant change in interest rate, change in the currency 
denomination, new collateral or credit enhancement that significantly affects the credit risk associated with the asset or a 
significant extension of a loan when the borrower is not in financial difficulties. 
If the modified terms are substantially different, the rights to cash flows from the original asset expire and the Group / Company 
derecognises the original financial asset and recognises a new asset at its fair value. The date of renegotiation is considered 
to be the date of initial recognition for subsequent impairment calculation purposes, including determining whether a SICR 
has occurred. The Group / Company also assesses whether the new asset meets the SPPI criterion. Any difference between 
the carrying amount of the original asset derecognised and fair value of the new substantially modified asset is recognised in 
profit or loss. 
In a situation where the renegotiation was driven by financial difficulties of the counterparty and inability to make the originally 
agreed payments, the Group / Company compares the original and revised expected cash flows to assets whether the risks 
and rewards of the asset are substantially different as a result of the contractual modification. If the difference in present value 
of the expected cashflows is not significant, the modified asset is not substantially different from the original asset and the 
modification does not result in derecognition. The Group / Company recalculates the gross carrying amount by discounting 
the modified contractual cash flows by the original effective interest rate (or credit-adjusted effective interest rate for 
purchased or originated credit impaired (POCI) financial assets), and recognises a modification gain or loss in profit or loss. 
(x) Financial liabilities – measurement categories 
Financial liabilities are classified as subsequently measured at AC, except for financial liabilities at FVTPL – this classification is 
applied to derivatives and support programme funding. 
(xi) Financial liabilities – derecognition 
Financial liabilities are derecognised when they are extinguished (i.e. when the obligation specified in the contract is 
discharged, cancelled or expires) or significantly modified. 
(xii) Due from credit institutions and the Treasury  
Amounts due from credit institutions and the Treasury are recorded when the Group / Company advances money to a credit 
institution or the Treasury of the Republic of Latvia with no intention of trading the resulting unquoted non-derivative receivable 
due on fixed or determinable dates. Amounts due from credit instructions and the Treasury are carried at amortised cost. 
Amounts due from credit institutions and the Treasury comprises cash and demand deposits with original maturity of 3 months 
or less (See Note 14) and demand deposits with original maturity of more than 3 months.

--- Page 116 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
25 
 
2 Accounting Policies (cont’d) 
(5) Financial assets and liabilities - initial recognition and subsequent measurement (cont’d) 
(xiii) Derivative financial instruments  
Derivative financial instruments including foreign currency swaps are initially recognised at fair value and subsequently 
measured at their fair value. Fair values are obtained from quoted market prices and discounted cash flow models as 
appropriate. Derivatives are recognized as assets when their fair value is positive and as liabilities when the their fair value is 
negative. Changes in the fair value of derivatives are reported in the profit or loss. The Group / Company does not use hedge 
accounting. 
(xiv) Investment securities 
Based on the business model and the cash flow characteristics, the Group / Company classifies investments in securities as 
carried at AC or FVOCI.  
Investment securities are carried at AC if they are held for collection of contractual cash flows and where those cash flows 
represent SPPI, and if they are not voluntarily designated at FVTPL in order to significantly reduce an accounting mismatch. 
Part of fixed income securities held by the Group / Company are included into this category. 
Investment securities are carried at FVOCI if they are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling, where those 
cash flows represent SPPI, and if they are not designated at FVTPL. Interest income from these assets is calculated using the 
effective interest method and recognised in profit or loss. An impairment allowance estimated using the expected credit loss 
model is recognised in profit or loss for the year. All other changes in the carrying value are recognised in OCI. When the debt 
security is derecognised, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in OCI is reclassified from OCI to profit or loss. 
Treasury bills, fixed income securities are included into this financial assets’ measurement category. 
(xv) Loans 
For purposes of this section, loans are: 
▪ direct lending products, i.e., the Group / Company grants a loan to a borrower, who is the end beneficiary of the funds 
issued. Direct lending products include Reverse rent transaction, 
▪ indirect lending products, i.e., the Group / Company issues a loan to a borrower, who is an intermediary. The intermediary 
then grants the received loan further to borrowers, who are the end beneficiaries of the funds. The Group / Company 
recognizes expected credit loss either (i) resulting from solvency problems of the borrower / end beneficiary solely or (ii) 
resulting from both solvency problems of the intermediary and solvency problems of the borrower / end beneficiary, 
proportionate to the share of risk, 
The loans are recognised in the financial statements of the Group / Company when cash is advanced to borrowers. Granted, 
but not yet disbursed loans are recognised as loan commitments in off-balance sheet. 
Based on the business model and the cash flow characteristics, the Group / Company classifies loans measured at AC. It 
means, that loans are held for collection of contractual cash flows. 
Loan commitments 
The Group / Company issues commitments to provide loans. These commitments are irrevocable or revocable only in response 
to a material adverse change. Fees received for loan commitments are amortised on a straight-line basis over the life of the 
commitment. Further on such loan commitment, fees are deferred and included in the carrying value of the loan on initial 
recognition. At the end of each reporting period, the commitments are measured at the remaining unamortised balance (on 
off-balance sheet) of the amount at initial recognition plus the amount of the loss allowance (on-balance sheet) determined 
based on the ECL model, unless the commitment is to provide a loan at an interest rate below the market rate, in which case 
the measurement is at the higher of these two amounts. 
The carrying amount of the loan commitments is presented as a liability within off-balance sheet. 
For contracts that include both a loan and an undrawn commitment and where the Group / Company cannot separately 
distinguish the ECL on the undrawn loan component from the loan component, the ECL on the undrawn commitment is 
recognised together with the loss allowance for the loan. To the extent that the combined ECLs exceed the gross carrying 
amount of the loan, they are recognised as a liability.

--- Page 117 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
26 
 
2 Accounting Policies (cont’d) 
(5) Financial assets and liabilities - initial recognition and subsequent measurement (cont’d) 
Reverse rent 
Reverse rent is agricultural land purchase transaction with rent and repurchase rights for the seller of the property established 
by agreement. It was concluded that the reverse rent transactions embraced the repurchase option for the lessee that could 
be exercised nearly always. From IFRS point of view it means that such a rent falls outside the definition of rent as, in essence, 
the usage rights of the asset are not transferred and remain with the lessee. The nature of reverse rent transaction corresponds 
to the definition of financial asset where the purchase price is a long-term loan issued to the lessee (right to get the money in 
the future), whereas land functions as a collateral. Following the same practice applied to the other loans the management 
assesses impairment at each reporting date. A part of the impairment assessment and calculation is linked to evaluation of 
the collateral. 
Repossessed collateral  
Repossessed collateral represents movable assets, land and buildings that have been acquired in the debt collection process 
for the purpose to hold them and sell in an ordinary course of business. See Note 2 (9) item (v) details. 
(xvi)   Grants 
The Group / Company acts as an agent when servicing grants. The Group / Company advances grants in instalments to the 
customers. The grant agreements between the Company and funding providers (grantors) stipulates that the Group / 
Company will provide grants to the customers in advance, and will submit quarterly reports to grantors on disbursed grants.  
Grants that are advanced to the customers are recognized as non-financial assets at amortized cost. Upon approval by the 
grantor for the eligibility of the disbursed grants, the advanced grants are derecognized as non-financial assets and the 
related support programme funding balances are reduced by the approved amount. Grants committed to the customers, 
but not yet disbursed are accounted for on the Group’s / Company's off-balance sheet. 
Impairment allowances are made for expected credit losses for both advanced grants recognized as non-financial assets 
and grant commitments. 
 
(xvii)  Financial guarantees 
Financial guarantees require the Group / Company to make specified payments to reimburse the holder of the guarantee 
for a loss it incurs because a specified debtor fails to make payment when due in accordance with the original or modified 
terms of a debt instrument. Financial guarantees are initially recognised at their fair value, which is normally evidenced by the 
amount of fees received. This amount is amortised on a straight-line basis over the life of the guarantee. At the end of each 
reporting period, the guarantees are measured at the higher of (i) the amount of the loss allowance for the guaranteed 
exposure determined based on the expected loss model and (ii) the remaining unamortised balance of the amount at initial 
outstanding recognition. In addition, an ECL loss allowance is recognised for fees receivable that are recognised in the 
statement of financial position as an asset. 
The outstanding amount of the financial guarantees contracts is presented as a liability within off-balance sheet (Note 38). 
Payments, which are made by the Group / Company, to reimburse the holder of the guarantee for a loss are included in 
Other assets (Note 25). 
(xviii) 
Financial liabilities carried at amortised cost 
Financial liabilities carried at amortised cost are mainly amounts due to the Treasury of the Republic of Latvia and credit 
institutions. These are initially recognised at fair value net of transaction costs incurred. Financial liabilities are subsequently 
measured at AC and any difference between net proceeds and the redemption value is recognised in the profit or loss over 
the period of the borrowings using the effective interest method. In cases of early repayment, any difference between the 
repaid and carrying amounts is immediately included in the profit or loss. 
(xix) 
Issued debt securities  
The Group / Company recognises issued debt securities at the date when the respective funds are received. After initial 
recognition when these financial liabilities are initially recognised at fair value including direct transaction costs, those are 
subsequently carried at amortised cost using the effective interest method. When issued debt securities are sold at a discount 
or premium, the difference is amortised applying the effective interest method until the debt matures and charged to the 
statement of comprehensive income as interest expense.

--- Page 118 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
27 
 
2 Accounting Policies (cont’d) 
(xx) 
Financial liabilities designated at FVTPL 
The Group / Company designates liabilities, for example, support programme funding at FVTPL at initial recognition. Gains 
and losses on such liabilities are presented in profit or loss. See Note 2 (15) for details. 
(6) Investments in venture capital funds  
The Group’s / Company’s investments in venture capital funds (VCF) are treated as Investments in Associates, Investments in 
Baltic Innovation Fund, Investments in Subsidiaries and Other Investments. According to IFRS 9, the above investments become 
financial assets held either at fair value through other comprehensive income or at fair value through profit or loss. In neither 
case, there is an option of stating the said assets at cost, unless the cost is estimated to be close to its fair value. Consequently, 
in calculating net asset value (NAV) for the VCFs, fair values of these investments must be taken into account. The Group’s / 
Company’s financial statements present NAV taking account of the funds’ fair value adjustments, i.e. fair values of investments 
in equity instruments. The details of the accounting treatment of each type of the investment are described below. 
(i) 
Investments in Associates, except for Baltic Innovation Fund 
The Group’s / Company’s investments in Associates that include investments in ventures capital funds and AIF “Altum capital 
fund” are stated under the equity method, except for investments in Baltic Innovation Fund. 
Investments in Associate initially are recognised at acquisition cost. For subsequent measurement, the equity method is used: 
the Group / Company recognizes on its balance sheet the value of the VCFs as its proportionate share of the NAV of the VCFs. 
If needed, the NAV is adjusted to reflect the Group’s / Company’s accounting policies, i.e. IFRS. The NAV of the VCFs mainly 
consisted of the VCFs’ investments in equity instruments and issued loans as well as of the liabilities undertaken. The NAV of the 
VCF is based on the fair value measurement of the VCF’s assets and liabilities. The fair values can be adjusted by the Group / 
Company to align the accounting policies of the Associates with accounting policy of the Group / Company. 
The carrying value of investment in Associate includes changes in the Group’s / Company’s NAV in the Associate since 
acquisition date. Changes in the NAV from operational results of the VCF are included in the Group’s / Company’s profit or 
loss statement as a share of gain or (loss) of investment in associate.  
The realised gains, which are received from Associate, are recognised as decrease in the VCF’s carrying value. 
The financial statements of the Associate and the Group cover the same reporting period. 
The Group / Company use the Risk Coverage Reserve (see Note 2 (16) (i)) which is part of the support programme funding to 
compensate the change in the values of venture capital funds. The risk coverage mechanism is attributable to the 2nd and 3rd 
generation  
venture capital funds, such as BaltCap Latvia Venture Capital Fund, Imprimatur Capital Technology Venture Fund, Imprimatur 
Capital Seed Fund, ZGI-3 fund, FlyCap Investment Fund I un Expansion Capital Fund, as well as to the part of 4th generation 
venture capital funds such as Overkill Ventures Fund II, Buildit Latvia Seed Fund, Commercialization Reactor Seed Fund, ZGI-4 
fund and FlyCap Mezzanine Fund II. 
The Group / Company use the Portfolio Loss Reserve (see Note 2 (16) (i)) to compensate the change in the values of AIF “Altum 
capital fund”. 
(ii) Investments in the Baltic Innovation Fund 
Investments in the Baltic Innovation Fund are valued at fair value through profit or loss The management has made following 
assessment in order to support such valuation: 
▪ within the meaning of IAS 28, the Financial Intermediary Division of the Company and the Baltic Innovation Fund correspond 
to the definition of a venture capital organisation or comparable to it entities; 
▪ within the meaning of IAS 28, the Baltic Innovation Fund’s investments should be classified as associates; 
▪ the Baltic Innovation Fund measures its investments at fair value through profit or loss according to IFRS 9. 
The above conclusions enabled the Company to the exception in relation to the Baltic Innovation Fund measurement 
provided in IAS 28 and in its financial statements to measure the Baltic Innovation Fund and its investments applying IFRS 9 and 
deciding to state the investment in the Baltic Innovation Fund at fair value through profit or loss. 
The Group / Company use part of the support programme funding, i.e., the Risk Coverage Reserve (see Note 2 (16) (i)) to 
compensate the change in the values of venture capital funds. Since December 2017 the said risk coverage mechanism is 
attributable also to the Baltic Innovation Fund capped for amount of EUR 2 million.

--- Page 119 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
28 
 
2 Accounting Policies (cont’d) 
(6) Investments in venture capital funds (cont’d) 
(iii) Investments in subsidiaries 
The Company’s investments in subsidiaries that include investments in ventures capital funds are stated under the equity 
method. Investments in subsidiaries initially are recognised at acquisition cost. For subsequent measurement, the equity 
method is used: the Company recognizes on its balance sheet the value of the VCFs as its proportionate share of the NAV of 
the VCFs. The NAV was adjusted to reflect the Company’s accounting policies, i.e. IFRS. The NAV of the VCFs mainly consisted 
of the VCFs’ investments in equity instruments and issued loans as well as of the liabilities undertaken. The NAV of the VCF is 
based on the fair value measurement, which can be adjusted by the Company to align the accounting policies of the 
subsidiaries with accounting policy of the Company. 
The carrying value of investment in Subsidiaries includes changes in the Company’s NAV in the subsidiary since acquisition 
date. Changes in the NAV from operational results of the VCF are included in the Company’s profit or loss statement as a 
share of gain or (loss) of investment in subsidiaries. 
(iv) Investments of subsidiaries in underlying undertakings 
Investments of subsidiaries in underlying undertakings are measured at FVTPL, except where the Group elects at initial 
recognition to irrevocably designate equity investments at FVOCI. Dividends continue to be recognised in profit or loss when 
return on such investment.  
(v) Other Investments 
Other investments include investments in the Baltic Innovation Fund II and investments in the Three Seas Initiative Investment 
Fund. 
Other investments initially are recognised at acquisition cost. Other investments are measured at FVTPL 
(vi) Other accounting issues 
The management fees of the VCFs referable to the reporting period (previous periods) are treated as fees for services received 
and are included in profit or loss. 
As foreseen by the new wording of the agreement No 2015/15 On Implementation of the Holding Fund dated 23 December 
2015 concluded between the Company and the Ministry of Economics, the Group / Company is reimbursed from the funding 
of the Ministry of Economics for the following: 
▪ management fees of the financial intermediaries for implementation of the financial engineering instruments (see Notes 6,  
7 and 31). This coverage mechanism is valid for the all generation VCFs (see Note 17) as well as for Baltic Innovation Fund 
from the December 2017. 
▪ value impairment of the investments of the financial engineering instruments due to valuation or revaluation (see Note 17). 
This coverage mechanism is valid for the all generation VCFs (see Note 17). 
(7) Fair values of assets and liabilities 
Fair value is the price that would be received when selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction 
between market participants on the measurement date. Fair values of financial assets and liabilities, including derivative 
financial instruments, are based on market prices quoted in active markets. If the market for a financial asset or liability (and 
for unlisted securities) is not active, the Group / Company establishes fair value by using valuation techniques. These include 
the use of discounted cash flow analysis, option pricing models and recent comparative transactions as appropriate. Where, 
in the opinion of the Management of the Group / Company, the fair values of financial assets and liabilities differ materially 
from their book values, such fair values are separately disclosed in the notes to the accounts.

--- Page 120 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
29 
 
2 Accounting Policies (cont’d) 
(7) Fair values of assets and liabilities (cont’d) 
The Group / Company measures financial assets, such as derivatives, part of investments securities, investments in Baltic 
Innovation Fund, non-financial assets such as investment properties, investments in alternative investment funds, and financial 
liabilities such as Support Programme funding, at fair value at each balance sheet date. The information about financial and 
non-financial assets and liabilities, which are measured at fair value or which values are disclosed, are summarised in the 
following notes: 
Disclosures for valuation methods, significant estimates and 
assumptions 
Note 2 (5), 2 (6), 2 (8), 2 (9), 2 (15), 2 (16) 
Quantitative disclosures of fair value measurement hierarchy 
Note 41 
Investment property 
Note 2 (9) item (iv) 
Financial instruments including those carried at amortised cost 
Note 2 (5) 
(8) Off-setting financial instruments 
Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the statement of financial position when there is a 
legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, or realise the assets 
and settle the liability simultaneously. 
(9) Non–financial assets – initial recognition and subsequent measurement 
(i) 
Intangible assets 
Acquired computer software and licences are recognised as intangible assets on the basis of the costs incurred to acquire 
and bring to use the software. Intangible assets are amortised on the basis of their expected useful live (5 years) and less 
impairment, if there is an indication that intangible asset may be impaired. The costs associated with developing or 
maintaining computer software programs are recognised as an expense when incurred. 
(ii) Property, plant and equipment and depreciation 
All property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment, if any.  
Depreciation is provided using the straight-line method to write off the cost of each asset to its residual value over the 
estimated useful life of the asset. The assets’ residual values and useful live are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at each 
balance sheet date. 
The annual depreciation rates applied are as follows: 
Category 
Depreciation rate 
Land and buildings 
2% p.a. 
Furniture and fittings 
10 - 20% p.a. 
Computers and equipment 
16.67 – 33.33% p.a. 
Vehicles 
20% p.a. 
Leasehold improvements 
over the term of the lease agreements 
Where the carrying amount of an asset is greater than its estimated recoverable amount, it is written down immediately to its 
recoverable amount. Property, plant and equipment are periodically reviewed for impairment. 
Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or are recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only 
when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the asset will flow to the Group / Company and the cost of 
the asset can be measured reliably. 
Gains and losses on disposals of property and equipment are recognised in the profit or loss in the period of disposal.. All other 
repairs and maintenance are charged to profit or loss during the financial period in which they are incurred.

--- Page 121 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
30 
 
2 Accounting Policies (cont’d) 
(9) Non–financial assets – initial recognition and subsequent measurement (cont’d) 
(iii) Impairment of non-financial assets 
The Group / Company assesses at each reporting date whether there is an indication that an asset may be impaired. If any 
indication exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required, the Group / Company estimates the asset’s 
recoverable amount. An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s or cash-generating unit’s (CGU) fair value less 
costs to sell and its value in use. Where the carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable amount, the asset is 
considered impaired and is written down to its recoverable amount. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows 
are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value 
of money and the risks specific to the asset. In determining fair value less costs to sell, an appropriate valuation model is used. 
These calculations are corroborated by valuation multiples, quoted share prices for publicly traded subsidiaries or other 
available fair value indicators. 
For assets excluding goodwill, an assessment is made at each reporting date as to whether there is any indication that 
previously recognised impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such indication exists, the Group / 
Company estimates the asset’s or CGU’s recoverable amount. A previously recognised impairment loss is reversed only if there 
has been a change in the assumptions used to determine the asset’s recoverable amount since the last impairment loss was 
recognised. The reversal is limited so that the carrying amount of the asset does not exceed its recoverable amount, nor 
exceeds the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation, had no impairment loss been 
recognised for the asset in prior years. Such reversal is recognised in the profit or loss. Goodwill impairment losses cannot be 
reversed over the next reporting periods. 
(iv) Investment property 
Investment property comprises land or buildings, which are held in order to earn rentals or for capital appreciation or both, 
and which are not occupied by the Group / Company or otherwise held for sale. Property rented out under operating lease 
is classified as investment property if, and only it meets the definition of an investment property. 
Investment property is carried at fair value through profit and loss. Fair value is based on active market prices, adjusted, if 
necessary, to any difference in the nature, location or condition of the asset. The fair value of investment property is based on 
a valuation by an independent valuator who holds a recognised and relevant professional qualification and who has recent 
experience in the location and category of the investment property being valued. If this information is not available, the Group 
/ Company uses alternative valuation methods such as discounted cash flow projections. Changes in the fair value of 
investment property are recorded in the profit or loss as part of operating income. Revaluation of investment property is 
performed annually. 
Gains and losses on sale of investment properties is recognised at sale as the difference between the proceeds from the sale 
and the carrying amount (fair value) of investment properties. 
(v) Repossessed collateral (included in Other assets) 
Repossessed collateral includes movable assets, land and buildings that have been acquired in the debt collection process 
for the purpose to hold them and sell in an ordinary course of business. Inventory is reported at the lower of cost or net realisable 
value. Net realizable value is a selling price during an ordinary course of business of the Group / Company less selling expenses.  
Depreciation of repossessed collateral is not calculated. Changes in value of repossessed collateral are recognised in of profit 
or loss. The value of repossessed collateral is reassessed at each reporting date to ensure it is stated at the lower of cost or net 
realisable value. The repossessed collateral consists of properties taken over with an aim to sell them in the near future. 
Realised gains and losses on sale of repossessed collateral are recognised at sale as the difference between sale price of 
repossessed collateral and carrying amount as at the moment of sale. 
(vi) Assets held for sale 
Non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale are measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less 
costs to sell. Non-current assets and disposal groups are classified as held for sale if their carrying amounts will be recovered 
principally through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use. This condition is regarded as met only when the sale 
is highly probable and the asset or disposal group is available for immediate sale in its present condition. Management must 
be committed to the sale, which should be expected to qualify for recognition as a completed sale within one year from the 
date of classification.

--- Page 122 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
31 
 
2 Accounting Policies (cont’d) 
(10) Leases 
From 1 January 2019 the Group / Company applies IFRS 16. In accordance with the transitional provisions of IFRS 16, the 
standard is applied retrospectively with evaluation of its cumulative effect as of 1 January 2019. The Group / Company 
recognises a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset and a lease liability representing its obligation 
to make lease payments. The Group / Company applies optional exemptions for short-term leases and leases of low-value 
items. 
The Group / Company applied simplified approach and did not restate comparative information. Right–of–use assets were 
measured equal to the lease liabilities at the date of initial application. Cumulative effect of initial application was immaterial 
therefore it was not recognised as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings. 
Under IFRS 16, a contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a 
period of time in exchange for consideration. To assess whether the contract is a lease or contains a lease, the Group /  
Company assesses whether: 
▪ the contract provides for the use of an identified asset: the asset may be designated, directly or indirectly, and must be 
physically separable or represent practically full capacity of the asset from the physically separable asset. If the supplier 
has a significant right to replace the asset, the asset is not identifiable; 
▪ the Group / Company has the right to obtain all economic benefits from the use of the identifiable asset over its useful life; 
▪ the Group / Company has the right to determine the use of the identifiable asset. The Group / Company has the right to 
determine the manner in which the asset will be used, when it can decide how and for what purpose the asset will be used. 
Where the relevant decisions about how and for what purpose an asset is used are predetermined, the Group / Company 
should assess whether it uses the asset, or the Group / Company has developed an asset in a manner that predetermines 
how and for what purpose the asset will be used. 
Upon adopting IFRS 16, the Group / Company used a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases with similar 
characteristics (with certain exemptions) and made an assessment on the identified right–of–use assets non–cancellable lease 
terms (including the extension and termination options) and lease payments (including fixed and variable payments etc.). 
Leases are recognised as right–of–use assets and the corresponding lease liabilities at the date when leased assets are 
available for use of the Group / Company. The cost of the right–of–use an asset consists of: 
▪ the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability; 
▪ any lease payments made before the commencement date less any lease incentives received; 
▪ any initial direct costs. 
The right–of–use assets are classified and recognised according to groups of property, plant and equipment. The Group / 
Company accounts right–of–use assets of land, buildings and vehicles. 
The right–of–use asset is amortised on a straight–line basis from the commencement date to the end of the useful life of the 
underlying asset or from the commencement date of the lease to the end of the lease term, unless an asset is scheduled to 
be redeemed. The right–of–use asset is periodically reduced for impairment losses, if any, and adjusted for any revaluation of 
the lease liabilities. 
Assets and liabilities arising from leases at commencement date are measured at the amount equal to the present value of 
the remaining lease payments, discounted by the Group’s / Company's incremental interest rate. Lease liabilities include the 
present value of the following lease payments: 
▪ fixed lease payments (including in–substance fixed lease payments), less any lease incentives receivable; 
▪ variable leases payments that are based on an index or a rate; 
▪ amounts expected to be payable by the Group / Company under residual value guarantees; 
▪ the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group / Company is reasonably certain to exercise that option; 
▪ payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the Group / Company exercising that option. 
Lease liabilities are subsequently measured when there is a change in future lease payments due to changes of an index or 
a rate, when the Group’s / Company's estimate of expected payments changes, or when the Group / Company changes its 
estimate of the purchase option, lease term modification due to extension or termination. When a lease liability is subsequently

--- Page 123 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
32 
 
2 Accounting Policies (cont’d) 
(10) Leases (cont’d) 
measured, the corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the right–of–use asset or recognised in the 
statement of comprehensive income if the carrying amount of the right–of–use asset decreases to zero. 
Each lease payment is divided between the lease liability and the interest expense on the lease. Interest expense on lease is 
recognised in the statement of comprehensive income over the lease term to form a constant periodic interest rate for the 
remaining lease liability for each period. 
Lease payments related to short–term leases are recognised as an expense in the statement of comprehensive income on a 
straight–line basis. Short–term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or less at the commencement date. 
The following accounting policy on leases was applied on and before 31 December 2018: 
Where the Group / Company is a lessee in a lease which transferred substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to 
ownership to the Group / Company, the assets leased are capitalised in premises and equipment at the commencement of 
the lease at the lower of the fair value of the leased asset, and the present value of the minimum lease payments. Each lease 
payment is allocated between the liability and finance charges so as to achieve a constant rate on the finance balance 
outstanding. The corresponding rental obligations, net of future finance charges, are included in other borrowed funds. The 
interest cost is charged to profit or loss for the year over the lease period using the effective interest method. The assets 
acquired under finance leases are depreciated over their useful life, or the shorter lease term if the Group / Company is not 
reasonably certain that it will obtain ownership by the end of the lease term. 
(11) Corporate income tax 
Corporate income tax for the reporting period is included in the financial statements based on the Group’s / Company’s 
management’s calculations prepared in accordance with tax legislation of the Republic of Latvia.  
Corporate income tax is calculated on the basis of distributed profit which is subject to the tax rate of 20 % of their gross 
amount, or 20/80 of net expense. Corporate tax on distributed profit will be recognized when the shareholders of the Company 
make a decision about profit distribution. 
Corporate income tax for the distributed profit is included in the profit and loss statement line item “Corporate income tax” 
and disclosed by the components in the notes to the financial statements. 
In accordance with Paragraph 2 of Article 15 of the Development Finance Institution Law, the Group’s / Company’s profit for 
the period is transferred to reserves in order to ensure financial stability and sustainable operation of the Group / Company as 
well as to mitigate the risks of approved support programmes. 
(12) Provisions 
The Group’s / Company’s contingent liabilities and off-balance sheet items consist of financial guarantees, loan commitments, 
grant commitments as well as commitment to associates and other investments (see Note 32). Provisions include impairment 
allowances for expected credit losses for loan commitments, grant commitments and financial guarantees are presented in 
Note 2 (5) item (vi). 
(13) Vacation reserve 
Accruals for employee leaves are recognised on an accrual basis. The volume of accrued liabilities for leaves is calculated, 
based on the number of leave days earned, but unused by the staff members of the Group / Company, and following the 
principles listed below: 
▪ accruals are created for payment for all unused leave days of staff members, 
▪ the value of one unused leave day is defined as the staff members’ average salary per day at the end of the reporting 
year, plus the appropriate compulsory social insurance contributions, 
▪ movements in accruals are recognised in the profit or loss.

--- Page 124 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
33 
 
2 Accounting Policies (cont’d) 
(14) Employee benefits 
The Group / Company pays social security contributions for state pension insurance and to the state funded pension scheme 
in accordance with Latvian legislation. State funded pension scheme is a defined contribution plan under which the Group / 
Company pays fixed contributions determined by the law and has no legal or constructive obligations to pay further 
contributions if the state pension insurance system or state funded pension scheme are not able to settle their liabilities to 
employees. The social security contributions are recognised as an expense on an accrual basis and are included within staff 
costs. 
(15) Support programme funding 
Although liabilities arising from support programme funding are interest-free or have an interest rate that differs from the 
average market rate, they have an additional participation in the profit or loss related to the assets in which the Group / 
Company has invested using these resources. The management of the Group / Company is of the opinion that these liabilities 
have a different kind of interest return related to the return on the underlying assets. For the purposes of IFRS the interest return 
of this kind is considered as embedded derivative. As it follows from IFRS 9 Clause 4.3.5., the embedded derivatives may be 
recognised without separating them from the contract, together with the whole contract, at its fair value with re-measurement 
through profit or loss.  
The fair value of the liability established in this manner as of 1 January 2018 consists of the already carried Support programme 
funding coupled with the state aid portion adjusted for the part of the future cash flow pertaining of additional payments / to 
reduction of additional payments due to value appreciation or impairment of the associated assets, i.e. the liability is 
recognised to the extent that corresponds to the liability’s repayment amount established for the Group / Company.  
When calculating the fair value of the liabilities of Support programme funding as at 1 January 2018, an adjustment of EUR 
(8,449) thousand was made. As a result, EUR (7,465) thousand were attributed to the amount of the liabilities and EUR (984) 
thousand – to the retained earnings of the previous years. Amount of EUR (7,465) thousand attributed to the amount of the 
liabilities consists of state aid portion reclassified back to Support programme funding in amount of EUR 4,877 thousand and 
fair value correction in amount of EUR (12,342) thousand as described above. 
Support programme funding includes the Risk Coverage Reserve that can be used for covering the Group’s / Company’s 
credit risk losses. For accounting of Risk Coverage Reserve see Note 2 (16) item (i). See detailed information on Risk Coverage 
Reserve also in Note 2 (4) item (ii), Note 2 (5) item (i), Note 2 (6) items (i) and (ii) and Note 31. 
(16) Critical accounting estimates and judgements 
The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the reporting date, that have 
a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year, 
are described below. The Group / Company bases its assumptions and estimates on parameters available when the financial 
statements were prepared. Existing circumstances and assumptions about future developments, however, may change due 
to market changes or circumstances arising that are beyond the control of the Group / Company. Such changes are reflected 
in the assumptions when they occur. The estimates and assumptions are evaluated regularly and are based on the historic 
experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the current 
circumstances. Such estimates and judgements are disclosed below. 
(i) 
Expected credit losses 
State support programmes implemented by the Group / Company are designed according to the market gap to ensure 
access of enterprises and residentials to finance resources in areas that the government has defined as important and to be 
supported, fielding national policy in to the national economy or that access is not sufficient with available financial 
instruments in the market. Expected loss along with programme’s impact, risk assessment, financial feasibility and 
implementation expenses are estimated prior to approval of respective programme at the Cabinet of Ministers as stipulated 
by Development Finance Institution Law.

--- Page 125 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
34 
 
2 Accounting Policies (cont’d) 
(16) Critical accounting estimates and judgements (cont’d) 
(i) 
Expected credit losses (cont’d) 
In assessment of expected loss for the programme the Group / Company evaluates incorporated credit risk considering the 
Group’s / Company’s activities in high-risk areas operational risk and other risks like market risks. Since the Group’s / Company’s 
client in majority of support programmes is not entitled to cover the full charge of expected credit risk in, then for coverage 
of the programme’s expected loss on credit risk respective portion of public funding available for that programme is allocated 
at full or partial extent of total expected credit loss depending on the agreed programme’s structure and as such is earmarked 
for the credit risk loss coverage. before implementation of that programme. That public funding part allocated for the 
coverage of programme’s expected loss on credit risk is transferred to particular support programme reserve capital within 
the Group’s / Company’s Specific reserves for support programmes and classified as Portfolio Loss reserve (see Note 37), or 
accounted separately as provisions for risk coverage (Risk Coverage reserve) classified within the liabilities (see Note 31). 
If public funding classified within Risk coverage reserve for coverage of particular programme’s expected loss on credit risk 
exceeds actual credit loss incurred during the implementation of the programme, then respective excess portion of that public 
funding is repayable according to the terms of programme funding agreement. 
(ii)  Impairment losses of loans 
In order to assess impairment allowance, the management needs to make assumptions regarding the estimated cash flows 
and their timing related to loans. Significant estimates need to be made in relation to value of the collateral of the loans and 
advances. The assessment of the collateral includes the amounts of such impairment losses covered by Support programme 
funding provided by state, see Note 31. Further details disclosed in Note 2 (5) item (vi). 
Covid-19 impact 
The Group / Company participated in Covid-19 loan moratoria within which upon qualifying client request a deferral of loan 
principal repayment for a short period of time is allowed. For those clients who have got loan repayment relief by the Group 
/ Company between March 12th, 2020 and the day the moratorium came into force (which was 5 May 2020), the Group / 
Company has applied the same conditions as in accordance with the moratorium by the Finance Latvia Association. Similarly, 
individual requests to defer principal repayment for short period of time which were not formally requested under Covid-19 
moratoria after 30 September 2020, but were applied and in their nature were similar, were also excluded. Loan principal 
payment deferrals requested within Covid-19 moratoria framework are exempt from events triggering re-assessment of loan 
staging.. In all cases other risk parameters (including, but not limited to days past due and covenant breaches) were 
monitored and loan staging applied according to standard procedure. 
The Group / Company has recognised uncertainty regarding duration and severity of Covid-19 situation and associated 
possible disruptions to the economy and customers of the Group / Company. Consequently, a prudent new impairment 
overlay for Stage 1 customer loan exposures was introduced. The impairment overlay represents an additional loss reserve 
over the modelled ECL amounts to account for other economic uncertainties. It addresses increased uncertainty regarding 
the forward-looking economic conditions in the current Covid-19 situation. Such future uncertainties which “Point in time” ECL 
models calibrated on historical data, despite being adjusted with forward looking information, might not be fully capturing in 
the current unusual environment. As of 31 December 2020, impairment overlay of EUR 309 thousand for the Group / Company 
has been recognised to address these modelling uncertainties.

--- Page 126 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
35 
 
2 Accounting Policies (cont’d) 
(16) Critical accounting estimates and judgements (cont’d) 
(iii) Impairment losses of loans (cont’d) 
The Group / Company has implemented forward-looking information in the measurement of expected credit losses. The 
forward-looking adjustment incorporates two economic scenarios with distinct economic consequences: a base case 
scenario which comprises most likely future economic development and a less likely adverse scenario. The GDP annual growth 
rates, which are derived from a combination of external macroeconomic forecasts and which are one of the key variables, 
are summarized below: 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
GDP annual growth rate, in % 
 
 
 
Base case scenario * 
 (5.85) 
 5.10  
 4.05  
Adverse scenario ** 
 (6.70) 
 1.30  
 4.80  
Weigthed average *** 
 (6.02) 
 4.34  
 4.20  
 
* Base case scenario incorporates combination of two external scenarios: (i) the Minsitry of Finance’s macroeconomic development 
scenario (published on 28 August 2020), which is the basis for the state budget for 2021 and the medium-term budget framework for 
2021-2023. year – GDP was forecasted to fall by 7.0% in 2020, while economic growth was projected to recover by 5.1% in 2021, with 
GDP growth stabilizing 3,1% in 2022 and 2023t, and (ii) the Bank of Latvia’s forecast presented at press conference held on 29 
September 2020 - GDP was forecasted to fall by 4.7% in 2020, while economic growth was projected to recover by 5.1% in 2021, with 
GDP growth stabilizing 5.0% in 2022. Weigthing of 50% was applied to each base case scenario forecasts – the Ministry of Finance and 
the Bank of Latvia. 
 
** Adverse scenario includes the Bank of Latvia’s forecast presented at press conference held on 29 September 2020 - GDP was 
forecasted to fall by 6.7% in 2020, while economic growth was projected to recover by 1.3% in 2021, with GDP growth stabilizing 4.8% 
in 2022 
 
*** Weigthing of 80% was applied to base case scenario and 20% was applied to adverse case scenario. GDP growth rate forecast for 
2020 is used in calculation of the 12-months ECL, while GDP growth rate forecast for 2021 and 2022 is used calculation of the life-time 
ECL 
(iv) Fair value of investments in the VCF 
The Group’s / Company’s management checks regularly that the value of the underlying investments of the VCFs is properly 
reflected. If the information about investments’ evaluation is not sufficient or does not confirm the value, the management 
needs to make assumptions about the fair value of the VCFs. 
(v) Impairment allowance for securities valued at amortised cost 
Similarly as for loans, the Group / Company estimates expected credit losses to reflect changes in credit risk since initial 
recognition of debt securities. Impairment allowances are recognised based on forward looking information, even if no credit 
loss event has happened. The assessment considers broad range of information, but as most of these types of exposures are 
rated, it relies heavily on external credit ratings and rating agencies’ reported default rates derived by calculating multi-period 
rating transition matrices. Credit risk triggers (event of insolvency, any delay of payments, restructuring of debt) and individual 
credit risk analysis of the issuer are also considered. The Group / Company deems investment grade rated exposures as low 
credit risk, thus these are assumed no to have experienced a significant increase in credit risk. For non-investment grade  
exposures decrease in external credit rating by more than 3 notches since acquisition is deemed significant increase in credit 
risk. Expected credit losses are recognised based on the stage in which the exposure is allocated at the reporting date. 12-
month expected credit losses are recognised for Stage 1 exposures, where credit risk since initial recognition has not increased 
significantly. Lifetime expected credit losses are recognised for Stage 2 exposures whose credit risk has increased significantly 
since initial recognition and Stage 3 exposures which are credit impaired. Stage 3 exposures, if any were identified, would 
additionally be subjected to comprehensive evaluation, including comparison to market valuations for similar exposures, 
analysis of market depth of the respective security, past trading performance and all other available information. 
(vi) Revaluation of investment properties 
The Group / Company carries its investment properties at fair value, with changes in fair value being recognised in the 
statement of profit or loss. The Group / Company engaged an independent valuation specialist to assess fair value as at 31 
December 2020 and 31 December 2019 for investment properties. Investment property consists of agricultural land.

--- Page 127 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
36 
 
2 Accounting Policies (cont’d) 
(16) Critical accounting estimates and judgements (cont’d) 
(v) Revaluation of investment properties (cont’d) 
Comparable transaction method is applied mostly for investment property. More information is provided in Notes 2 (9) item 
(iv) and Note 21. 
(vii) Classification of the 1st, 2nd and 3rd generation VCFs 
The Group / Company considers that it does not control the VCFs even though it owns more than 50% in majority of the VCF. 
Instead, it has been concluded that the Group / Company has significant influence over the VCFs and therefore investments 
in VCFs are classified as Associates and are measured at using the equity method.  
The Group / Company has invested in several VCFs having ownerships of 20% and 33% in two of the VCFs and 64% - 100% in 
rest of them (for more details, please see Note 17). The main reason for the Group / Company to invest in these VCFs is to 
implement a public funding function imposed by the government. Despite the high direct investments and ownership above 
50% in the most of the VCFs, the Group’s / Company’s ability to exercise its power over the VCFs is limited by the terms of the 
agreements signed between the Group / Company and the VCFs managers. The Group / Company has assessed that it 
doesn’t control the VCFs, but can exercise significant influence over them. The Group / Company is forbidden to take part in 
the management of the VCFs’ businesses. However, the Group’s / Company’s representatives are present in different bodies 
of the VCFs (e.g. Advisory Board, Investment Committee, etc.) granting it a right to approve or reject certain limited 
transactions and advising the VCFs managers.  
The Group / Company has to monitor the implementation of financing instruments, select financial intermediaries according 
to legal acts and aim to increase the amount of Investment Fund. The Group / Company could stop the cooperation with the 
VCFs managers only in cases when the VCFs managers cease their operations or illegal actions would be discovered. Under 
these circumstances, the VCFs in question would either be closed – the liquidation process would be initiated, no new 
investments would be made or a search for a new fund manager would be initiated through public tender. The selection of 
a fund manager for implementation of the state aid programmes requires following the legislation on public tenders, as would 
the change of fund managers. According to the law, the replacement of the fund manager can occur only as a result of 
reorganization and selection procedure is costly and time-consuming. The disruption of the cooperation with the fund 
manager would put under threat the implementation of State and EU support programs which is the main goal of the Group 
/ Company given it is a finance development institution. The Group’s / Company’s management considers that the monetary 
amounts required to change the fund manager are material and substantial (the estimated expenses and penalties for fund 
manager removal would range from 2.6% to 5.9% of the net investment in the fund) and along with the abovementioned 
circumstances constitute an obstacle to exercising its power over the VCFs. 
(viii) Classification of the 4th generation VCFs 
In year 2018 active co-operation with Stage 4 VCFs was started. In order to evaluate existence of control or significant 
influence, the Group / Company assessed thoroughly the concluded co-operation agreements applying IFRS 10 control 
criteria and IAS 28 significant influence criteria. 
Upon assessment of all the factors, the rights and obligations arising under the agreements demonstrate that those VCFs over 
which the Group / Company exercises the sole right of dismissing the VCFs’ managers without any additional reasons should 
be treated as the subsidiaries of the Group / Company as the Group / Company has power over the investment object. While 
the investments in these VCFs over which the Group / Company exercises no such right should be treated as associates over 
which the Group / Company has no control, but significant influence. The management of the Group / Company is aware 
that on most occasions the circumstances that point to the power of the Group / Company over the investment will cease to 
exist within two years once the amount of the minimum capital investment is reached. For this reason, once the term has 
expired, the management of the Group / Company will do a repeated assessment of the presence of the control indicators. 
(ix) Monitoring value of investments in VCFs 
In accordance with the Limited Partnership Agreement, the General Partner who is the manager of the VCF and comes from 
the venture capital industry, is fully responsible for all aspects of VCF`s operation, including investment assessment, revaluation 
and determination of impairment if carrying value of investment exceeds recoverable amount. Carrying value and 
impairment is recorded and reported on the fund`s financial statement (audited on an annual basis).

--- Page 128 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
37 
 
2 Accounting Policies (cont’d) 
(16) Critical accounting estimates and judgements (cont’d) 
(viii) Monitoring value of investments in VCFs (cont’d) 
Carrying value of investments made by the VCFs on the funds` financial statement are recorded at fair value complying with 
the Group`s / Company’s accounting policy. However, other aspect is determination of fair value used by funds management 
for making different management decisions, including decisions regarding exit strategy, timing etc. Fair value is reported on 
Funds` Quarterly Investment Reports. The value of the investment is established based on the most appropriate technique 
from the International Private Equity and Venture Capital Valuation Guidelines. The employed methods include Third party 
assessments, Industry Valuation Benchmarks, Discounted cash-flow method and other. 
In accordance with the Group`s / Company’s principles, the Group / Company considers valuations presented by the fund 
management as a reliable source as only professionals with respective experience and proven track record are selected as 
fund managers. However, in order to ensure a sound and transparent finance management, the Group / Company conducts 
a regular monitoring procedure (typically on a quarterly basis) for revaluation of portfolio value of the investments funds. The 
assessment is carried out based on the information presented by funds management. The process is divided into several 
stages: 
▪ Financial Intermediary unit, business owner of venture capital segment, is responsible for initial analysis of Fund`s recorded 
and recognised investment value based on supporting information prepared and sent by fund management. The following 
information is presented by the investment funds for every investment exposure: the current development and dynamic of 
investment, the current financial performance and financial forecasts. It should be noted that the funds specialised in early-
stage investments (mostly, pre-revenue projects) are not able to provide information about financial performance of 
projects. In this case investment scoring approach is used as a base. 
▪ Financial Intermediary unit conducts Q&A sessions with venture capital fund management during which the fund 
management reports about every investment of the portfolio. If supporting information indicates about potential flaws in 
calculations of fair values, adjustment is made. 
▪ Adjusted (if any) information is provided to the Risk Management Department for revision of carrying value, then presented 
on Risk and Asset-Liability Management Committee for final approving before recognized in the Group`s / Company’s 
accounting system. 
If there is evidence of value decrease, the Group / Company calculates decrease of the VCFs’ NAV and recognises the loss 
in the profit or loss. 
(x) Reverse rent 
Exploring the options for recording of reverse rent transactions and IFRS compliance, the management based its opinion on 
the subject matter of the transaction and its economic justification rather than the legal form. As part of assessment of these 
transactions, the management paid much attention to exercising of the reverse repurchase right of the lessee. 
(xi) Agent vs Principal 
For majority of state aid programs, the Group / Company considers that it acts as a Principal. The management of the Group 
/ Company believes that the Group / Company is a Principal since the loan agreements concluded with the clients entail 
contractual rights to loan repayments from the borrowers or other beneficiaries of the investments. Moreover, the loan 
agreements are concluded for full amount of the loan and granted loans are carried as assets in the Group’s / Company’s 
statement of financial position. The investments made comply with the definition of an asset. The Group / Company is 
responsible for providing of the service and can affect the interest rate. However, some programmes have been imposed 
with a limit on the interest rates that cannot be exceeded. The Group / Company believes that the Group / Company is a 
Principal also for state aid programs, which are based on guarantee products, since the Group / Company is exposed to the 
risk of such guarantee agreements concluded with the clients. 
The Group / Company recognises its expenses due to impairment of the loans, guarantees or changes of value of venture 
capital funds in profit or loss for the portion of impairment that refers to the Group / Company (ranging from 20% to 100%). The 
portion of losses that the government reimburses by decreasing the amount of the loan repayable to the government, does 
not affect the Group’s / Company’s profit or loss as the loan received from the government is debited. Assets and liabilities 
are presented in gross values.

--- Page 129 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
38 
 
2 Accounting Policies (cont’d) 
(16) Critical accounting estimates and judgements (cont’d) 
(x) Agent vs Principal (cont’d) 
The interest income received on the loans issued from above mentioned activities and programs includes the amounts 
collected on behalf of and for the benefit of other entities that do not increase the equity capital of the Group / Company 
and therefore cannot be considered as the Group’s / Company’s income. For this reason, the Group / Company carries as 
income only that part of the financial resources of the Loan Fund that is used to cover the management costs of the Loan 
Fund and this amount is included in the profit or loss calculation. 
(xii) Loans below market rate 
The Group / Company implements the state aid programs by pursuing the government’s policy in the national economy and 
supporting small and medium sized entities (SMEs). The funding of the state aid programs may be comprised of the following 
public funding sources – (i) European Union funds, other foreign financial aid, funding from the state budget as well as (ii) own 
funds of the very implementing body. The financing received for implementation of the programs, i.e. for issuing loans to SMEs, 
is interest free. When the public funding for implementation of the state aid programmes is given with an interest rate below 
the effective market rate, the effect of such favourable interest rate, i.e. the difference between the fair value of the liability 
and proceeds received is treated as income-generating government grant. 
Although a fraction of the public funding of some of the state aid programmes implemented by the Group / Company may 
include the funds from the Group’s / Company’s shareholders and state budget funds, this type of funding is not treated as a 
shareholder’s equity contribution since the amount of the public funding earmarked for implementation of the specific state 
aid programme is received in the capacity of the implementing body of the specific state aid programme chosen as a result 
of public selection and not in the capacity of entity implementing the assignment or instructions of its shareholder. 
Further details on guarantees are disclosed in Notes 13 and 38.  
The funding received from the state can be classified into three categories – equity financing (about guarantees see Note 2 
(5) item (xviii), Notes 13 and 38), loans received from the State Treasury (see Notes 19 and 31) and support programmes funding 
(see Note 31). 
(17) Application of new and/or amended IFRS and the interpretations issued by the International Financial Reporting 
Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) 
(i) Initial application of new amendments to the existing standards effective for the current reporting period 
The following amendments to the existing standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and 
adopted by the EU are effective for the current reporting period: 
▪ Amendments to IAS 1 “Presentation of Financial Statements” and IAS 8 “Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting 
Estimates and Errors” - Definition of Material - adopted by the EU on 29 November 2019 (effective for annual periods 
beginning on or after 1 January 2020), 
▪ Amendments to IFRS 3 “Business Combinations” - Definition of a Business - adopted by the EU on 21 April 2020 (effective for 
business combinations for which the acquisition date is on or after the beginning of the first annual reporting period 
beginning on or after 1 January 2020 and to asset acquisitions that occur on or after the beginning of that period), 
▪ Amendments to IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments”, IAS 39 “Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement” and IFRS 7 
“Financial Instruments: Disclosures” - Interest Rate Benchmark Reform - adopted by the EU on 15 January 2020 (effective 
for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2020), 
▪ Amendments to IFRS 16 “Leases” - Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions (adopted by the EU on 9 October 2020 and effective 
at the latest, as from 1 June 2020 for financial years starting on or after 1 January 2020), 
(i) Initial application of new amendments to the existing standards effective for the current reporting period (cont’d) 
Specific disclosures: In the reporting period in which a lessee first applies Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions, a lessee is 
required to disclose the information required by paragraph 28 of IAS 8 – except of point (f) [IFRS 16.C20B]. Additionally, if a 
lessee applies the practical expedient in IFRS 16.46A, the lessee shall disclose [IFRS 16.60A]: 
(a) 
that it has applied the practical expedient to all rent concessions that meet the conditions in IFRS 16.46B or, if not 
applied to all such rent concessions, information about the nature of the contracts to which it has applied the practical 
expedient; and

--- Page 130 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
39 
 
2 Accounting Policies (cont’d) 
(17) Application of new and/or amended IFRS and the interpretations issued by the International Financial Reporting 
Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) (cont’d) 
(b) 
the amount recognised in profit or loss for the reporting period to reflect changes in lease payments that arise from 
rent concessions to which the lessee has applied the practical expedient in IFRS 16.46A. 
▪ Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in IFRS Standards adopted by the EU on 29 November 2019 
(effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2020). 
The adoption of amendments to the existing standards has not led to any material (where the implementation impact was or 
is expected to be reasonably material it is disclosed) changes in the Group’s / Company’s financial statements. 
(iii) Standards and amendments to the existing standards issued by IASB and adopted by the EU but not yet effective 
At the date of authorisation of these financial statements, the following amendments to the existing standards were issued by 
IASB and adopted by the EU and which are not yet effective: 
▪ Amendments to IFRS 4 Insurance Contracts “Extension of the Temporary Exemption from Applying IFRS 9” adopted by the 
EU on 16 December 2020 (the expiry date for the temporary exemption from IFRS 9 was extended from 1 January 2021 to 
annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023), 
▪ Amendments to IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments”, IAS 39 “Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement”, IFRS 7 
“Financial Instruments: Disclosures”, IFRS 4 “Insurance Contracts” and IFRS 16 “Leases” - Interest Rate Benchmark Reform — 
Phase 2 adopted by the EU on 13 January 2021 (effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2021). 
Most of the Group’s / Company’s floating-rate loans to customers are indexed to Euribor interest rate. The reform of Euribor is 
now complete and consisted of a change to the underlying calculation methodology. The calculation methodology of 
Euribor changed during 2019. Market participants are allowed to continue to use Euribor for both existing and new contracts. 
The Group / Company expects that Euribor will continue to exist as a benchmark rate for the foreseeable future. Thus, the 
Group / Company does not consider contracts indexed to the Euribor benchmark interest rate to be directly affected by 
uncertainty about interbank offered rate (IBOR) reform. The Group / Company as of 31 December 2020 has no outstanding 
derivative exposures or liabilities which would be affected by IBOR reform 
(iii) New standards and amendments to the existing standards issued by IASB but not yet adopted by the EU 
At present, IFRS as adopted by the EU do not significantly differ from regulations adopted by the International Accounting 
Standards Board (IASB) except for the following new standards and amendments to the existing standards, which were not 
endorsed for use in EU as at [date of publication of financial statements] (the effective dates stated below is for IFRS as issued 
by IASB):  
▪ IFRS 14 “Regulatory Deferral Accounts” (effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2016) - the European 
Commission has decided not to launch the endorsement process of this interim standard and to wait for the final standard, 
▪ Amendments to IAS 1 “Presentation of Financial Statements” - Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-Current (effective 
for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023), 
▪ Amendments to IAS 1 “Presentation of Financial Statements” - Disclosure of Accounting Policies (effective for annual periods 
beginning on or after 1 January 2023), 
▪ Amendments to IAS 8 “Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors” - Definition of Accounting 
Estimates (effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023), 
▪ Amendments to IAS 16 “Property, Plant and Equipment” - Proceeds before Intended Use (effective for annual periods 
beginning on or after 1 January 2022),  
▪ Amendments to IAS 37 “Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets” - Onerous Contracts — Cost of Fulfilling a 
Contract (effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022), 
▪ Amendments to IFRS 3 “Business Combinations” - Reference to the Conceptual Framework with amendments to IFRS 3 
(effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022),

--- Page 131 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
40 
 
2 Accounting Policies (cont’d) 
(17) Application of new and/or amended IFRS and the interpretations issued by the International Financial Reporting 
Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) (cont’d) 
▪ Amendments to IFRS 10 “Consolidated Financial Statements” and IAS 28 “Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures” - 
Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture and further amendments (effective 
date deferred indefinitely until the research project on the equity method has been concluded), 
▪ Amendments to various standards due to “Improvements to IFRSs (cycle 2018 -2020)” resulting from the annual 
improvement project of IFRS (IFRS 1, IFRS 9, IFRS 16 and IAS 41) primarily with a view to removing inconsistencies and clarifying 
wording (The amendments to IFRS 1, IFRS 9 and IAS 41 are effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022. 
The amendment to IFRS 16 only regards an illustrative example, so no effective date is stated.). 
The Group / Company makes further assessment on the impact of these new standards and amendments, but the Group / 
Company anticipates that the adoption of these new standards and amendments to the existing standards will have no 
material impact on the financial statements of the Group / Company in the period of initial application.

--- Page 132 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
41 
 
3 Risk Management 
For risk management, the Group / Company has developed a risk management system that takes into account its size, 
structure and operational characteristics as well as restricted options for management of certain risks. The Group / Company 
manages the risks affecting its operations in compliance with the risk management internal regulatory documents approved 
by the Group / Company that detail and establish the aggregate of measures used in management of the risks inherent to its 
operations.  
The following major risk management principles are followed: 
▪ risk management is a component of every-day functions; 
▪ the Group / Company identifies and assesses the probable risks before launching of new products or services; 
▪ while assuming the risks the companies forming the Group / Company are capable of long-term pursuit of the delegated 
aims and assignments; 
▪ the Group / Company does not enter into transactions, operations, etc. entailing risks that endanger its operational stability 
or may result in substantial damage to its reputation. 
In its risk management the Group / Company makes use of various risk analysis methods and instruments as well as establishes 
risk limits and restrictions. 
The major risks that the Group / Company is exposed to are credit, liquidity and operational risks. 
(1) Credit Risk 
The credit risk is a risk that a customer or cooperation partner of the Group / Company is unable or unwilling to meet its liabilities 
towards the Group / Company in full and within the established term. Since the Group / Company is delegated 
implementation of the state aid programmes, it is mainly exposed to credit risk through its lending, guarantees to the third 
parties and other off-balance liabilities towards the third parties. The Group / Company is also subject to the credit risk due to 
its investment activities. Credit risk also includes concentration risk, which means large individual exposures as well as significant 
exposures to groups of customers or cooperation partners whose probability of default is driven by common underlying factors, 
such as sector, economy or type of instrument. 
(i) 
Credit Risk Governance 
Credit risk governance is set in the Group’s / Company’s Risk Management Policy and Credit Policy: 
▪ The overall risk appetite, decided by the Supervisory Board, is broken down into detailed risk limits and target levels for 
different sectors, geographies and products, but also to certain limits of each customer or cooperation partner and group 
of connected customers or cooperation partners. 
▪ The business units are responsible for the credit operation, including the credit process and the credit risks stemming from 
all customers or cooperation partners within the unit. The business unit shall ensure that all credit risk exposures are assessed, 
decided, administrated, and followed-up according to the credit framework, including establishing an integrated internal 
control of high quality in the credit process. The business unit shall also make sure that the credit risk exposures are in line 
with the Group’s / Company’s strategies, policies, and instructions.  
▪ The Risk Management Department is responsible for independent monitoring and control of credit risk management. The 
primary responsibility of the Risk Management Department is to maintain, develop and monitor the risk limits and the risk 
classification systems. The risk limit framework identifies areas where restrictions need to be set, in order to make sure that 
the portfolios exposed to the credit risk will stay within the decided risk appetite. The Risk Management Department is also 
responsible of controlling compliance to internal credit rules. 
▪ The Internal Audit performs independent periodic reviews of the credit governance and the system of internal control. 
(ii) Credit Risk Assessment and Monitoring 
The key principle of credit risk management in the Group / Company is the ability of the customers or cooperation partners 
to meet their liabilities towards the Group / Company, which is achieved by assessment of the customer and co-operation 
partner prior to transaction, as well as further continuous monitoring and evaluation. 
To maintain a well-diversified credit portfolio with a low-risk profile and to find a favourable balance between risk and return, 
the Group / Company works continuously to understand the customers and their market conditions. 
When the Group / Company considers a credit application, a thorough analysis is performed which includes the customer’s 
or cooperation partner’s capacity and willingness to repay the new credit as well as other credits.

--- Page 133 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
42 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(1) Credit Risk (cont’d) 
A customer’s or cooperation partner’s cash flow and solvency are always key variables when deciding on credit and the 
Group / Company strives to obtain adequate collateral. 
The risk profile of the portfolios exposed to credit risk is continuously analysed. For portfolio segments and individual customers 
or cooperation partners where the risk of default appears higher, reviews are performed more frequently. If a customer’s or 
cooperation partner’s risk profile has deteriorated, a number of corrective measures are considered and implemented. Each 
business unit is responsible for monitoring signals and conditions that might suggest that the level of credit risk in individual 
exposures has increased. In such situations a series of customised actions should be taken without delay to minimise the 
Group’s / Company’s risk or losses. A special restructuring and recovering unit supports the business units when the risk 
associated with a certain exposure has increased and it provides expertise in managing insolvency and restructuring cases. 
(iii) Credit Risk Mitigation 
The Group/Company reduces its exposure to credit risk by securing a pledge or other collateral adequate to the risk 
transaction and provisions of the target programme. The collateral, its value and risk mitigating effect is considered throughout 
the credit process. The term collateral covers pledges and guarantees. Credits without collateral are mainly granted for small 
loans. Special loan covenants are commonly created which entitle The Group/Company to renegotiate or terminate the 
agreement if the borrower’s repayment capacity deteriorates, or if the covenants are otherwise breached. 
The valuation of collateral is based on a thorough review and analysis of the pledged assets, and is an integrated part in the 
credit risk assessment of the customer. The establishment of the collateral value is part of the credit decision. The value of the 
collateral is reassessed within periodic credit reviews of the borrower and in situations where The Group/Company has reason 
to believe that the value has deteriorated or the exposure has become a problem loan. 
 
Breakdown of the Group’s / Company’s loans by internal rating categories, in thousands of euro: 
Internal rating categories 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
G 
H 
Withdrawn 
rating 
Total 
Total gross loans 
 166  
 25 773  
 32 949  
 55 825  
 48 562  
 32 890  
 13 785  
 2 905  
 27 557  
 240 412  
Impairment allowances 
 (1) 
 (213) 
 (1 077) 
 (1 912) 
 (3 458) 
 (4 907) 
 (3 680) 
 (850) 
 (4 185) 
 (20 283) 
Total net loans as at 31 December 2019 
 165  
 25 560  
 31 872  
 53 913  
 45 104  
 27 983  
 10 105  
 2 055  
 23 372  
 220 129  
Total gross loans 
 1 339  
 37 997  
 44 937  
 80 624  
 94 630  
 29 491  
 13 219  
 2 415  
 29 329  
 333 981  
Impairment allowances 
 (26) 
 (425) 
 (1 326) 
 (3 219) 
 (5 391) 
 (4 831) 
 (2 518) 
 (666) 
 (2 311) 
 (20 713) 
Total net loans as at 31 December 2020 
 1 313  
 37 572  
 43 611  
 77 405  
 89 239  
 24 660  
 10 701  
 1 749  
 27 018  
 313 268  
 
 
Breakdown of the Group’s / Company’s issued guarantees by internal rating categories, in thousands of euro: 
Internal rating categories 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
G 
H 
Withdrawn 
rating 
Total 
Total gross outstanding guarantees 
 913  
 17 025  
 37 806  
 35 370  
 26 933  
 12 157  
 8 580  
 1 617  
 143 831  
 284 232  
Impairment allowances * 
 (10) 
 (1 405) 
 (3 422) 
 (3 231) 
 (2 213) 
 (2 902) 
 (1 220) 
 (729) 
 (15 475) 
 (30 607) 
Total net outstanding guarantees as at 31 
December 2019 
 903  
 15 620  
 34 384  
 32 139  
 24 720  
 9 255  
 7 360  
 888  
 128 356  
 253 625  
Total gross outstanding guarantees 
 907  
 18 082  
 44 996  
 53 817  
 50 424  
 12 843  
 4 385  
 1 623  
 172 528  
 359 605  
Impairment allowances * 
 (15) 
 (775) 
 (2 891) 
 (3 755) 
 (5 532) 
 (1 235) 
 (584) 
 (632) 
 (15 994) 
 (31 413) 
Total net outstanding guarantees as at 31 
December 2020 
 892  
 17 307  
 42 105  
 50 062  
 44 892  
 11 608  
 3 801  
 991  
 156 534  
 328 192  
 
* The Group / Company uses internal rating for assessment of credit risk to decide on issuing of financial guarantee and for further monitoring of 
credit risk. Internal rating assigned to a guarantee is one of several factors that has been considered when the ECL is measured. Impairment 
allowance for guarantees is recognised as the largest of the ECL and fair value of liabilities.

--- Page 134 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
43 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(1) Credit Risk (cont’d) 
Breakdown of the Group’s financial assets, off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities by their qualitative assessment, 
in thousands of euro: 
 
 
Stage 1 
 
Stage 2 
 
Stage 3 
 
Total 
 
 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
Financial assets at AC 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due from credit institutions and the 
Treasury 
 359 949  
 181 201  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 359 949  
 181 201  
Impairment allowances 
 -    
 (2) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (2) 
Total net due from credit institutions and 
the Treasury 
 359 949  
 181 199  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 359 949  
 181 199  
Investment securities 
 407  
 439  
 -    
 -    
 3 433  
 3 926  
 3 840  
 4 365  
Impairment allowances 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (3 399) 
 (3 887) 
 (3 399) 
 (3 887) 
Total net investment securities 
 407  
 439  
 -    
 -    
 34  
 39  
 441  
 478  
Loans and receivables 
 274 294  
 186 175  
 32 012  
 18 239  
 27 675  
 35 998  
 333 981  
 240 412  
Impairment allowances * 
 (6 966) 
 (2 548) 
 (3 506) 
 (2 646) 
 (10 240) 
 (15 089) 
 (20 712) 
 (20 283) 
Total net loans and receivables 
 267 328  
 183 627  
 28 506  
 15 593  
 17 435  
 20 909  
 313 269  
 220 129  
Grants 
 31 282  
 17 198  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 31 282  
 17 198  
Impairment allowances 
 (175) 
 (12) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (175) 
 (12) 
Total net grants 
 31 107  
 17 186  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 31 107  
 17 186  
Other financial assets 
 2 507  
 1 830  
 -    
 -    
 3 096  
 3 341  
 5 603  
 5 171  
Impairment allowances 
 (34) 
 (113) 
 -    
 -    
 (1 926) 
 (2 769) 
 (1 960) 
 (2 882) 
Total net other financial assets 
 2 473  
 1 717  
 -    
 -    
 1 170  
 572  
 3 643  
 2 289  
Total financial assets at AC 
 668 439  
 386 843  
 32 012  
 18 239  
 34 204  
 43 265  
 734 655  
 448 347  
Impairment allowances 
 (7 175) 
 (2 675) 
 (3 506) 
 (2 646) 
 (15 565) 
 (21 745) 
 (26 246) 
 (27 066) 
Total net financial assets at AC 
 661 264  
 384 168  
 28 506  
 15 593  
 18 639  
 21 520  
 708 409  
 421 281  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Financial assets at FVOCI 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Investment securities 
 36 958  
 47 941  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 36 958  
 47 941  
Impairment allowances 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Total net investment securities 
 36 958  
 47 941  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 36 958  
 47 941  
Total financial assets at FVOCI 
 36 958  
 47 941  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 36 958  
 47 941  
Impairment allowances 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Total net financial assets at FVOCI 
 36 958  
 47 941  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 36 958  
 47 941  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Off-balance sheet items and 
contingent liabilities 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Outstanding guarantees 
 348 115  
 274 989  
 6 995  
 2 098  
 4 495  
 7 145  
 359 605  
 284 232  
Impairment allowances * 
 (27 769) 
 (24 711) 
 (817) 
 (356) 
 (2 827) 
 (5 540) 
 (31 413) 
 (30 607) 
Total net outstanding guarantees 
 320 346  
 250 278  
 6 178  
 1 742  
 1 668  
 1 605  
 328 192  
 253 625  
Loan commitments 
 36 514  
 18 867  
 2 834  
 84  
 -    
 -    
 39 348  
 18 951  
Impairment allowances * 
 (949) 
 (455) 
 (65) 
 (3) 
 -    
 -    
 (1 014) 
 (458) 
Total net loan commitments 
 35 565  
 18 412  
 2 769  
 81  
 -    
 -    
 38 334  
 18 493  
Grant commitments 
 6 798  
 7 726  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 6 798  
 7 726  
Impairment allowances 
 (74) 
 (11) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (74) 
 (11) 
Total net grant commitments 
 6 724  
 7 715  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 6 724  
 7 715  
Total off-balance items and contingent 
liabilities 
 391 427  
 301 582  
 9 829  
 2 182  
 4 495  
 7 145  
 405 751  
 310 909  
Impairment allowances 
 (28 792) 
 (25 177) 
 (882) 
 (359) 
 (2 827) 
 (5 540) 
 (32 501) 
 (31 076) 
Total net off-balance items and 
contingent liabilities 
 362 635  
 276 405  
 8 947  
 1 823  
 1 668  
 1 605  
 373 250  
 279 833  
 
* Includes impairment allowances of EUR 6,244 thousand covered by Portfolio Loss Reserve (Special Reserve Capital) upon 
approval of the 2020 annual report. In the distribution of the 2020 profit, it will be directly attributed to the reduction of the 
Portfolio Loss Reserve, thus the 2020 result which will be allocated to Reserves will improve. Additional information available in 
Note 37.

--- Page 135 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
44 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(1) Credit Risk (cont’d) 
Breakdown of the Company’s financial assets, off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities by their qualitative 
assessment, in thousands of euro: 
 
 
Stage 1 
 
Stage 2 
 
Stage 3 
 
Total 
 
 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
Financial assets at AC 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due from credit institutions and the 
Treasury 
 359 949  
 181 049  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 359 949  
 181 049  
Impairment allowances 
 -    
 (2) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (2) 
Total net due from credit institutions and 
the Treasury 
 359 949  
 181 047  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 359 949  
 181 047  
Investment securities 
 407  
 439  
 -    
 -    
 3 433  
 3 926  
 3 840  
 4 365  
Impairment allowances 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (3 399) 
 (3 887) 
 (3 399) 
 (3 887) 
Total net investment securities 
 407  
 439  
 -    
 -    
 34  
 39  
 441  
 478  
Loans and receivables 
 274 294  
 186 175  
 32 012  
 18 239  
 27 675  
 35 998  
 333 981  
 240 412  
Impairment allowances * 
 (6 966) 
 (2 548) 
 (3 506) 
 (2 646) 
 (10 240) 
 (15 089) 
 (20 712) 
 (20 283) 
Total net loans and receivables 
 267 328  
 183 627  
 28 506  
 15 593  
 17 435  
 20 909  
 313 269  
 220 129  
Grants 
 31 282  
 17 198  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 31 282  
 17 198  
Impairment allowances 
 (175) 
 (12) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (175) 
 (12) 
Total net grants 
 31 107  
 17 186  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 31 107  
 17 186  
Other financial assets 
 2 363  
 1 830  
 -    
 -    
 3 205  
 3 341  
 5 568  
 5 171  
Impairment allowances 
 (34) 
 (113) 
 -    
 -    
 (1 926) 
 (2 769) 
 (1 960) 
 (2 882) 
Total net other financial assets 
 2 329  
 1 717  
 -    
 -    
 1 279  
 572  
 3 608  
 2 289  
Total financial assets at AC 
 668 295  
 386 691  
 32 012  
 18 239  
 34 313  
 43 265  
 734 620  
 448 195  
Impairment allowances 
 (7 175) 
 (2 675) 
 (3 506) 
 (2 646) 
 (15 565) 
 (21 745) 
 (26 246) 
 (27 066) 
Total net financial assets at AC 
 661 120  
 384 016  
 28 506  
 15 593  
 18 748  
 21 520  
 708 374  
 421 129  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Financial assets at FVOCI 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Investment securities 
 36 958  
 47 941  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 36 958  
 47 941  
Impairment allowances 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Total net investment securities 
 36 958  
 47 941  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 36 958  
 47 941  
Total financial assets at FVOCI 
 36 958  
 47 941  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 36 958  
 47 941  
Impairment allowances 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Total net financial assets at FVOCI 
 36 958  
 47 941  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 36 958  
 47 941  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Off-balance sheet items and 
contingent liabilities 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Outstanding guarantees 
 348 115  
 274 989  
 6 995  
 2 098  
 4 495  
 7 145  
 359 605  
 284 232  
Impairment allowances * 
 (27 769) 
 (24 711) 
 (817) 
 (356) 
 (2 827) 
 (5 540) 
 (31 413) 
 (30 607) 
Total net outstanding guarantees 
 320 346  
 250 278  
 6 178  
 1 742  
 1 668  
 1 605  
 328 192  
 253 625  
Loan commitments 
 36 514  
 18 867  
 2 834  
 84  
 -    
 -    
 39 348  
 18 951  
Impairment allowances * 
 (949) 
 (455) 
 (65) 
 (3) 
 -    
 -    
 (1 014) 
 (458) 
Total net loan commitments 
 35 565  
 18 412  
 2 769  
 81  
 -    
 -    
 38 334  
 18 493  
Grant commitments 
 6 798  
 7 726  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 6 798  
 7 726  
Impairment allowances 
 (74) 
 (11) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (74) 
 (11) 
Total net grant commitments 
 6 724  
 7 715  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 6 724  
 7 715  
Total off-balance items and contingent 
liabilities 
 391 427  
 301 582  
 9 829  
 2 182  
 4 495  
 7 145  
 405 751  
 310 909  
Impairment allowances 
 (28 792) 
 (25 177) 
 (882) 
 (359) 
 (2 827) 
 (5 540) 
 (32 501) 
 (31 076) 
Total net off-balance items and 
contingent liabilities 
 362 635  
 276 405  
 8 947  
 1 823  
 1 668  
 1 605  
 373 250  
 279 833  
 
* Includes impairment allowances of EUR 6,244 thousand covered by Portfolio Loss Reserve (Special Reserve Capital) upon 
approval of the 2020 annual report. In the distribution of the 2020 profit, it will be directly attributed to the reduction of the 
Portfolio Loss Reserve, thus the 2020 result which will be allocated to Reserves will improve. Additional information available in 
Note 37.

--- Page 136 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
45 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(1) Credit Risk (cont’d) 
Changes in the Group’s / Company’s credit loss allowance and gross carrying amount for loans, in thousands of euro: 
 
 
Credit loss allowance 
Gross carrying amount 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
As at 31 December 2019 
 2 548  
 2 646  
 15 089  
 20 283  
 186 175  
 18 239  
 35 998  
 240 412  
Movements with impact on credit loss 
allowance charge for the period: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Transfers between stages: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
from Stage 1 to Stage 2 
 (329) 
 1 016  
 -    
 687  
 (17 884) 
 16 834  
 -    
 (1 050) 
to credit impaired (from Stage 1 and Stage 2 
to Stage 3) 
 (22) 
 (275) 
 904  
 607  
 (2 341) 
 (2 185) 
 4 303  
 (223) 
from Stage 3 to Stage 2 
 -    
 96  
 (728) 
 (632) 
 -    
 2 587  
 (2 972) 
 (385) 
to 12-months ECL (from Stage 2 and Stage 3 
to Stage 1) 
 233  
 (725) 
 (64) 
 (556) 
 5 642  
 (6 429) 
 (345) 
 (1 132) 
New originated or purchased 
 2 316  
 229  
 286  
 2 831  
 124 328  
 4 733  
 522  
 129 583  
Derecognised during the period 
 (165) 
 (7) 
 (856) 
 (1 028) 
 (14 100) 
 (809) 
 (3 358) 
 (18 267) 
Changes to ECL measurement model 
assumptions (PD, LGD) 
 (160) 
 (56) 
 (263) 
 (479) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Changes to ECL measurement model 
assumptions (macroeconomic factors) 
 2 150  
 613  
 88  
 2 851  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Other movements 
 657  
 261  
 (374) 
 544  
 7  
 -    
 -    
 7  
Total movements with impact on credit loss 
allowance charge for the period: 
 4 680  
 1 152  
 (1 007) 
 4 825  
 95 652  
 14 731  
 (1 850) 
 108 533  
Movements without impact on credit loss 
allowance charge for the period: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Write-offs 
 -    
 -    
 (3 664) 
 (3 664) 
 -    
 -    
 (3 664) 
 (3 664) 
Foreign exchange gains and losses and 
other movements 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Change of outstanding balance * 
 (262) 
 (292) 
 (178) 
 (732) 
 (7 533) 
 (958) 
 (2 809) 
 (11 300) 
Total movements without impact on credit 
loss allowance charge for the period: 
 (262) 
 (292) 
 (3 842) 
 (4 396) 
 (7 533) 
 (958) 
 (6 473) 
 (14 964) 
As at 31 December 2020 
 6 966  
 3 506  
 10 240  
 20 712  
 274 294  
 32 012  
 27 675  
 333 981  
 
* Change of outstanding balnce includes cash flows from repayment of principal 
Changes in the Group’s / Company’s credit loss allowance and gross carrying amount for outstanding guarantees, in 
thousands of euro: 
 
 
Credit loss allowance 
Gross carrying amount 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
As at 31 December 2019 
 24 711  
 356  
 5 540  
 30 607  
 274 989  
 2 098  
 7 145  
 284 232  
Movements with impact on credit loss 
allowance charge for the period: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Transfers between stages: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
from Stage 1 to Stage 2 
 (456) 
 662  
 -    
 206  
 (5 668) 
 5 437  
 -    
 (231) 
to credit impaired (from Stage 1 and Stage 2 
to Stage 3) 
 (56) 
 (78) 
 1 356  
 1 222  
 (409) 
 (1 648) 
 1 891  
 (166) 
from Stage 3 to Stage 2 
 -    
 1  
 (8) 
 (7) 
 -    
 7  
 (8) 
 (1) 
to 12-months ECL (from Stage 2 and Stage 3 
to Stage 1) 
 5  
 (7) 
 -    
 (2) 
 51  
 (51) 
 -    
 -    
New originated or purchased 
 9 745  
 145  
 282  
 10 172  
 129 080  
 1 496  
 437  
 131 013  
Derecognised during the period 
 (1 563) 
 (261) 
 (3 052) 
 (4 876) 
 (24 978) 
 (341) 
 (4 171) 
 (29 490) 
Changes to ECL measurement model 
assumptions (PD, LGD) 
 8  
 (13) 
 (448) 
 (453) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Changes to ECL measurement model 
assumptions (macroeconomic factors) 
 (9) 
 15  
 47  
 53  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Other movements 
 (2) 
 -    
 (686) 
 (688) 
 (32) 
 -    
 (798) 
 (830) 
Total movements with impact on credit loss 
allowance charge for the period: 
 7 672  
 464  
 (2 509) 
 5 627  
 98 044  
 4 900  
 (2 649) 
 100 295  
Movements without impact on credit loss 
allowance charge for the period: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Foreign exchange gains and losses and 
other movements 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Change of outstanding balance * 
 (4 614) 
 (3) 
 (204) 
 (4 821) 
 (24 918) 
 (3) 
 (1) 
 (24 922) 
Total movements without impact on credit 
loss allowance charge for the period: 
 (4 614) 
 (3) 
 (204) 
 (4 821) 
 (24 918) 
 (3) 
 (1) 
 (24 922) 
As at 31 December 2020 
 27 769  
 817  
 2 827  
 31 413  
 348 115  
 6 995  
 4 495  
 359 605  
 
* Change of outstanding balance includes cash flows from repayment of principal of underlying loan

--- Page 137 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
46 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(1) Credit Risk (cont’d) 
Aging analysis of the loans issued by the Group / Company, in thousands of euro: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
Performing  
 313 856  
 208 665  
 313 856  
 208 665  
Past due up to 30 days  
 9 339  
 14 193  
 9 339  
 14 193  
Past due from 31 to 60 days  
 445  
 2 278  
 445  
 2 278  
Past due from 61 to 90 days  
 217  
 230  
 217  
 230  
Past due over 90 days 
 10 124  
 15 045  
 10 124  
 15 045  
Total gross loans, without interest accrued on the loans  
 333 981  
 240 411  
 333 981  
 240 411  
Impairment allowances 
 (20 713) 
 (20 283) 
 (20 713) 
 (20 283) 
Total net loans 
 313 268  
 220 128  
 313 268  
 220 128  
 
The Group / Company has performed sensitivity analysis of the Group’s / Company’s credit loss allowance for loans and 
outstanding guarantees using two macro-economic factors in assessment of the ECL – change in real estate prices and 
change in GDP. 
For the purpose of sensitivity analysis, the Group / Company applied the following upward and downward scenarios: 
▪ the 1st year projected real estate prices were adjusted by +/- 5% and this adjustment was applied to LGD used to calculate 
the ECL; 
▪ the 1st year projected GDP were adjusted by +/- 1% and this adjustment was applied to the marginal PD used to calculate 
the ECL. 
Results of the Group’s / Company’s sensitivity analysis of the Group’s / Company’s credit loss allowance for loans as at 31 
December 2020, thousands of euro: 
 
 
Change in GDP 
Change in real estate prices 
 
Gross carrying 
amount 
+ 1% 
 
- 1% 
 
+ 5% 
 
- 5% 
 
Credit loss allowance for loans 
 20 713  
 (381) 
 377  
 (331) 
 289  
Total credit loss allowance for loans  
 20 713  
 (381) 
 377  
 (331) 
 289  
 
Results of the Group’s / Company’s sensitivity analysis of the Group’s / Company’s credit loss allowance for loans as at 31 
December 2019, thousands of euro: 
 
 
Change in GDP 
Change in real estate prices 
 
Gross carrying 
amount 
+ 1% 
 
- 1% 
 
+ 5% 
 
- 5% 
 
Credit loss allowance for loans 
 20 283  
 (334) 
 346  
 (415) 
 341  
Total credit loss allowance for loans  
 20 283  
 (334) 
 346  
 (415) 
 341  
 
Results of the Group’s / Company’s sensitivity analysis of the Group’s / Company’s credit loss allowance for outstanding 
guarantees as at 31 December 2020, thousands of euro: 
 
 
Change in GDP 
Change in real estate prices 
 
Gross carrying 
amount 
+ 1% 
 
- 1% 
 
+ 5% 
 
- 5% 
 
Credit loss allowance for outstanding guarantees 
 31 413  
 (148) 
 155  
 (17) 
 18  
Total credit loss allowance for loans  
 31 413  
 (148) 
 155  
 (17) 
 18  
 
Results of the Group’s / Company’s sensitivity analysis of the Group’s / Company’s credit loss allowance for outstanding 
guarantees as at 31 December 2019, thousands of euro: 
 
 
Change in GDP 
Change in real estate prices 
 
Gross carrying 
amount 
+ 1% 
 
- 1% 
 
+ 5% 
 
- 5% 
 
Credit loss allowance for outstanding guarantees 
 30 607  
 (4) 
 5  
 (214) 
 215  
Total credit loss allowance for loans  
 30 607  
 (4) 
 5  
 (214) 
 215  
 
In calculating the ECL due to default on loan principal or interest payments or other loss events the following is taken into 
account collateral, including real estate and commercial pledges measured at market value. The value of collateral is based

--- Page 138 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
47 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(1) Credit Risk (cont’d) 
on the valuations performed by independent valuers. 
Information on the value of collateral assessed at fair value and position against net loan portfolio, in thousands of euro : 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
Real estate (loans) 
 178 614  
 155 057  
 178 614  
 155 057  
Real estate (leaseback) 
 30 536  
 14 774  
 30 536  
 14 774  
Movable property 
 52 619  
 25 659  
 52 619  
 25 659  
Guarantees  
 3 048  
 1 672  
 3 048  
 1 672  
Total collateral 
 264 817  
 197 162  
 264 817  
 197 162  
Loan portfolio, gross  
 333 981  
 240 411  
 333 981  
 240 411  
Impairment allowances 
 (20 713) 
 (20 283) 
 (20 713) 
 (20 283) 
Loan portfolio, net 
 313 268  
 220 128  
 313 268  
 220 128  
Exposed 
15.47% 
10.43% 
15.47% 
10.43% 
 
The Group’s / Company’s maximum credit risk exposures of the balance and off-balance sheet items (not including collateral 
held or other security), in thousands of euro: 
 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
Assets exposed to credit risk 
  
  
  
  
Due from credit institutions and the Treasury 
 359 949  
 181 199  
 359 949  
 181 047  
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income - 
investment securities 
 36 958  
 47 941  
 36 958  
 47 941  
Financial assets at amortised cost: 
  
  
  
  
Investment securities 
 441  
 478  
 441  
 478  
Loans and receivables 
 313 268  
 220 129  
 313 268  
 220 129  
Grants 
 31 107  
 17 186  
 31 107  
 17 186  
Other investments 
 7 503  
 250  
 7 503  
 250  
Investments in associates 
 47 988  
 52 293  
 47 988  
 52 293  
Other assets 
 3 671  
 3 570  
 3 636  
 3 570  
Total 
 800 885  
 523 046  
 800 850  
 522 894  
Off-balance sheet items exposed to credit risk 
  
  
  
  
Contingent liabilities (Note 21) 
 359 605  
 284 232  
 359 605  
 284 232  
Financial commitments (Note 21)  
 178 073  
 97 149  
 188 488  
 110 620  
Total 
 537 678  
 381 381  
 548 093  
 394 852  
 
Part of subitem “Loans and receivables” are loans to agriculture segment (see Note 19) that are secured by agricultural land 
with a cautious valuation. Loans to other segments are secured mostly by real estate, to a lesser extent – by other types of 
assets or commercial pledges. The expected cash flows from collateral are taken into account when estimating impairment 
allowances for expected credit losses. Risk Coverage Reserve and Specific Reserve Capital is available to the Group / 
Company to cover expected credit losses arising from deterioration of quality of loan portfolio. For more detailed information 
on Risk Coverage Reserve and Specific Reserve Capital see Note 31 and Note 37. 
As at 31 December 2020, part of the Group’s / Company’s assets in amount of EUR 124,087 thousand (31 December 2019: EUR 
117,222 thousand) were pledged. As at 31 December 2020, the Group / Company shall ensure that the Group’s / Company’s 
assets of its total assets at least in the amount of EUR 135 000 thousand are free from any pledge. Detailed information on the 
Group’s / Company’s outstanding loan agreement as at 31 December 2020 is provided in Note 29 and Note 30. 
Article 37 of the Law on State Budget 2020 and Article 37 of the Law on State Budget 2021 provides that guarantees issued by 
Altum in amount of EUR 270 000 thousand is backed by the state according to Agriculture and Rural Development Law and 
Development Finance Institution Law. Since Altum issued guarantees are backed by state budget, the underlying loans with 
Altum guarantees are aligned as loans with state guarantee and the commercial banks for such loans can apply lower risk 
weight in capital adequacy calculation. This back up guarantee via state budget as well as received public funding for credit 
risk coverage in Risk Coverage Reserve (see Note 31) as well as Portfolio Loss Reserve (see Note 37) explicitly demonstrates the 
state position towards Altum with critical role undertaken in development of economy. Actual amount of issued guarantees 
as at 31 December 2020 was EUR 251,701 thousand (31 December 2019: EUR 250,144 thousand).

--- Page 139 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
48 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(2) Liquidity Risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group / Company is unable to meet its contractual or contingent obligations, that it does not 
have the appropriate amount of funding and liquidity to support its assets or, in case of necessity, the resources might not be 
available to it on the market, and/or it might be unable to dispose of positions without considerable losses and in a short period 
of time to ensure the necessary liquidity. 
The objective of liquidity risk management is to maintain liquid assets of sufficient size and quality, as well as to attract financing 
with appropriate maturity structure, which ensures timely fulfilment of liabilities as well as planned increase of assets. 
The Group / Company implements a prudent liquidity risk management policy. Consequently, the focus of liquidity 
management is on balancing of existing and planned portfolio under each support programmes and the amount and timing 
of funding available for their implementation. 
Given that the repayment term for funding under the support programmes can be extended in accordance with the Cabinet 
of Ministers regulations, this means in practice that this funding remains on the Group’s / Company's balance sheet and that 
funding is reallocated to new programmes. 
The Risk and Asset-Liabilities Management Committee is responsible for the monitoring and management of liquidity risk in 
accordance with the Group's / Company's Resource Management Strategy and the Group's / Company's Risk Management 
Strategy. 
 
Maturity profile of the Group’s expected undiscounted future cash flows of financial liabilities, off-balance liabilities and liquid 
assets as at 31 December 2020, in thousands of euro: 
 
Up to 1 
year * 
1 to 5 years 
5 to 10 years 
10 to 15 
years 
Over 15 
years and 
w/o maturity 
Total 
Due to credit institutions 
 12 468  
 53 399  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 65 867  
Due to general governments 
 311  
 4 741  
 9 544  
 -    
 89 553  
 104 149  
Issued debt securities 
 824  
 68 107  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 68 931  
Support programme funding ** 
 3 444  
 46 655  
 63 006  
 26 521  
 52 337  
 191 963  
Other liabilities 
 1 718  
 1 170  
 -    
 13  
 -    
 2 901  
Total financial liabilities  
 18 765  
 174 072  
 72 550  
 26 534  
 141 890  
 433 811  
Off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities 
 349 731  
 171 663  
 16 284  
 -    
 -    
 537 678  
Total financial liabilities, off-balance items and contingent 
liabilities *** 
 368 496  
 345 735  
 88 834  
 26 534  
 141 890  
 971 489  
Due from credit institutions and the Treasury 
 359 949  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 359 949  
Investment securities 
 22 991  
 14 408  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 37 399  
Liquid assets 
 382 940  
 14 408  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 397 348  
 
* According to IAS 7 “Financial Instruments: Disclosures” requirements the major part of the guarantee portfolio issued by the Group 
has been classified within maturity “Up to 1 year”. The exception is the housing guarantees for families with children and housing 
guarantees for young specialists – these guarantees with remaining contractual maturity exceeding 3 years, counting from the 
reporting date, are classified within maturity “1 to 5 years”, because the compensation mechanism for housing guarantee for families 
with children and housing guarantee for young specialists stipulates that compensation for the declared guarantee cases is paid 
within 3 years from the date the guarantee case is declared. In turn, the housing guarantees for families with children and housing 
guarantees for young specialists with remaining contractual maturity shorter than 1 year, counting from the reporting date, are 
presented in accordance with the remaining contractual maturity. 
 
Maturity profile of the Group’s expected undiscounted future cash flows of financial liabilities, off-balance liabilities and liquid assets 
“Up to 1 year” as at 31 December 2020 and supporting analysis is presented in table below. 
 
** After expiring of the support programme its funding remains on the Group’s / Company’s balance sheet since any repayment from 
the existing support programme accumulates and are used to finance new support programmes. 
 
*** Since part of off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities is backed by funding recognized as financial liabilities, EUR 49,053 
thousand are included in both the Group’s financial liabilities and the Group’s off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities.

--- Page 140 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
49 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(2) Liquidity Risk (cont’d) 
Maturity profile of the Group’s expected undiscounted future cash flows of financial liabilities, off-balance liabilities and liquid 
assets “Up to 1 year” as at 31 December 2020, in thousands of euro: 
 
Up to 1 
month  
1 to 3 
months  
3 to 6 
months  
6 to 12 
months  
Total up to 1 
year 
Due to credit institutions 
 -    
 4 378  
 -    
 8 090  
 12 468  
Due to general governments 
 123  
 -    
 140  
 48  
 311  
Issued debt securities 
 -    
 564  
 260  
 -    
 824  
Support programme funding 
 3 444  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 3 444  
Other liabilities 
 1 693  
 -    
 -    
 25  
 1 718  
Total financial liabilities  
 5 260  
 4 942  
 400  
 8 163  
 18 765  
Off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities * 
286 738  
 13 777  
 14 532  
 34 684  
 349 731  
Total financial liabilities, off-balance items and contingent 
liabilities 
 291 998  
 18 719  
 14 932  
 42 847  
 368 496  
Due from credit institutions and the Treasury 
 359 949  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 359 949  
Investment securities 
 2 090  
 20 436  
 -    
 465  
 22 991  
Liquid assets 
 362 039  
 20 436  
 -    
 465  
 382 940  
 
* Split of off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities by type of financial instrument – outstanding financial guarantees, loan 
commitments and grant commitments as well as commitments to AIF “Altum capital fund”, investments in associates and other 
investments, are presented in Note 38. 
 
Contingent liabilities and financial commitments are funded from various funding sources available to the Group. Outstanding 
financial guarantees in amount of EUR 359,605 thousand (up to 1 year) – from respective guarantee support programme funding (see 
Note 31) and Specific reserve capital (see Note 37). Track records of claimed guarantee compensations presents that the volume of 
guarantees claimed within such terms are considerably less than the amount of the commitment disclosed in the above maturity 
analyses. 
 
Loan commitments in amount of EUR 39,348 thousand (up to 1 year) – from financial facilities (either received by the Group or available 
to the Group upon request) concluded with financial institutions and the Treasury (see Notes 29 and 30) and respective loan support 
programme funding (see Note 31). 
 
Grant commitments in amount of EUR 6,798 thousand (up to 1 year) – from respective grant support programme funding (see Note 
31). 
 
Commitments to investments in associates in amount of EUR 7,639 thousand (up to 1 year) – from respective venture capital fund 
support programme funding (see Note 31). 
 
Commitments to AIF “Altum capital fund” in amount of EUR 46,117 thousand (up to 1 year) – from specific reserve capital (see Note 
37) and additional funding from shareholders expected in 2021. 
 
Commitments to other investments in amount of EUR 9,235 thousand (up to 1 year) – for Baltic Innovation Fund 2 from support 
programme funding, repayments on different support programmes and the Group’s / Company’s own funding for Three Seas Initiatives 
Investment Fund. 
 
As a consequence, the liquidity of the Group is not deteriorated.

--- Page 141 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
50 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(2) Liquidity Risk (cont’d) 
Maturity profile of the Group’s expected undiscounted future cash flows of financial liabilities, off-balance liabilities and liquid 
assets as at 31 December 2019, in thousands of euro: 
 
Up to 1 
year *  
1 to 5 years 
5 to 10 years 
10 to 15 
years 
Over 15 
years and 
w/o maturity 
Total 
Due to credit institutions 
 8 761  
 20 828  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 29 589  
Due to general governments 
 32  
 2 138  
 6 756  
 -    
 77 396  
 86 322  
Issued debt securities 
 667  
 21 820  
 25 195  
 -    
 -    
 47 682  
Support programme funding ** 
 -    
 18 878  
 22 822  
 55 420  
 31 610  
 128 730  
Other liabilities 
 2 079  
 707  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2 786  
Total financial liabilities  
 11 539  
 64 371  
 54 773  
 55 420  
 109 006  
 295 109  
Off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities 
 226 221  
 139 651  
 15 509  
 -    
 -    
 381 381  
Total financial liabilities, off-balance items and contingent 
liabilities *** 
 237 760  
 204 022  
 70 282  
 55 420  
 109 006  
 676 490  
Due from credit institutions and the Treasury 
 181 199  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 181 199  
Investment securities 
 10 904  
 26 739  
 10 776  
 -    
 -    
 48 419  
Liquid assets 
 192 103  
 26 739  
 10 776  
 -    
 -    
 229 618  
 
* According to IAS 7 “Financial Instruments: Disclosures” requirements the major part of the guarantee portfolio issued by the Group 
has been classified within maturity “Up to 1 year”. The exception is the housing guarantees for families with children and housing 
guarantees for young specialists – these guarantees with remaining contractual maturity exceeding 3 years, counting from the 
reporting date, are classified within maturity “1 to 5 years”, because the compensation mechanism for housing guarantee for families 
with children and housing guarantee for young specialists stipulates that compensation for the declared guarantee cases is paid 
within 3 years from the date the guarantee case is declared. In turn, the housing guarantees for families with children and housing 
guarantees for young specialists with remaining contractual maturity shorter than 1 year, counting from the reporting date, are 
presented in accordance with the remaining contractual maturity. 
 
Maturity profile of the Group’s expected undiscounted future cash flows of financial liabilities, off-balance liabilities and liquid assets 
“Up to 1 year” as at 31 December 2019 and supporting analysis is presented in table below. 
 
** After expiring of the support programme its funding remains on the Group’s / Company’s balance sheet since any repayment from 
the existing support programme accumulates and are used to finance new support programmes. 
 
*** Since part of off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities is backed by funding recognized as financial liabilities, EUR 43,549 
thousand are included in both the Group’s financial liabilities and the Group’s off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities.

--- Page 142 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
51 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(2) Liquidity Risk (cont’d) 
Maturity profile of the Group’s expected undiscounted future cash flows of financial liabilities, off-balance liabilities and liquid 
assets “Up to 1 year” as at 31 December 2019, in thousands of euro: 
 
Up to 1 
month  
1 to 3 
months  
3 to 6 
months  
6 to 12 
months  
Total up to 1 
year 
Due to credit institutions 
 -    
 4 422  
 -    
 4 339  
 8 761  
Due to general governments 
 32  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 32  
Issued debt securities 
 -    
 325  
 -    
 342  
 667  
Support programme funding 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Other liabilities 
 2 060  
 -    
 -    
 19  
 2 079  
Total financial liabilities  
 2 092  
 4 747  
 -    
 4 700  
 11 539  
Off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities * 
 214 826  
 1 798  
 2 406  
 7 191  
 226 221  
Total financial liabilities, off-balance items and contingent 
liabilities 
 216 918  
 6 545  
 2 406  
 11 891  
 237 760  
Due from credit institutions and the Treasury 
 176 197  
 -    
 2 001  
 3 001  
 181 199  
Investment securities 
 90  
 1 149  
 1  
 9 664  
 10 904  
Liquid assets 
 176 287  
 1 149  
 2 002  
 12 665  
 192 103  
 
* Split of off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities by type of financial instrument – outstanding financial guarantees, loan 
commitments and grant commitments as well as commitments to investments in associates and other investments, are presented in 
Note 38. 
 
Contingent liabilities and financial commitments are funded from various funding sources available to the Group. Outstanding 
financial guarantees in amount of EUR 284,232 thousand (up to 1 year) – from respective guarantee support programme funding (see 
Note 31) and Specific reserve capital (see Note 37). Track records of claimed guarantee compensations presents that the volume of 
guarantees claimed within such terms are considerably less than the amount of the commitment disclosed in the above maturity 
analyses. 
 
Loan commitments in amount of EUR 18,951 thousand (up to 1 year) – from financial facilities (either received by the Group or available 
to the Group upon request) concluded with financial institutions and the Treasury (see Notes 29 and 30) and respective loan support 
programme funding (see Note 31). 
 
Grant commitments in amount of EUR 7,701 thousand (up to 1 year) – from respective grant support programme funding (see Note 
31). 
 
Commitments to investments in associates in amount of EUR 7,646 thousand (up to 1 year) – from respective venture capital fund 
support programme funding (see Note 31). 
 
Commitments to other investments in amount of EUR 4,349 thousand (up to 1 year) – for Baltic Innovation Fund 2 from support 
programme funding, repayments on different support programmes. 
 
As a consequence, the liquidity of the Group is not deteriorated.

--- Page 143 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
52 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(2) Liquidity Risk (cont’d) 
Maturity profile of the Company’s expected undiscounted future cash flows of financial liabilities, off-balance liabilities and 
liquid assets as at 31 December 2020, in thousands of euro: 
 
Up to 1 
year * 
1 to 5 years 
5 to 10 years 
10 to 15 
years 
Over 15 
years and 
w/o maturity 
Total 
Due to credit institutions 
 12 468  
 53 399  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 65 867  
Due to general governments 
 311  
 4 741  
 9 544  
 -    
 89 553  
 104 149  
Issued debt securities 
 824  
 68 107  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 68 931  
Support programme funding ** 
 3 444  
 46 655  
 63 006  
 26 521  
 52 337  
 191 963  
Other liabilities 
 1 718  
 1 170  
 -    
 13  
 -    
 2 901  
Total financial liabilities  
 18 765  
 174 072  
 72 550  
 26 534  
 141 890  
 433 811  
Off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities 
 353 898  
 176 870  
 17 325  
 -    
 -    
 548 093  
Total financial liabilities, off-balance items and contingent 
liabilities *** 
 372 663  
 350 942  
 89 875  
 26 534  
 141 890  
 981 904  
Due from credit institutions and the Treasury 
 359 949  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 359 949  
Investment securities 
 22 991  
 14 408  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 37 399  
Liquid assets 
 382 940  
 14 408  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 397 348  
 
* According to IAS 7 “Financial Instruments: Disclosures” requirements the major part of the guarantee portfolio issued by the Company 
has been classified within maturity “Up to 1 year”. The exception is the housing guarantees for families with children and housing 
guarantees for young specialists – these guarantees with remaining contractual maturity exceeding 3 years, counting from the 
reporting date, are classified within maturity “1 to 5 years”, because the compensation mechanism for housing guarantee for families 
with children and housing guarantee for young specialists stipulates that compensation for the declared guarantee cases is paid 
within 3 years from the date the guarantee case is declared. In turn, the housing guarantees for families with children and housing 
guarantees for young specialists with remaining contractual maturity shorter than 1 year, counting from the reporting date, are 
presented in accordance with the remaining contractual maturity. 
 
Maturity profile of the Company’s expected undiscounted future cash flows of financial liabilities, off-balance liabilities and liquid assets 
“Up to 1 year” as at 31 December 2020 and supporting analysis is presented in table below. 
 
** After expiring of the support programme its funding remains on the Group’s / Company’s balance sheet since any repayment from 
the existing support programme accumulates and are used to finance new support programmes. 
 
*** Since part of off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities is backed by funding recognized as financial liabilities, EUR 49,053 
thousand are included in both the Company’s financial liabilities and the Company’s off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities.

--- Page 144 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
53 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(2) Liquidity Risk (cont’d) 
Maturity profile of the Company’s expected undiscounted future cash flows of financial liabilities, off-balance liabilities and 
liquid assets “Up to 1 year” as at 31 December 2020, in thousands of euro: 
 
Up to 1 
month  
1 to 3 
months  
3 to 6 
months  
6 to 12 
months  
Total up to 1 
year 
Due to credit institutions 
 -    
 4 378  
 -    
 8 090  
 12 468  
Due to general governments 
 123  
 -    
 140  
 48  
 311  
Issued debt securities 
 -    
 564  
 260  
 -    
 824  
Support programme funding 
 3 444  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 3 444  
Other liabilities 
 1 693  
 -    
 -    
 25  
 1 718  
Total financial liabilities  
 5 260  
 4 942  
 400  
 8 163  
 18 765  
Off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities * 
 287 155  
 14 194  
 15 365  
 37 184  
 353 898  
Total financial liabilities, off-balance items and contingent 
liabilities 
 292 415  
 19 136  
 15 765  
 45 347  
 372 663  
Due from credit institutions and the Treasury 
 359 949  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 359 949  
Investment securities 
 2 090  
 20 436  
 -    
 465  
 22 991  
Liquid assets 
 362 039  
 20 436  
 -    
 465  
 382 940  
 
* Split of off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities by type of financial instrument – outstanding financial guarantees, loan 
commitments and grant commitments as well as commitments to AIF “Altum capital fund”, investments in associates and other 
investments, are presented in Note 38. 
 
Contingent liabilities and financial commitments are funded from various funding sources available to the Company. Outstanding 
financial guarantees in amount of EUR 359,605 thousand (up to 1 year) – from respective guarantee support programme funding (see 
Note 31) and Specific reserve capital (see Note 37). Track records of claimed guarantee compensations presents that the volume of 
guarantees claimed within such terms are considerably less than the amount of the commitment disclosed in the above maturity 
analyses. 
 
Loan commitments in amount of EUR 39,348 thousand (up to 1 year) – from financial facilities (either received by the Company or 
available to the Company upon request) concluded with financial institutions and the Treasury (see Notes 29 and 30) and respective 
loan support programme funding (see Note 31). 
 
Grant commitments in amount of EUR 6,798 thousand (up to 1 year) – from respective grant support programme funding (see Note 
31). 
 
Commitments to investments in subsidiaries in amount of EUR 4,167 thousand (up to 1 year) – from respective venture capital fund 
support programme funding (see Note 31). 
 
Commitments to investments in associates in amount of EUR 7,639 thousand (up to 1 year) – from respective venture capital fund 
support programme funding (see Note 31). 
 
Commitments to AIF “Altum capital fund” in amount of EUR 46,117 thousand (up to 1 year) – from specific reserve capital (see Note 
37) and additional funding from shareholders expected in 2021. 
 
Commitments to other investments in amount of EUR 9,235 thousand (up to 1 year) – for Baltic Innovation Fund 2 from support 
programme funding, repayments on different support programmes and the Group’s / Company’s own funding for Three Seas Initiatives 
Investment Fund. 
 
As a consequence, the liquidity of the Company is not deteriorated.

--- Page 145 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
54 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(2) Liquidity Risk (cont’d) 
Maturity profile of the Company’s expected undiscounted future cash flows of financial liabilities, off-balance liabilities and 
liquid assets as at 31 December 2019, in thousands of euro: 
 
Up to 1 
year * 
1 to 5 years 
5 to 10 years 
10 to 15 
years 
Over 15 
years and 
w/o maturity 
Total 
Due to credit institutions 
 8 761  
 20 828  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 29 589  
Due to general governments 
 32  
 2 138  
 6 756  
 -    
 77 396  
 86 322  
Issued debt securities 
 667  
 21 820  
 25 195  
 -    
 -    
 47 682  
Support programme funding ** 
 -    
 18 878  
 22 822  
 55 420  
 31 610  
 128 730  
Other liabilities 
 2 079  
 694  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2 773  
Total financial liabilities  
 11 539  
 64 358  
 54 773  
 55 420  
 109 006  
 295 096  
Off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities 
 228 511  
 147 868  
 18 473  
 -    
 -    
 394 852  
Total financial liabilities, off-balance items and contingent 
liabilities *** 
 240 050  
 212 226  
 73 246  
 55 420  
 109 006  
 689 948  
Due from credit institutions and the Treasury 
 181 047  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 181 047  
Investment securities 
 10 904  
 26 739  
 10 776  
 -    
 -    
 48 419  
Liquid assets 
 191 951  
 26 739  
 10 776  
 -    
 -    
 229 466  
 
* According to IAS 7 “Financial Instruments: Disclosures” requirements the major part of the guarantee portfolio issued by the Company 
has been classified within maturity “Up to 1 year”. The exception is the housing guarantees for families with children and housing 
guarantees for young specialists – these guarantees with remaining contractual maturity exceeding 3 years, counting from the 
reporting date, are classified within maturity “1 to 5 years”, because the compensation mechanism for housing guarantee for families 
with children and housing guarantee for young specialists stipulates that compensation for the declared guarantee cases is paid 
within 3 years from the date the guarantee case is declared. In turn, the housing guarantees for families with children and housing 
guarantees for young specialists with remaining contractual maturity shorter than 1 year, counting from the reporting date, are 
presented in accordance with the remaining contractual maturity. 
 
Maturity profile of the Company’s expected undiscounted future cash flows of financial liabilities, off-balance liabilities and liquid assets 
“Up to 1 year” as at 31 December 2019 and supporting analysis is presented in table below. 
 
** After expiring of the support programme its funding remains on the Group’s / Company’s balance sheet since any repayment from 
the existing support programme accumulates and are used to finance new support programmes. 
 
*** Since part of off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities is backed by funding recognized as financial liabilities, EUR 43,549 
thousand are included in both the Company’s financial liabilities and the Company’s off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities.

--- Page 146 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
55 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(2) Liquidity Risk (cont’d) 
Maturity profile of the Company’s expected undiscounted future cash flows of financial liabilities, off-balance liabilities and 
liquid assets “Up to 1 year” as at 31 December 2019, in thousands of euro: 
 
Up to 1 
month  
1 to 3 
months  
3 to 6 
months  
6 to 12 
months  
Total up to 1 
year 
Due to credit institutions 
 -    
 4 422  
 -    
 4 339  
 8 761  
Due to general governments 
 32  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 32  
Issued debt securities 
 -    
 325  
 -    
 342  
 667  
Support programme funding 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Other liabilities 
 2 060  
 -    
 -    
 19  
 2 079  
Total financial liabilities  
 2 092  
 4 747  
 -    
 4 700  
 11 539  
Off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities * 
 214 940  
 2 141  
 2 864  
 8 566  
 228 511  
Total financial liabilities, off-balance items and contingent 
liabilities 
 217 032  
 6 888  
 2 864  
 13 266  
 240 050  
Due from credit institutions and the Treasury 
 176 045  
 -    
 2 001  
 3 001  
 181 047  
Investment securities 
 90  
 1 149  
 1  
 9 664  
 10 904  
Liquid assets 
 176 135  
 1 149  
 2 002  
 12 665  
 191 951  
 
* Split of off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities by type of financial instrument – outstanding financial guarantees, loan 
commitments and grant commitments as well as commitments to investments in associates and other investments, are presented in 
Note 38. 
 
Contingent liabilities and financial commitments are funded from various funding sources available to the Company. Outstanding 
financial guarantees in amount of EUR 284,232 thousand (up to 1 year) – from respective guarantee support programme funding (see 
Note 31) and Specific reserve capital (see Note 37). Track records of claimed guarantee compensations presents that the volume of 
guarantees claimed within such terms are considerably less than the amount of the commitment disclosed in the above maturity 
analyses. 
 
Loan commitments in amount of EUR 18,951 thousand (up to 1 year) – from financial facilities (either received by the Company or 
available to the Company upon request) concluded with financial institutions and the Treasury (see Notes 29 and 30) and respective 
loan support programme funding (see Note 31). 
 
Grant commitments in amount of EUR 7,701 thousand (up to 1 year) – from respective grant support programme funding (see Note 
31). 
 
Commitments to investments in subsidiaries in amount of EUR 2,290 thousand (up to 1 year) – from respective venture capital fund 
support programme funding (see Note 31). 
 
Commitments to investments in associates in amount of EUR 7,636 thousand (up to 1 year) – from respective venture capital fund 
support programme funding (see Note 31). 
 
Commitments to other investments in amount of EUR 4,349 thousand (up to 1 year) – for Baltic Innovation Fund 2 from support 
programme funding, repayments on different support programmes. 
 
As a consequence, the liquidity of the Company is not deteriorated.

--- Page 147 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
56 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(2) Liquidity Risk (cont’d) 
Breakdown of the Group’s assets and liabilities by maturity profile as at 31 December 2020 based on the time remaining from 
the reporting date to their contractual maturity, in thousands of euro: 
  
Up to 1 
month  
1 to 3 months  
3 to 6 months  
6 to 12 
months  
1 to 5 years  
Over 5 years 
and w/o 
maturity 
Total 
Assets 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due from credit institutions and the 
Treasury 
 359 949  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 359 949  
Financial assets at fair value through profit 
or loss 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 5 425  
 5 425  
Investment securities * 
 2 090  
 20 436  
 -    
 465  
 14 408  
 -    
 37 399  
Loans * 
 10 563  
 13 112  
 16 717  
 35 212  
 152 416  
 85 248  
 313 268  
Grants 
 64  
 66  
 18  
 7 121  
 18 524  
 5 314  
 31 107  
Deferred expense and accrued income 
 1 521  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1 521  
Other investments 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 7 503  
 7 503  
Investments in associates 
 -    
 -    
 7 587  
 16 375  
 5 366  
 18 660  
 47 988  
Investment property 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 36 758  
 36 758  
Property, plant and equipment 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 4 717  
 4 717  
Intangible assets 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1 398  
 1 398  
Other assets 
 971  
 208  
 81  
 259  
 2 117  
 35  
 3 671  
Total assets 
 375 158  
 33 822  
 24 403  
 59 432  
 192 831  
 165 058  
 850 704  
Liabilities  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due to credit institutions 
 -    
 4 367  
 -    
 8 090  
 53 398  
 -    
 65 855  
Due to general governments  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 4 422  
 99 098  
 103 520  
Issued debt securities 
 -    
 484  
 (2) 
 53  
 64 987  
 -    
 65 522  
Deferred income and accrued expense 
 488  
 357  
 401  
 967  
 2 916  
 719  
 5 848  
Provisions  
 32 501  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 32 501  
Support programme funding 
 3 444  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 46 655  
 141 864  
 191 963  
Other liabilities 
 1 693  
 -    
 -    
 25  
 1 170  
 13  
 2 901  
Total liabilities 
 38 126  
 5 208  
 399  
 9 135  
 173 548  
 241 694  
 468 110  
Net liquidity 
 337 032  
 28 614  
 24 004  
 50 297  
 19 283  
 (76 636) 
 382 594  
 
* With regard to loans and advances to customers, the Group uses the same basis of expected repayment behaviour as used for 
estimating the effective interest rate. Investments in securities reflect their contractual coupon amortisations.

--- Page 148 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
57 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(2) Liquidity Risk (cont’d) 
Breakdown of the Group’s assets and liabilities by maturity profile as at 31 December 2019 based on the time remaining from 
the reporting date to their contractual maturity, in thousands of euro: 
  
Up to 1 
month  
1 to 3 months  
3 to 6 months  
6 to 12 
months  
1 to 5 years  
Over 5 years 
and w/o 
maturity 
Total 
Assets 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due from credit institutions and the 
Treasury 
 176 197  
 -    
 2 001  
 3 001  
 -    
 -    
 181 199  
Financial assets at fair value through profit 
or loss 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 4 217  
 4 217  
Investment securities * 
 90  
 1 149  
 1  
 9 664  
 26 739  
 10 776  
 48 419  
Loans * 
 11 296  
 9 812  
 8 897  
 20 732  
 94 055  
 75 337  
 220 129  
Grants 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 13 792  
 3 394  
 17 186  
Deferred expense and accrued income 
 2 343  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2 343  
Other investments 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 250  
 250  
Investments in associates 
 1 508  
 -    
 7 051  
 -    
 27 236  
 16 498  
 52 293  
Investment property 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 22 582  
 1 784  
 24 366  
Property, plant and equipment 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 4 694  
 4 694  
Intangible assets 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1 395  
 1 395  
Other assets 
 1 746  
 -    
 -    
 560  
 1 264  
 -    
 3 570  
Total assets 
 193 180  
 10 961  
 17 950  
 33 957  
 185 668  
 118 345  
 560 061  
Liabilities  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due to credit institutions 
 -    
 4 375  
 -    
 4 339  
 20 828  
 -    
 29 542  
Due to general governments  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2 118  
 84 154  
 86 272  
Issued debt securities 
 -    
 269  
 -    
 58  
 20 013  
 25 008  
 45 348  
Deferred income and accrued expense 
 361  
 259  
 303  
 582  
 1 379  
 685  
 3 569  
Provisions  
 31 076  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 31 076  
Support programme funding 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 18 878  
 109 852  
 128 730  
Other liabilities 
 2 060  
 -    
 -    
 19  
 707  
 -    
 2 786  
Total liabilities 
 33 497  
 4 903  
 303  
 4 998  
 63 923  
 219 699  
 327 323  
Net liquidity 
 159 683  
 6 058  
 17 647  
 28 959  
 121 745  
 (101 354) 
 232 738  
 
* With regard to loans and advances to customers, the Group uses the same basis of expected repayment behaviour as used for 
estimating the effective interest rate. Investments in securities reflect their contractual coupon amortisations.

--- Page 149 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
58 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(2) Liquidity Risk (cont’d) 
Breakdown of the Company’s assets and liabilities by maturity profile as at 31 December 2020 based on the time remaining 
from the reporting date to their contractual maturity, in thousands of euro: 
  
Up to 1 
month  
1 to 3 months  
3 to 6 months  
6 to 12 
months  
1 to 5 years  
Over 5 years 
and w/o 
maturity 
Total 
Assets 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due from credit institutions and the 
Treasury 
 359 949  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 359 949  
Financial assets at fair value through profit 
or loss 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Investment securities * 
 2 090  
 20 436  
 -    
 465  
 14 408  
 -    
 37 399  
Loans * 
 10 563  
 13 112  
 16 717  
 35 212  
 152 416  
 85 248  
 313 268  
Grants 
 64  
 66  
 18  
 7 121  
 18 524  
 5 314  
 31 107  
Deferred expense and accrued income 
 1 521  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1 521  
Other investments 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 7 503  
 7 503  
Investments in associates 
 -    
 -    
 7 587  
 16 375  
 5 366  
 18 660  
 47 988  
Investments in subsidiaries  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 4 879  
 4 879  
Investment property 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 36 758  
 36 758  
Property, plant and equipment 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 4 717  
 4 717  
Intangible assets 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1 398  
 1 398  
Other assets 
 971  
 208  
 81  
 259  
 2 117  
 -    
 3 636  
Total assets 
 375 158  
 33 822  
 24 403  
 59 432  
 192 831  
 164 477  
 850 123  
Liabilities  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due to credit institutions 
 -    
 4 367  
 -    
 8 090  
 53 398  
 -    
 65 855  
Due to general governments  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 4 422  
 99 098  
 103 520  
Issued debt securities 
 -    
 484  
 (2) 
 53  
 64 987  
 -    
 65 522  
Deferred income and accrued expense 
 488  
 357  
 401  
 967  
 2 916  
 799  
 5 928  
Provisions  
 32 501  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 32 501  
Support programme funding 
 3 444  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 46 655  
 141 864  
 191 963  
Other liabilities 
 1 693  
 -    
 -    
 25  
 1 170  
 13  
 2 901  
Total liabilities 
 38 126  
 5 208  
 399  
 9 135  
 173 548  
 241 774  
 468 190  
Net liquidity 
 337 032  
 28 614  
 24 004  
 50 297  
 19 283  
 (77 297) 
 381 933  
 
* With regard to loans and advances to customers, the Group uses the same basis of expected repayment behaviour as used for 
estimating the effective interest rate. Investments in securities reflect their contractual coupon amortisations.

--- Page 150 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
59 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(2) Liquidity Risk (cont’d) 
Breakdown of the Company’s assets and liabilities by maturity profile as at 31 December 2019 based on the time remaining 
from the reporting date to their contractual maturity, in thousands of euro: 
  
Up to 1 
month  
1 to 3 months  
3 to 6 months  
6 to 12 
months  
1 to 5 years  
Over 5 years 
and w/o 
maturity 
Total 
Assets 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due from credit institutions and the 
Treasury 
 176 045  
 -    
 2 001  
 3 001  
 -    
 -    
 181 047  
Financial assets at fair value through profit 
or loss 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Investment securities * 
 90  
 1 149  
 1  
 9 664  
 26 739  
 10 776  
 48 419  
Loans * 
 11 296  
 9 812  
 8 897  
 20 732  
 94 055  
 75 337  
 220 129  
Grants 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 13 792  
 3 394  
 17 186  
Deferred expense and accrued income 
 2 343  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2 343  
Other investments 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 250  
 250  
Investments in associates 
 1 508  
 -    
 7 051  
 -    
 27 236  
 16 498  
 52 293  
Investments in subsidiaries  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 832  
 2 980  
 3 812  
Investment property 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 22 582  
 1 784  
 24 366  
Property, plant and equipment 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 4 694  
 4 694  
Intangible assets 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1 395  
 1 395  
Other assets 
 1 746  
 -    
 -    
 560  
 1 264  
 -    
 3 570  
Total assets 
 193 028  
 10 961  
 17 950  
 33 957  
 186 500  
 117 108  
 559 504  
Liabilities  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due to credit institutions 
 -    
 4 375  
 -    
 4 339  
 20 828  
 -    
 29 542  
Due to general governments  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2 118  
 84 154  
 86 272  
Issued debt securities 
 -    
 269  
 -    
 58  
 20 013  
 25 008  
 45 348  
Deferred income and accrued expense 
 361  
 259  
 303  
 582  
 1 379  
 685  
 3 569  
Provisions  
 31 076  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 31 076  
Support programme funding 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 18 878  
 109 852  
 128 730  
Other liabilities 
 2 060  
 -    
 -    
 19  
 694  
 -    
 2 773  
Total liabilities 
 33 497  
 4 903  
 303  
 4 998  
 63 910  
 219 699  
 327 310  
Net liquidity 
 159 531  
 6 058  
 17 647  
 28 959  
 122 590  
 (102 591) 
 232 194  
 
* With regard to loans and advances to customers, the Group uses the same basis of expected repayment behaviour as used for 
estimating the effective interest rate. Investments in securities reflect their contractual coupon amortisations. 
 
(3) Interest Rate Risk 
The interest rate risk is related to the possible influence of the fluctuations of the market rates onto the interest income and 
expenses of the Group / Company.  
Interest rate management principles are determined in the Risk Management Policy. Interest rate risk governance is performed 
by the Risk and Asset-Liability Management Committee, while daily interest rate analysis and management is performed by 
Planning and Financial Analysis Department. 
The Group's / Company’s interest rate sensitive assets (99.5%) and all interest rate sensitive liabilities are linked and priced at 
euro interest rate indices. To assess the interest rate risk the Group / Company analyses the maturity structure of interest rate 
sensitive assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet items, net position of interest rate risk and its sensitivity to changes in interest 
rates. The sensitivity is measured calculating the impact of probable interest rate changes by 100 bps on the Group’s / 
Company’s interest income and expenses, assuming that all other variables held constant. Scenarios floor the lowest possible 
interest rate at zero if at the rate fixing date it is with negative value and if such a condition arises from the actual agreements. 
The following table represents the impact of change in interest rates by 100 bps on the Group’s / Company’s interest income 
and expenses over 12-month period, with all other variables held constant:

--- Page 151 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
60 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(3) Interest Rate Risk (cont’d) 
 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
Change in interest rates by +100 bps 
 889  
 754  
 889  
 754  
Change in interest rates by -100 bps 
 (305) 
 (281) 
 (305) 
 (281) 
(4) Foreign Currency Risk 
Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of an exposure will fluctuate because of changes in 
foreign exchange rates. The Group's / Company's exposure to foreign currency risk is insignificant as the transactions are 
denominated in Euro. The Group / Company controls foreign currency risk by raising financing and issuing financial instruments 
in euro. 
The Group’s / Company’s exposure to foreign currency risk, in thousands of euro: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
EUR 
  
  
  
  
Financial assets 
 800 290  
 522 479  
 800 255  
 522 187  
Financial liabilities 
 429 761  
 292 678  
 429 761  
 292 665  
Net position 
 370 529  
 229 801  
 370 494  
 229 522  
USD 
  
  
  
  
Financial assets 
 594  
 565  
 594  
 705  
Financial liabilities 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Net position 
 594  
 565  
 594  
 705  
GBP 
  
  
  
  
Financial assets 
 0  
 2  
 0  
 2  
Financial liabilities 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Net position 
 0  
 2  
 0  
 2  
 
Based on the current positions of the Group / Company as at 31.12.2020 and 31.12.2019, if the exchange rate for the US dollar 
changes according to the scenario presented, the possible changes in the Group's / Company's total capital (excluding tax 
effects) would be as follows: 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
Change in USD/EUR exchange rates by +5% 
 (29) 
 (34) 
 (29) 
 (34) 
Change in USD/EUR exchange rates by -5% 
 28  
 34  
 28  
 34  
(5) Operational Risk 
The operational risk results from intentional or unintentional deviations from the standards adopted in daily operation of the 
Group / Company, for example human mistake or fraud, malfunction of information systems, insufficient control procedures 
or their ignorance altogether, etc.  
The goal of the operational risk management is timely identification of the potential operational risks and implementation of 
countermeasures to minimize the effect of operational risk on the Group’s / Company’s financials as much as possible and 
maintain the Group’s / Company’s operational continuity. The Group / Company achieves the established goal via 
identification of operational risk causes and taking preventive and corrective measures to eliminate them.

--- Page 152 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
61 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(6) AML / CTF / sanctions risk 
The Group / Company is subject to the Law on the Prevention of Money Laundering and Terrorism and Proliferation Financing 
(AML/CTF) and complies with the international legal acts and legal acts of the Republic of Latvia which regulate prevention 
of legalization of proceeds derived from criminal activity and financing of terrorism and proliferation and ensures compliance 
with sanction lists (AML/CTF/Sanctions). 
The internal control system of the Group / Company is based on the "Know Your Customer (KYC)" principles. Policies and 
procedures in place for the AML/CTF/Sanctions as well as control measures are developed on the basis of the international 
legal acts and legal acts of the Republic of Latvia that regulate AML/CTF/Sanctions. The international standards and the best 
practice guidelines as well as Policy and Guidelines of the Finance Latvia Association in the area of the AML/CFT/Sanctions 
are followed as well. 
The Group / Company ensures compliance with Sanction lists requirements defined by EU regulations, OFAC and UN 
Regulations. 
Since September 2018, The Group / Company has centralized AML/CTF/Sanctions compliance function with the Risk 
Management Department who carries client distance on-boarding with respect to the AML/CTF/Sanctions compliance 
through automated loan assessment system. 
In February 2019, The Group / Company launched client’s AML/CTF scoring system – every client who applies to loan, grant 
or export credit guarantee instrument as well as investments under venture capital instruments has been assigned the AML/CTF 
risk score. 
(7) Capital Management 
Capital management is forward-looking and aligned with short-term and long-term business plans and the macroeconomic 
environment. This is evaluated in the annual budgeting assessment process. 
Capital management ensures that the Group / Company use capital to implement the government-approved state aid 
programs. Capital planning involves assessing the impact of risks on capital by implementing all approved development 
programs at the full amount. In accordance with the Development Finance Institution Act, Company before the approval of 
each program by the Cabinet of Ministers evaluate the impact of the program, risks and expected losses, financial results and 
costs of program implementation. 
In order to assess within the capital government that the amount of equity is in line with the risks arising from the scope of 
activity, the Group calculates the capital adequacy ratio, Tangible common equity (TCE) relative to the Tangible managed 
assets (TMA). An explanation of the indicator and the dynamics of changes over the periods is available in the section “Key 
Financial and Performance Indicators” under Other Notes to the Annual Report. 
(8) Covid-19 impact 
(i) Effect on new products and new volumes issued 
Since March, as delegated by the government, the Group has engaged actively in mitigating the adverse impact of Covid-
19 pandemic on SME and Midcaps in Latvia by developing new financial support instruments in co-operation with the Ministry 
of Economics, The Group takes pillar role for providing Covid-19 financial instruments (excl. standstill grants) – loans and 
guarantees in Latvia. On 19 March 2020, having convened for an extraordinary meeting, with follow-up on 24 March 2020, the 
Cabinet of Ministers approved the regulations of the new financial instruments. Both financial instruments became effective 
as of 25 March 2020 being already co-ordinated with the European Commission. 
In spring another financial instrument engine alternative investment fund “Altum Capital Fund” was created with the aim to 
support well-managed, perspective Mid-cap companies to overcome the effect of Covid-19 that as a result of the virus 
impact are ready to adjust their operations by changing their business model, adjusting product development, introducing 
new technology and expanding to new export markets. The Fund’s committed capital was fully subscribed on September 16, 
2020, reaching EUR 100 million, of which the majority (EUR 51.1 million or 51.1%) were largest private pension funds and EUR 
48.9 million consists of public funding invested by the Company. The Company is also the manager of the Fund registered with 
the Financial and Capital Market Commission on 26 May 2020. As at 31 December 2020 there is active pipeline of potential 
investment deals with first investment deals completed in Q1 2021.

--- Page 153 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
62 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(8) COVID-19 impact (cont’d) 
Covid-19 loan and guarantee portfolio as at 31 December 2020 was EUR 64,560 thousand and EUR 38,699 thousand 
respectively. For detailed information on full set of Covid-19 products see Management Report. 
Total capital injection in Specific Reserve capital to ensure Covid-19 financial instruments to SME and Midcaps reached EUR 
145 million during 2020 for respective funding needs and expected credit loss. Credit risk coverage in Portfolio loss reserve out 
of that reaches EUR 86 million as at 31 December 2020. 
(ii) The Group’s / Company’s management estimates on macroeconomic scenarios effecting the calculation of credit loss 
allowances and provisions for guarantees. 
The Group / Company has recognised uncertainty regarding duration and severity of Covid-19 situation and associated 
possible disruptions to the economy and customers of the Group / Company. The Group / Company participates in Covid-19 
loan moratoria within which upon qualifying client request a deferral of loan principal repayment for a short period of time is 
allowed. Detailed information available in Note 2 (5) (vi). 
(iii) Loan portfolio affected by Covid-19 
Analysis of the Group’s / Company’s loan portfolio by client segments as at 31 December 2020, in thousands of euro: 
 
Stage 1 
  
Stage 2 
  
Stage 3 
  
Total gross 
loans 
Total 
impairment 
allowance 
 
Gross loans 
Impairment 
allowance 
Gross loans 
Impairment 
allowance 
Gross loans 
Impairment 
allowance 
Financial Intermediaries 
 1 245  
 10  
 -    
 -    
 638  
 351  
 1 883  
 361  
Agriculture 
 107 189  
 841  
 10 258  
 300  
 6 863  
 1 491  
 124 310  
 2 632  
SME and Midcaps 
 129 745  
 5 755  
 21 007  
 3 195  
 17 509  
 7 443  
 168 261  
 16 393  
of which, 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 Covid-19 crisis related working      
capital loans 
 60 665  
 1 984  
 3 569  
 219  
 326  
 155  
 64 560  
 2 358  
Daily loan products 
 69 081  
 3 771  
 17 438  
 2 976  
 17 183  
 7 288  
 103 702  
 14 035  
Private individuals 
 5 224  
 34  
 490  
 10  
 2 311  
 953  
 8 025  
 997  
Land Fund 
 30 889  
 17  
 256  
 -    
 355  
 2  
 31 500  
 19  
Total segments, gross 
 274 292  
 6 657  
 32 011  
 3 505  
 27 676  
 10 240  
 333 979  
 20 402  
Impairment overlay * 
 -    
 309  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 309  
Total segments, net 
 274 292  
 6 966  
 32 011  
 3 505  
 27 676  
 10 240  
 333 979  
 20 711  
 
* The impairment overlay represents an additional loss reserve over the modelled ECL amounts to account for other economic 
uncertainties. For detailed information see Note 2 (16) (ii). 
 
Agriculture segment is heavily subsidized and loans to Agriculture segment (see Note 19) are secured by agricultural land with 
a cautious valuation. Therefore the Group / Company doesn’t see deterioration in the quality of loan portfolio impacted by 
Covid-19 crisis. 
The Group / Company do not grant new loans in segments Financial intermediaries and Private individuals. Existing portfolio is 
amortizing. 
Loans issued by the Group / Company to SME and Midcap client segment are split between (i) specific COVID-19 related 
support instrument – working capital loans and (ii) daily (ordinary) loan product portfolio.

--- Page 154 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
63 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(8) COVID-19 impact (cont’d) 
Split of specific COVID-19 related support instrument - working capital loans – portfolio for the SME and Midcap client segment 
by industries as at 31 December 2020, in thousands euro: 
  
Gross loans 
of which, 
granted in 2020 
Impairment 
allowance 
Net loans 
 % of Total 
Gross loans, 
SME & Midcap 
Covid-19 more exposed industries 
  
  
  
  
  
Hotels and restaurants 
 3 398  
 3 398  
 97  
 3 301  
2.0% 
Retail 
 4 714  
 4 714  
 186  
 4 527  
2.8% 
Land transport services 
 594  
 594  
 12  
 582  
0.4% 
Art, entertainment and leasure 
 1 139  
 1 139  
 29  
 1 110  
0.7% 
Beauty and sports 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
0.0% 
Total Covid-19 more exposed industries 
 9 845  
 9 845  
 324  
 9 520  
5.9% 
Covid-19 less exposed industries 
  
  
  
  
  
Manufacturing 
 19 532  
 19 532  
 739  
 18 793  
11.6% 
Wholesale 
 13 178  
 13 178  
 490  
 12 688  
7.8% 
Construction 
 6 057  
 6 057  
 354  
 5 704  
3.6% 
Transport, warehousing and communications 
 3 602  
 3 602  
 110  
 3 492  
2.1% 
Municipal authorities 
 3 407  
 3 407  
 81  
 3 326  
2.0% 
Information technologies and communication 
 2 522  
 2 522  
 53  
 2 470  
1.5% 
Professional, science and technical services 
 2 295  
 2 295  
 80  
 2 214  
1.4% 
Forestry 
 2 002  
 2 002  
 63  
 1 939  
1.2% 
Electricity, gas and water utilities 
 1 460  
 1 460  
 50  
 1 410  
0.9% 
Real estate 
 432  
 432  
 10  
 422  
0.3% 
Health and social care 
 163  
 163  
 3  
 159  
0.1% 
Other industries  
 65  
 65  
 1  
 64  
0.0% 
Total Covid-19 less exposed industries 
 54 715  
 54 715  
 2 034  
 52 681  
32.5% 
Total Covid-19 crisis related working capital loans 
 64 560  
 64 560  
 2 358  
 62 201  
38.4% 
 
Split of daily (ordinary) loan product portfolio for the SME and Midcap client segment by industries as at 31 December 2020, 
in thousands euro: 
  
Gross loans 
of which, 
granted in 2020 
Impairment 
allowance 
Net loans 
 % of Total 
Gross loans, 
SME & Midcap 
Covid-19 more exposed industries 
  
  
  
  
  
Hotels and restaurants 
 4 724  
 1 021  
 598  
 4 127  
2.8% 
Retail 
 2 014  
 194  
 136  
 1 878  
1.2% 
Land transport services 
 347  
 71  
 61  
 286  
0.2% 
Art, entertainment and leasure 
 1 926  
 398  
 378  
 1 548  
1.1% 
Beauty and sports 
 710  
 116  
 255  
 455  
0.4% 
Total Covid-19 more exposed industries 
 9 721  
 1 800  
 1 428  
 8 294  
5.8% 
Covid-19 less exposed industries 
  
  
  
  
  
Manufacturing 
 48 602  
 9 075  
 6 762  
 41 839  
28.9% 
Wholesale 
 6 539  
 1 474  
 870  
 5 669  
3.9% 
Construction 
 3 220  
 1 592  
 254  
 2 967  
1.9% 
Transport, warehousing and communications 
 683  
 121  
 186  
 497  
0.4% 
Municipal authorities 
 4 921  
 3 005  
 185  
 4 736  
2.9% 
Information technologies and communication 
 551  
 91  
 44  
 508  
0.3% 
Professional, science and technical services 
 3 660  
 810  
 250  
 3 411  
2.2% 
Forestry 
 2 452  
 910  
 87  
 2 365  
1.5% 
Electricity, gas and water utilities 
 6 220  
 366  
 995  
 5 225  
3.7% 
Real estate 
 9 841  
 1 657  
 2 088  
 7 753  
5.8% 
Health and social care 
 4 316  
 711  
 514  
 3 802  
2.6% 
Other industries  
 1 329  
 479  
 225  
 1 101  
0.8% 
Fishing 
 1 647  
 281  
 146  
 1 501  
1.0% 
Total Covid-19 less exposed industries 
 93 981  
 20 572  
 12 606  
 81 374  
55.9% 
Total daily (ordinary) loan products 
 103 702  
 22 372  
 14 034  
 89 668  
61.6%

--- Page 155 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
64 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(8) COVID-19 impact (cont’d) 
For daily (ordinary) loan product portfolio the loan application assessment process, including, accepted credit risk level, 
eligible credit rating of the client, expected debt service capacity, collateral has not been lowered by Covid-19 situation in 
2020. The same loan application assessment process applies to specific COVID-19 related support instrument – working capital 
loans. 
(iv) Guarantee portfolio effected by Covid-19 
Analysis of the Group’s / Company’s guarantees portfolio by client segments as at 31 December 2020, in thousands of euro: 
 
Stage 1 
  
Stage 2 
  
Stage 3 
  
Total 
outstanding 
guarantees 
Total 
impairment 
allowance 
 
Outstanding 
guarantees 
Impairment 
allowance 
Outstanding 
guarantees 
Impairment 
allowance 
Outstanding 
guarantees 
Impairment 
allowance 
Agriculture 
 14 305  
 2 118  
 39  
 5  
 486  
 311  
 14 830  
 2 434  
SME and Midcaps 
 178 094  
 12 124  
 6 761  
 775  
 3 879  
 2 389  
 188 734  
 15 288  
of which, 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Covid-19 crisis related guarantees * 
 37 005  
 3 001  
 1 437  
 127  
 257  
 160  
 38 699  
 3 288  
Daily guarantees products 
 141 089  
 9 123  
 5 324  
 649  
 3 622  
 2 229  
 150 035  
 12 001  
Private individuals 
 155 717  
 13 528  
 194  
 36  
 130  
 127  
 156 041  
 13 691  
Total segments, gross 
 348 116  
 27 770  
 6 994  
 816  
 4 495  
 2 827  
 359 605  
 31 413  
 
* Includes SME loan credit holiday guarantees, portfolio guarantees and SME and Midcap companies loan holiday guarantees 
 
Agriculture segment is heavily subsidized. To help farmers overcome the negative effects of the Covid-19 pandemic, the 
additional financial support in amount of EUR 45.5 million was provided as direct aid to agricultural producers and processors 
(dairy farming, cattle production, pig farming, food producers, school caterers). This support acts as an 'airbag' that has 
guaranteed and continues to guarantee support to agri-food businesses in the event of a reduction in revenue or turnover 
and an increase in stocks as a result of the negative effects of Covid-19. The unadjusted PDs of the guarantee portfolio for 
agriculture decreased from 2.71% to 2,16% compared to the 30.11.2019. and 30.11.2020. However, adjusted for 
macroeconomic factors, in particular changes in GDP, PD rates have increased significantly compared to 30.06.2020. and 
30.11.2020. PD rates, thus reflecting the economic impact of Covid-19. 
Approximately 40% of the SME and Midcap segment consists of guarantees to manufacturing. The impact of the Covid-19 
crisis on the manufacturing has varied depending on the sub-industry. For example, year 2020 for metalworking, equipment / 
mechanical engineering and food industry companies has been quite successful and for a larger part the turnover indicators 
and profitability have even improved compared to 2019. Covid-19 has had the greatest impact on companies whose industry 
has been affected in parallel by other factors. For example, support for Covid-19 has been particularly active in woodworking 
and furniture companies, whose problems have been challenged by BREXIT alongside the challenges of Covid-19. In the 
second half of 2020, most of the manufacturing companies had already adapted to the new conditions, and in general, the 
risk level of the industry has not significantly increased compared to 2019. The sufficiently good results of the manufacturing 
industry in 2020 are also shown by the macroeconomic indicators - a record of exported goods has been achieved and the 
growth of the sector's output has been achieved. It can therefore be concluded that the operations of the companies in the 
Covid-19 sector were not significantly affected, mainly at the very beginning of the Covid-19 crisis. 
The second largest industry (approximately 22%) in the SME and Midcap segment is wholesale. In wholesale similar as in the 
manufacturing, the impact of the Covid-19 crisis has varied across sub-sectors. For example, wholesalers of various raw 
materials and equipment have closed 2020 with very good results and have been able to improve their performance due to 
the growth of the manufacturing sector. Timber wholesalers did less well, having to cope with the fall in demand caused by 
BREXIT in addition to the breaks in logistics chains caused by Covid-19. However, at the end of 2020, a large number of timber 
wholesalers had found new outlets in Asian countries, as well as the ability to close the year without significant losses due to 
rising timber prices worldwide. Finally, 2020 has been a really difficult year for fuel and fuel wholesalers, as the price of these 
raw materials fell significantly in February and March 2020, causing additional losses in line with falling demand. According to 
the indicators of the companies in the sector, the demand for fuel and fuels has not really recovered by the end of 2020, but 
the positive thing is that most of the companies in this sector have sufficiently high equity ratios and owners with the ability to 
financially support companies. 
The third largest industry (approximately 18%) in the SME and Midcap segment is construction. The Covid-19 crisis affected this 
industry both directly and indirectly. Due to travel restrictions and illness of employees, the construction process was delayed 
in many companies and the company's cash flow suffered accordingly. In addition, suppliers changed the delivery terms by

--- Page 156 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
65 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(8) COVID-19 impact (cont’d) 
switching to prepayment and upsetting the usual project financing balance. Many of the industries directly affected by Covid-
19 abandoned construction projects or postponed them. However, in general, 2020 was not financially difficult for the industry, 
as expected, as the implementation of production buildings and other long-term projects replaced the suspended projects. 
Approximately ¾ of the guarantee portfolio for private individuals consists of housing guarantees – housing guarantees for a 
bank loan for the purchase or construction of a home for families with children and housing guarantees for a bank loan for 
the purchase or construction of a home for young specialists. The PD of the guarantee portfolio for private individuals has not 
changed compared to the unadjusted PD rates on 30.11.2019. and 30.11.2020. However, adjusted for macroeconomic 
factors, in particular changes in GDP, PD rates have increased significantly compared to 30.06.2020. and 30.11.2020. PD rates, 
thus reflecting the economic impact of Covid-19. No requests for guarantee compensation have been received regarding 
the impact of Covid-19 or the Covid-19 moratorium, as banks are not required to disclose payment reliefs applied to their 
customers. However, If such reliefs would be applied by banks in relation to the impact of Covid-19, this would be done within 
the framework of the Covid-19 moratorium and in all cases other risk parameters (including, but not limited to days past due 
and covenant breaches) were monitored and loan staging applied according to standard procedure. An additional risk 
mitigating factor is the guarantee compensation disbursement mechanism, which provides that compensation for declared 
guarantee events is paid within 3 years from the moment the guarantee event (default) is reported, and the bank recovers 
the debt either from the borrower's or guarantor's cash flow or collateral cash flows. Additional analysis of some of the factors 
that could affect the housing guarantee portfolio, such as a significant rise in unemployment, which would affect the ability 
of the households to service their mortgage liabilities, a sharp fall in real estate prices similar to 2008 or an increase in the 
EURIBOR index. which would significantly increase the cost of servicing mortgage loans, it can be seen that the actual 
unemployment rate, comparing data of January 2020 with data of January 2021, has increased from 7.4% to 8.8%, real estate 
prices in 2020 were stable, with a slight upward trend and the negative 6-month EURIBOR, comparing the beginning of 2020 
to the end of 2020, remained even more negative. 
Guarantees issued by the Group / Company to SME and Midcap client segment are split between (i) specific COVID-19 
related support instrument – SME loan credit holiday guarantees, portfolio guarantees and SME and Midcap companies loan 
holiday guarantees and (ii) daily (ordinary) guarantee product portfolio. 
Split of specific COVID-19 related support guarantee instruments for the SME and Midcap client segment guarantee portfolio 
by industries as at 31 December 2020, in thousands euro: 
  
Gross 
outstanding 
guarantees 
of which, 
issued in 2020 
Impairment 
allowance 
Net 
outstanding 
guarantees 
 % of Total 
gross 
outstanding 
guarantees, 
SME & Midcap 
Covid-19 more exposed industries 
  
  
  
  
  
Hotels and restaurants 
 5 190  
 5 190  
 640  
 4 550  
2.7% 
Retail 
 2 872  
 2 872  
 91  
 2 782  
1.5% 
Land transport services 
 2 899  
 2 899  
 490  
 2 409  
1.5% 
Art, entertainment and leasure 
 84  
 84  
 9  
 75  
0.0% 
Total Covid-19 more exposed industries 
 11 045  
 11 045  
 1 230  
 9 816  
5.9% 
Covid-19 less exposed industries 
  
  
  
  
  
Manufacturing 
 11 270  
 11 270  
 709  
 10 561  
6.0% 
Wholesale 
 8 882  
 8 882  
 910  
 7 972  
4.7% 
Construction 
 750  
 750  
 26  
 724  
0.4% 
Municipal authorities 
 4 378  
 4 378  
 216  
 4 162  
2.3% 
Information technologies and communication 
 63  
 63  
 1  
 62  
0.0% 
Professional, science and technical services 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
0.0% 
Forestry 
 447  
 447  
 58  
 389  
0.2% 
Electricity, gas and water utilities 
 458  
 458  
 48  
 410  
0.2% 
Real estate 
 366  
 366  
 41  
 325  
0.2% 
Health and social care 
 500  
 500  
 12  
 488  
0.3% 
Other industries  
 540  
 540  
 39  
 501  
0.3% 
Total Covid-19 less exposed industries 
 27 654  
 27 654  
 2 060  
 25 594  
14.7% 
Total specific COVID-19 related guarantee products * 
 38 699  
 38 699  
 3 290  
 35 410  
20.5% 
* Includes SME loan credit holiday guarantees, portfolio guarantees and SME and Midcap companies loan holiday guarantees

--- Page 157 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
66 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(8) COVID-19 impact (cont’d) 
Split of daily (ordinary) guarantee product portfolio of the SME and Midcap client segment by industries as at 31 December 
2020, in thousands euro: 
  
Gross 
outstanding 
guarantees 
of which, 
issued in 2020 
Impairment 
allowance 
Net 
outstanding 
guarantees 
 % of Total 
gross 
outstanding 
guarantees, 
SME & Midcap 
Covid-19 more exposed industries 
  
  
  
  
  
Hotels and restaurants 
 865  
 -    
 98  
 767  
0.5% 
Retail 
 5 717  
 917  
 447  
 5 270  
3.0% 
Land transport services 
 2 921  
 612  
 358  
 2 563  
1.5% 
Art, entertainment and leasure 
 305  
 96  
 21  
 284  
0.2% 
Total Covid-19 more exposed industries 
 9 808  
 1 625  
 924  
 8 884  
5.2% 
Covid-19 less exposed industries 
  
  
  
  
  
Manufacturing 
 46 109  
 12 365  
 3 778  
 42 330  
24.4% 
Wholesale 
 32 744  
 12 060  
 1 737  
 31 007  
17.3% 
Construction 
 34 406  
 8 288  
 3 471  
 30 936  
18.2% 
Municipal authorities 
 2 110  
 405  
 249  
 1 861  
1.1% 
Information technologies and communication 
 2 847  
 201  
 150  
 2 697  
1.5% 
Professional, science and technical services 
 5 247  
 2 788  
 309  
 4 939  
2.8% 
Forestry 
 8 511  
 5 891  
 515  
 7 996  
4.5% 
Electricity, gas and water utilities 
 2 952  
 280  
 521  
 2 431  
1.6% 
Real estate 
 3 773  
 869  
 174  
 3 599  
2.0% 
Health and social care 
 703  
 100  
 75  
 628  
0.4% 
Other industries  
 825  
 179  
 95  
 729  
0.4% 
Total Covid-19 less exposed industries 
 140 227  
 43 426  
 11 074  
 129 153  
74.3% 
Total daily (ordinary) guarantee products 
 150 035  
 45 051  
 11 998  
 138 037  
79.5% 
For daily (ordinary) guarantee product portfolio the guarantee application assessment process, including, accepted credit 
risk level, eligible credit rating of the client, expected debt service capacity has not been lowered by Covid-19 situation in 
2020. The same guarantee application assessment process applies to specific COVID-19 related support instruments. 
(v) Investments in venture capital funds  
In respect of investments in venture capital funds there might be some delay in timing where original exits were planned in 
2020-2021. However that does not negatively effect on the Group’s / Company’s liquidity position. 
The Covid-19 crisis still hinders new investments for the managers of the 4th generation venture capital funds thus challenging 
the selection of new projects and attraction of investors, implementing the Accelerator Programme and operations of start-
ups. However that does not negatively impact any Group’s / Company’s undertaken commitments.

--- Page 158 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
67 
 
4 Interest income 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
 
01.01.2020.-
31.12.2020. 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2020.-
31.12.2020. 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
Interest on loans and guarantees 
 14 777  
 11 786  
 14 777  
 11 786  
Interest on securities at fair value 
 1 628  
 1 529  
 1 628  
 1 529  
Interest on securities at amortised cost  
 22  
 12  
 22  
 12  
Other interest income 
 15  
 17  
 15  
 17  
Total interest income 
 16 442  
 13 344  
 16 442  
 13 344  
 
The Group’s / Company’s sub-item Interest income on loans and guarantees does not include interest income from loans and 
premium income on issued guarantees as well as commissions which, in accordance with the program agreements 
concluded with the Ministry of Economics, stipulates that the funding allocated by the Ministry of Economics (recognized in 
balance sheet item Support Programs Funding) must be increased by the respective program income. Accordingly, this type 
of income is not recognized as interest income, but is recognized as an increase in Support Programs Funding which in 2020 
amounts to EUR 1,307 thousand (2019: EUR 1,167 thousand). 
5 Interest expense 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
 
01.01.2020.-
31.12.2020. 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2020.-
31.12.2020. 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
Interest on balances due to credit institutions 
 585  
 446  
 585  
 446  
Interest on issued debt securities 
 745  
 495  
 745  
 495  
Allocation of state support programmes’ profit to support programme funding * 
 503  
 804  
 503  
 804  
Other commission expense 
 37  
 30  
 37  
 30  
Total interest expense 
 1 870  
 1 775  
 1 870  
 1 775  
 
* For particular state support programmes according to respective agreements concluded with the Ministry of Economics the 
net profit of the programme should be split between the Group / Company and the Ministry of Economics by increasing public 
funding given by the Ministry of Economics (recognised as Support programme funding in the Balance sheet). 
6 Income for implementation of state support 
programmes 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
01.01.2020.-
31.12.2020. 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2020.-
31.12.2020. 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
Compensation of expenses for management of state support programmes 
 2 183  
 2 335  
 2 183  
 2 335  
Compensation of venture capital fund management fees 
 3 447  
 3 247  
 3 447  
 3 247  
Compensation of expenses for management of state support programmes of the 
previous years 
 602  
 274  
 602  
 274  
Compensation of expenses of capital congestion 
 294  
 309  
 294  
 309  
Total income from implementation of state support programmes 
 6 526  
 6 165  
 6 526  
6 
165

--- Page 159 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
68 
 
7 
Expenses to be compensated for implementation 
of state support programmes 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
01.01.2020.-
31.12.2020. 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2020.-
31.12.2020. 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
Compensated staff costs 
 1 813  
 1 883  
 1 813  
 1 883  
Compensated administrative expense 
 370  
 452  
 370  
 452  
Compensated venture capital fund management fees 
 3 767  
 3 249  
 3 767  
 3 249  
Total compensated expense for implementation of state support programmes 
 5 950  
 5 584  
 5 950  
 5 584  
8 
Gains from debt securities and foreign exchange 
transactions 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
 
01.01.2020.-
31.12.2020. 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2020.-
31.12.2020. 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
Gain from disposal of securities measured at FVOCI 
 -    
 92  
 -    
 92  
(Loss) on currency exchange and trade and revaluation of other financial 
instruments, net 
 (56) 
 (2) 
 (56) 
 (2) 
Total gain from debt securities and foreign exchange transactions 
 (56) 
 90  
 (56) 
90 
 
9 
Other income 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
 
01.01.2020.-
31.12.2020. 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2020.-
31.12.2020. 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
Income from lease payments for operating leases 
 1 046  
 579  
 1 046  
 579  
Income from payments for financial leases 
 324  
 112  
 324  
 112  
Income from investment property revaluation 
 738  
 535  
 738  
 535  
Income from sale of investment property 
 27  
 76  
 27  
 76  
Income from sale of repossessed collateral 
 18  
 15  
 18  
 15  
Other commission income 
 20  
 3  
 20  
 3  
Income from mangement of the AIF “Altum capital fund” and compensation of set-
up costs 
 269  
 -    
 269  
 -    
Other operating income 
 611  
 848  
 611  
 848  
Total other income 
 3 053  
 2 168  
 3 053  
2 
168

--- Page 160 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
69 
 
10 Other expense 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
 
01.01.2020.-
31.12.2020. 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2020.-
31.12.2020. 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
Maintenance and service costs of Land Fund 
 400  
 208  
 400  
 208  
Debt collection costs 
 159  
 153  
 159  
 153  
Maintenance costs of repossessed collateral 
 3  
 19  
 3  
 19  
Revaluation of repossessed collateral 
 26  
 45  
 26  
 45  
Depreciation of right-of-use assets 
 138  
 124  
 138  
 124  
Commission expense on investments in securities 
 91  
 83  
 91  
 83  
AIF “Altum capital fund” management costs 
 247  
 -    
 247  
 -    
Loss from investments in subsidiaries 
 -    
 -    
 80  
 -    
Other commission expense 
 1  
 2  
 1  
 2  
Total other expense 
 1 065  
 634  
 1 145  
634 
 
11 Staff Costs 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
 
01.01.2020.-
31.12.2020. 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2020.-
31.12.2020. 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
Remuneration to the Supervisory Council and the Management Board * 
 459  
 568  
 459  
 568  
to the Supervisory Council 
 74  
 81  
 74  
 81  
to the Management Board 
 385  
 487  
 385  
 487  
Remuneration to staff 
 5 309  
 4 674  
 5 309  
 4 674  
Social security contributions 
 1 461  
 1 281  
 1 461  
 1 281  
Total staff costs 
 7 229  
 6 523  
 7 229  
 6 523  
Compensated staff costs (Note 7) 
 (1 813) 
 (1 883) 
 (1 813) 
 (1 883) 
Net staff costs 
 5 416  
 4 640  
 5 416  
 4 640  
 
* Remuneration to the Supervisory Council and the Management Board includes only short-term employee benefits. 
In 2020, the Group / Company employed 215 persons on average, incl. 5 members of the Supervisory Board and the Audit 
Committee (2019: 208). Number of employees engaged in implementation of support programmes as at 31 December 2020 
was 205 (31 December 2019: 196). 
12 Administrative expenses 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
 
01.01.2020.-
31.12.2020. 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2020.-
31.12.2020. 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
Information system and communication expense 
 488  
 452  
 488  
 452  
Premises and equipment maintenance expense 
 681  
 733  
 681  
 733  
Advertising and public relations 
 238  
 298  
 238  
 298  
Training and other staff expense 
 193  
 300  
 193  
 300  
Professional services * 
 361  
 285  
 361  
 285  
Other expense 
 69  
 73  
 69  
 73  
Real estate tax 
 171  
 132  
 171  
 132  
Total administrative expenses 
 2 201  
 2 273  
 2 201  
 2 273  
Compensated administrative expense (Note 7) 
 (370) 
 (452) 
 (370) 
 (452) 
Net administrative expenses 
 1 831  
 1 821  
 1 831  
 1 821  
 
* The Group’s / Company’s sub-item Professional services includes audit services in amount of EUR 60.0 thousand, which were 
received during 2020 from the Group’s / Company’s sworn auditor Deloitte Audits Latvia Ltd.

--- Page 161 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
70 
 
13 Impairment losses, net 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
 
01.01.2020.-
31.12.2020. 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2020.-
31.12.2020. 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
Impairment losses on: 
 17 089  
 9 998  
 17 009  
 9 998  
Loans, net 
 8 585  
 6 667  
 8 585  
 6 667  
impairment losses 
 12 225  
 8 793  
 12 225  
 8 793  
impairment losses covered by risk coverage reserve 
 (3 640) 
 (2 126) 
 (3 640) 
 (2 126) 
Disbursed guarantee compensations 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
impairment losses  
 57  
 -    
 57  
 -    
impairment losses covered by risk coverage reserve 
 (57) 
 -    
 (57) 
 -    
Grants 
 169  
 11  
 169  
 11  
Other assets 
 80  
 247  
 -    
 247  
Due from credit institutions and the Treasury 
 -    
 2  
 -    
 2  
Financial assets related to loan agreements 
 137  
 161  
 137  
 161  
Debt securities 
 -    
 7  
 -    
 7  
Guarantees, net 
 6 484  
 2 641  
 6 484  
 2 641  
impairment losses  
 14 442  
 15 752  
 14 442  
 15 752  
impairment losses covered by risk coverage reserve 
 (7 958) 
 (13 111) 
 (7 958) 
 (13 111) 
Loan commitments, net 
 1 564  
 253  
 1 564  
 253  
impairment losses  
 1 953  
 608  
 1 953  
 608  
impairment losses covered by risk coverage reserve 
 (389) 
 (355) 
 (389) 
 (355) 
Grant commitments 
 70  
 9  
 70  
 9  
Reversal of impairment on: 
 (12 721) 
 (9 952) 
 (12 721) 
 (9 952) 
Loans, net 
 (6 348) 
 (4 718) 
 (6 348) 
 (4 718) 
reversal of impairment 
 (8 130) 
 (5 897) 
 (8 130) 
 (5 897) 
reversal of impairment covered by risk coverage reserve 
 1 782  
 1 179  
 1 782  
 1 179  
Disbursed guarantee compensations 
 (188) 
 (1 788) 
 (188) 
 (1 788) 
reversal of impairment 
 (323) 
 (1 902) 
 (323) 
 (1 902) 
reversal of impairment covered by risk coverage reserve 
 135  
 114  
 135  
 114  
Grants 
 (5) 
 (13) 
 (5) 
 (13) 
Other assets 
 (358) 
 -    
 (358) 
 -    
Due from credit institutions and the Treasury 
 (2) 
 (5) 
 (2) 
 (5) 
Financial assets related to loan agreements 
 (60) 
 (44) 
 (60) 
 (44) 
Debt securities 
 (177) 
 (43) 
 (177) 
 (43) 
Guarantees, net 
 (4 566) 
 (3 126) 
 (4 566) 
 (3 126) 
reversal of impairment 
 (13 060) 
 (6 692) 
 (13 060) 
 (6 692) 
reversal of impairment covered by risk coverage reserve 
 8 494  
 3 566  
 8 494  
 3 566  
Loan commitments, net 
 (1 010) 
 (208) 
 (1 010) 
 (208) 
reversal of impairment 
 (1 398) 
 (1 369) 
 (1 398) 
 (1 369) 
reversal of impairment covered by risk coverage reserve 
 388  
 1 161  
 388  
 1 161  
Grant commitments 
 (7) 
 (7) 
 (7) 
 (7) 
Total impairment losses / (reversal), net 
 4 368  
 46  
 4 288  
 46  
Recovery of loans written off in previous periods 
 (888) 
 (1 745) 
 (888) 
 (1 745) 
Total impairment losses and (income) from recovery of loans written-off 
 3 480  
 (1 699) 
 3 400  
 (1 699) 
 
Additional information Including on impairment allowances covered by Portfolio Loss Reserve (Special Reserve Capital) upon 
approval of the 2020 annual report available in Note 3.1.

--- Page 162 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
71 
 
14 Due from credit institutions and the Treasury 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
Due from credit institutions and State Treasury 
 359 949  
 181 201  
 359 949  
 181 049  
cash and cash equivalent 
 359 949  
 176 199  
 359 949  
 176 047  
Impairment allowances 
 -    
 (2) 
 -    
 (2) 
Net due from credit institutions and State Treasury 
 359 949  
 181 199  
 359 949  
 181 047  
 
Placing the funds within the Treasury of the Republic of Latvia and credit institutions, the external credit ratings assigned to 
these credit institutions are evaluated. The evaluation of the credit institutions not having been assigned individual ratings is 
based on the ratings assigned to their parent banks as well as their financial and operational assessments. Once the contracts 
have been concluded, the Group / Company monitors the credit institutions and follows that the assigned limits comply with 
credit risk assessment. All balances due from credit institutions and State Treasury represent Stage 1 for the ECL calculation 
purposes. There were no changes in staging during the reporting period, but there were changes in the calculated ECL during 
the reporting period due to term deposit that expired in 2020. 
Breakdown of the Group’s balances due from credit institutions and the Treasury by credit rating categories based on Moody's 
ratings or their equivalent, in thousands of euro: 
Ratings 
Aaa 
Aa1-
Aa3 
A1-A3 
Baa1-
Baa3 
Ba1-Ba3 
B1-B3 
Caa-C 
Withdrawn 
rating 
(WR) 
Total 
Due from credit institutions registered in the 
Republic of Latvia and the Treasury 
 -    
 12 435  
 138 364  
 23 973  
 6 427  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 181 199  
Total gross as at 31 December 2019 
 -    
 12 435  
 138 364  
 23 973  
 6 427  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 181 199  
Due from credit institutions registered in the 
Republic of Latvia and the Treasury 
 -  
 3 965  
 336 739  
 9 561  
 9 684  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 359 949  
Total gross as at 31 December 2020 
 -  
 3 965  
 336 739  
 9 561  
 9 684  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 359 949  
 
Breakdown of the Company’s balances due from credit institutions and the Treasury by credit rating categories based on 
Moody's ratings or their equivalent, in thousands of euro: 
Ratings 
Aaa 
Aa1-
Aa3 
A1-A3 
Baa1-
Baa3 
Ba1-Ba3 
B1-B3 
Caa-C 
Withdrawn 
rating 
(WR) 
Total 
Due from credit institutions registered in the 
Republic of Latvia and the Treasury 
 -    
 12 435  
 138 364  
 23 821  
 6 427  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 181 047  
Total gross as at 31 December 2019 
 -    
 12 435  
 138 364  
 23 821  
 6 427  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 181 047  
Due from credit institutions registered in the 
Republic of Latvia and the Treasury 
 -    
 3 965  
 336 739  
 9 561  
 9 684  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 359 949  
Total gross as at 31 December 2020 
 -    
 3 965  
 336 739  
 9 561  
 9 684  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 359 949  
 
As at 31 December 2020, the Group/Company held accounts with 4 banks and the Treasury of the Republic of Latvia. The 
increase in balances Due from credit institutions and the Treasury is due to the financing from the Ministry of Economics and 
European Investment Bank for implementation of the state aid programmes for companies in order to mitigate the negative 
impact of Covid-19, the average interest rate on balances due from credit institutions was 0.0% (31 December 2019: -0.02%).

--- Page 163 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
72 
 
15 Investment Securities 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
Investment securities valued at amortised cost 
  
  
  
  
Latvian Treasury bills and government bonds 
 407  
 439  
 407  
 439  
OECD corporate bonds 
 3 433  
 3 926  
 3 433  
 3 926  
Total investment securities valued at amortised cost 
 3 840  
 4 365  
 3 840  
 4 365  
Impairment allowances 
 (3 399) 
 (3 887) 
 (3 399) 
 (3 887) 
Net investment securities valued at amortised cost 
 441  
 478  
 441  
 478  
Investment securities valued at fair value through other comprehensive income 
  
  
  
  
Latvian Treasury bills and government bonds 
 36 958  
 47 941  
 36 958  
 47 941  
Total investment securities valued at fair value through other comprehensive 
income 
 36 958  
 47 941  
 36 958  
 47 941  
 
  
  
  
  
Total gross investment securities 
 40 798  
 52 306  
 40 798  
 52 306  
Total net investment securities 
 37 399  
 48 419  
 37 399  
 48 419  
When making investments in securities, the Group / Company analyses the external credit ratings assigned to these financial 
institutions and entities and their financial and operational standing. Once funds are placed, the Group / Company monitors 
the monetary financial institutions and follows the compliance of the imposed limits to the credit risk rating. All Latvian Treasury 
bills and government bonds are Stage 1 instruments for ECL purposes, while all OECD corporate bonds are Stage 3 instruments, 
as these are already defaulted. There were no movements among Stages during the year. 
Breakdown of the Group’s / Company’s investment securities by credit rating categories based on Moody's ratings or their 
equivalent, in thousands of euro: 
Ratings 
Aaa 
Aa1-
Aa3 
A1-A3 
Baa1-
Baa3 
Ba1-Ba3 
B1-B3 
Caa-C 
Withdrawn 
rating 
(WR) 
Total 
Investment securities valued at fair value 
through other comprehensive income 
 -    
 -    
 47 941  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 47 941  
Investment securities valued at amortised 
cost 
 -    
 -    
 439  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 3 926  
 4 365  
Total gross as at 31 December 2019 
 -    
 -    
 48 380  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 3 926  
 52 306  
Investment securities valued at fair value 
through other comprehensive income 
 -    
 -    
 36 958  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 36 958  
Investment securities valued at amortised 
cost 
 -    
 -    
 407  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 3 433  
 3 840  
Total gross as at 31 December 2020 
 -    
 -    
 37 365  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 3 433  
 40 798  
 
The information about classification of investment securities is available in Note 2 (5) item (iv). All securities are quoted. The 
average yield on debt securities was 4.54% as at 31 December 2020 (2019: 2.09%) 
16 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
Investments of subsidiaries in underlying undertakings 
 5 425  
 4 217  
Total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss - investments of subsidiaries 
in underlying undertakings 
 5 425  
 4 217  
 
In 2020, the Company made disbursements to the 4nd generation venture capital funds. Some of these funds are classified 
as investments in subsidiaries. At the Group level the equity investments made by the subsidiaries are consolidated. None of 
these equity investments represent a controlling stake. For more information on the classification see Note 22, for accounting 
policy Note 2 (6) item (iv).

--- Page 164 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
73 
 
17 Investments in Associates 
The Group’s / Company’s investments in associates based on information provided by venture capital fund managers, in 
thousands of euro: 
 
 
Equity of venture capital fund 
Carrying Amount 
Company or venture capital fund generation 
Country of incorporation 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
The 1st generation VCFs  
LV 
 -    
 2 387  
 -    
 1 508  
The 2nd generation VCFs 
LV 
 19 652  
 18 227  
 12 953  
 12 990  
The 3rd generation VCFs 
LV 
 16 974  
 21 493  
 16 376  
 21 308  
The 4th generation VCFs 
LV 
 6 459  
 8 622  
 3 640  
 2 636  
AIF “Altum capital fund” 
LV 
 138  
 -    
 -    
 -    
Baltic Innovation Fund * 
LU 
 79 570  
 72 190  
 15 019  
 13 851  
Total investments in associates 
  
 122 793  
 122 919  
 47 988  
 52 293  
 
* Investments in Associates are stated under the equity method, except for investments in Baltic Innovation Fund that are valued at fair value 
through profit or loss. 
 
As at 31 December 2020 the total venture capital funds’ portfolio value at cost value was EUR 73,165 thousand (as at 31 
December 2019: EUR 68,331 thousand). 
Movement in the Group’s / Company’s investments in associates, in thousands of euro: 
 
Investments in venture 
capital ffunds 
Investments in AIF “Altum 
capital fund” 
Investments in Baltic 
Innovation Fund 
Total 
 
01.01.2020.-
31.12.2020. 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2020.-
31.12.2020. 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2020.-
31.12.2020. 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2020.-
31.12.2020. 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
Carrying amount at the beginning of 
period 
 38 442  
 39 252  
 -    
 -    
 13 851  
 10 988  
 52 293  
 50 240  
Invested 
 1 546  
 2 616  
 -    
 -    
 3 129  
 3 708  
 4 675  
 6 324  
Refunded 
 (6 196) 
 (3 290) 
 -    
 -    
 (2 499) 
 (778) 
 (8 695) 
 (4 068) 
Reclassified 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (250) 
 -    
 (250) 
Mezzanine interest received and 
realised gain on exit 
 1 271  
 1 133 * 
 -    
 -    
 250  
 165  
 1 521  
 1 298  
Share of net loss of investment in 
associate  
 (2 094) 
 (1 269) * 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (2 094) 
 (1 269) 
Remeasurement gain of investment 
in associate at fair value through 
profit or loss  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 288  
 18  
 288  
 18  
Net carrying amount at the period 
ended at 31 December 
 32 969  
 38 442  
 -    
 -    
 15 019  
 13 851  
 47 988  
 52 293  
 
* Comparatives for the year ended 31 December 2019 disclosed separately instead of netting off. 
 
In 2020, the Group’s / Company’s expenses that were compensated by support programme funding (see Note 31) included: 
▪ Management fees for the 2nd and 3rd generation venture capital funds amounted EUR 921 thousand (2019: EUR 825 
thousand) which were compensated from the risk coverage reserve; 
▪ Management fees for the 4th generation venture capital funds amounted EUR 807 thousand (2019: EUR 481 thousand) 
which were compensated from the risk coverage reserve; 
▪ Management fees for the Baltic Innovation Fund amounted EUR 236 thousand (2019: EUR 94 thousand) which were 
compensated from the risk coverage reserve; 
▪ Management fees for the AIF “Altum capital fund” amounted EUR 207 thousand (2019: 0). 
Part of disbursements made into the 4th generation venture capital funds are classified as Investments in subsidiaries (detailed 
information is available in Note 1) and management fees of such funds amounted EUR 1,317 thousand (2019: EUR 1,219 
thousand) which were compensated from the Risk Coverage reserve.

--- Page 165 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
74 
 
18 Other Investments 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
Baltic Innovation Fund II 
 806  
 250  
 806  
 250  
Three Seas Initiatives Investment Fund 
 6 696  
 -    
 6 696  
 -    
Total other investments 
 7 502  
 250  
 7 502  
 250  
Baltic Innovation Fund 2 (BIF 2) is a EUR 156,000 thousand Fund-of-Funds initiative launched by the European Investment Fund 
(EIF) in co-operation with the Baltic national promotional institutions – KredEx (Estonia), Altum (Latvia) and Invega (Lithuania). 
BIF 2 continues to sustain investments into private equity and venture capital funds focused on the Baltic States to boost equity 
investments into SMEs with high growth potential. The Group / Company signed agreement on BIF 2 on 16 August 2019. The 
total capital committed by the Group / Company to the BIF2 is EUR 26,500 thousand thus arriving at the ownership rate 16.99% 
of the total committed capital of the BIF 2 (EUR 156,000 thousand). 
The Three Seas Initiative Investment Fund is a new financial instrument for financing and developing infrastructure projects in 
12 countries, including Latvia, aimed at reducing infrastructure development gaps between different European regions. The 
Three Seas Initiative Investment Fund is a new financial instrument to support transport, energy and digitalization infrastructure 
projects in Central and Eastern Europe. The Group / Company signed the subscription agreement on 16 September 2020. The 
total capital committed by the Group / Company to the Three Seas Initiative Investment Fund is EUR 20,000 thousand thus 
arriving at the ownership rate 3.57% of the total committed capital the Three Seas Initiative Investment Fund (EUR 560,000 
thousand). 
Accounting policies of other investments are described in Note 2 (6) 
19 Loans 
The loans granted constitute the Group’s / Company’s balances due from residents of Latvia. 
The Group’s / Company’s loans by the borrower profile, in thousands of euro: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
SME and Midcaps 
 168 262  
 99 282  
 168 262  
 99 282  
Agriculture 
 124 297  
 113 711  
 124 297  
 113 711  
Private individuals 
 8 025  
 9 578  
 8 025  
 9 578  
Financial Intermediaries 
 1 897  
 2 573  
 1 897  
 2 573  
Land Fund 
 31 500  
 15 268  
 31 500  
 15 268  
Total gross loans 
 333 981  
 240 412  
 333 981  
 240 412  
Impairment allowances 
 (20 713) 
 (20 283) 
 (20 713) 
 (20 283) 
Total net loans 
 313 268  
 220 129  
 313 268  
 220 129

--- Page 166 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
75 
 
19 Loans (cont’d) 
Breakdown of the Group’s / Company's loans by industries, in thousands of euro: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
Agriculture and forestry 
 155 682  
 123 413  
 155 682  
 123 413  
Manufacturing 
 67 807  
 50 035  
 67 807  
 50 035  
Retail and wholesale 
 32 378  
 15 272  
 32 378  
 15 272  
Real estate 
 10 273  
 7 543  
 10 273  
 7 543  
Construction 
 9 328  
 2 358  
 9 328  
 2 358  
Municipal authorities 
 8 328  
 1 562  
 8 328  
 1 562  
Hotels and restaurants 
 8 214  
 4 375  
 8 214  
 4 375  
Electricity, gas and water utilities 
 7 097  
 7 266  
 7 097  
 7 266  
Transport, warehousing and communications 
 5 227  
 1 045  
 5 227  
 1 045  
Professional, science and technical services 
 4 878  
 2 649  
 4 878  
 2 649  
Health and social care 
 4 479  
 3 684  
 4 479  
 3 684  
Information technologies and communication 
 3 073  
 579  
 3 073  
 579  
Fishing 
 1 647  
 1 786  
 1 647  
 1 786  
Other industries  
 7 545  
 5 936  
 7 545  
 5 936  
Private individuals 
 8 025  
 12 909  
 8 025  
 12 909  
Total gross loans 
 333 981  
 240 412  
 333 981  
 240 412  
Impairment allowances 
 (20 713) 
 (20 283) 
 (20 713) 
 (20 283) 
Total net loans 
 313 268  
 220 129  
 313 268  
 220 129  
 
 
Analysis of the loan amount, equalling to or exceeding EUR 1,000 thousand, issued to one customer: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
Number of customers 
 36  
 29  
 36  
 29  
Total credit exposure of customers (EUR ‘000) 
 62 821  
 42 623  
 62 821  
 42 623  
Percentage of total gross portfolio of loans 
18.81% 
17.73% 
18.81% 
17.73% 
 
Movement in the Group’s / Company’s impairment allowances, in thousands of euro: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
01.01.2020.-
31.12.2020. 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2020.-
31.12.2020. 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
Impairment allowances at the beginning of the period 
 20 283  
 19 376  
 20 283  
 19 376  
Increase in impairment allowances (Note 13) 
 12 225  
 8 793  
 12 225  
 8 793  
Decrease in impairment allowances (Note 13) 
 (8 130) 
 (5 897) 
 (8 130) 
 (5 897) 
Write-off of loans  
 (3 665) 
 (1 989) 
 (3 665) 
 (1 989) 
Currency change 
 -    
  
 -    
  
Impairment allowances at the end of the period ended 31 December 
 20 713  
 20 283  
 20 713  
 20 283  
Group’s / Company’s share of impairment allowances 
 14 219  
 14 917  
 14 219 
 14 917  
Impairment allowances covered by risk coverage 
 6 494  
 5 367  
 6 494  
 5 367  
 
As at 31 December 2020 the average annual interest rate for the loan portfolio of the Group / Company was 4.05% (31 
December 2019: 4.19%).

--- Page 167 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
76 
 
20 Grants 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
Energy Efficiency Programme for Multi-apartment Buildings 
 30 053  
 16 826  
 30 053  
 16 826  
Social Entrepreneurship Programme 
 1 065  
 371  
 1 065  
 371  
Grants for development of energy efficiency projects 
 -    
 1  
 -    
 1  
Housing grant programme “Balsts” 
 164  
 -    
 164  
 -    
Total grants, gross 
 31 282  
 17 198  
 31 282  
 17 198  
Impairment allowances 
 (175) 
 (12) 
 (175) 
 (12) 
Total grants, net 
 31 107  
 17 186  
 31 107  
 17 186  
 
Movement in the Group’s / Company’s net book value of grants in 2020, in thousands of euro: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
01.01.2020.-
31.12.2020. 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2020.-
31.12.2020. 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
Grants 
  
  
  
  
At the beginning of period 
 17 198  
 22 575  
 17 198  
 22 575  
Changes 
 14 084  
 (5 377) 
 14 084  
(5 377) 
At the end of period ended 31 December 
 31 282  
 17 198  
 31 282  
 17 198  
Impairment allowances  
  
  
  
 -    
At the beginning of period 
 (12) 
 (14) 
 (12) 
 (14) 
Changes 
 (163) 
 2  
 (163) 
 2  
At the end of period ended 31 December 
 (175) 
 (12) 
 (175) 
 (12) 
Grants net book at the beginning of the period 
 17 174  
 22 561  
 17 174  
 22 561  
Grants net book value at the end of the period ended 31 December 
 31 107  
 17 186  
 31 107  
 17 186  
 
21 Investment Properties 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
Carrying amount at the beginning of period 
 24 366  
 14 794  
 24 366  
 14 794  
Acquired during the reporting period 
 11 695  
 9 145  
 11 695  
 9 145  
Disposals during the reporting period 
 (40) 
 (98) 
 (40) 
 (98) 
Net gain from fair value adjustment  
 737  
 525  
 737  
 525  
Carrying amount at the end of the period  
 36 758  
 24 366  
 36 758  
 24 366  
 
All acquisitions of investment properties made in 2020 were related to the activities of the Land Fund programme. 
The Land Fund was established on 1 July 2015. According to the Cabinet of Ministers decree dated March 11, 2015, the Group 
/ Company is the manager of the Land Fund. The Law “On Land Privatisation in Rural Areas” stipulated establishment of the 
Land Fund. The Land Fund of Latvia is one of the tools used to ensure that agricultural land is preserved and used for agricultural 
purposes. 
The accounting policy for investment properties is described in Note 2 (9) item (iv). 
22 Investments in Subsidiaries 
In 2020, disbursements were made to the 4nd generation venture capital funds, some of which are classified as investments 
in subsidiaries, but some as investments in associates. All these investments are made into newly established venture capital 
funds with payments made upon call for funds. The Company has the right to appoint fund manager and fund manager is 
governing each particular venture capital fund. The Company also has ability to unconditionally remove fund manager. This 
ability expires within two years after certain date determined in each separate agreement with fund manager. 
At the Group level the investments in subsidiaries are consolidated. For more information on the structure of the Group see 
Note 1. Accounting policies of investments in subsidiaries are described in Note 2 (2) and Note 2 (6) item (iii).

--- Page 168 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
77 
 
22 Investments in Subsidiaries (cont’d) 
Breakdown of the Company’s investments in the share capital of subsidiaries, in thousands of euro: 
 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
KS Overkill Ventures Fund I 
 817  
 550  
KS Buildit Latvia Pre-Seed Fund  
 753  
 608  
KS Commercialization Reactor Pre-seed Fund 
 750  
 510  
KS INEC 1 
 1 696  
 1 312  
KS INEC 2 
 863  
 832  
Total investments in the share capital of subsidiaries 
 4 879  
 3 812  
 
Breakdown of subsidiaries’ net assets value and profit or loss volume in 2020, which is based on audited venture capital funds’ 
financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020, in thousands of euro: 
 
Net assets value 
Profit or loss 
 
 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2020.-
31.12.2020. 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
KS Overkill Ventures Fund I 
 -    
 569  
 -    
 (331) 
KS Buildit Latvia Pre-Seed Fund  
 1 017  
 723  
 (343) 
 (359) 
KS Commercialization Reactor Pre-seed Fund 
 -    
 622  
 -    
 (303) 
KS INEC 1 
 2 845  
 1 772  
 (282) 
 (197) 
KS INEC 2 
 1 118  
 925  
 (381) 
 (148) 
Total 
 4 980  
 4 611  
 (1 006) 
(1 
338) 
23 Intangible Assets 
Breakdown of the Group’s / Company’s net book value of intangible assets, in thousands of euro: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
Computer software 
 1 398  
 1 395  
 1 398  
 1 395  
Total intangible assets 
 1 398  
 1 395  
 1 398  
 1 395  
Movement in the Group’s / Company’s net book value of intangible assets, in thousands of euro: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
Original cost 
  
  
  
  
At the beginning of period 
 4 393  
 5 111  
 4 393  
 5 111  
Additions 
 392  
 323  
 392  
 323  
Disposals 
 -    
 (1 041) 
 -    
 (1 041) 
At the end of period ended at December 31 
 4 785  
 4 393  
 4 785  
 4 393  
Accumulated depreciation 
  
  
  
  
At the beginning of period 
 2 998  
 3 764  
 2 998  
 3 764  
Depreciation charge 
 389  
 275  
 389  
 275  
Disposals 
 -    
 (1 041) 
 -    
 (1 041) 
At the end of period ended at December 31 
 3 387  
 2 998  
 3 387  
 2 998  
Net book value at the beginning of period 
 1 395  
 1 347  
 1 395  
 1 347  
Net book value as at 31 December 
 1 398  
 1 395  
 1 398  
 1 395

--- Page 169 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
78 
 
24 Property, Plant and Equipment 
The Group / Company uses assets that have been fully depreciated. 
Breakdown of the Group’s / Company’s property, plant and equipment, in thousands of euros: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
Property, plant and equipment 
 4 298  
 4 191  
 4 298  
 4 191  
Right-of-use assets 
 419  
 503  
 419  
 503  
Total property, plant and equipment 
 4 717  
 4 694  
 4 717  
 4 694  
 
Movement in the Group’s / Company’s carrying amount of property, plant and equipment, in thousands of euro: 
 
* Office equipment includes such fixed assets categories as furniture and fittings and computers and equipment, Note 2 (9) 
item (ii). 
 
 
 
 
Land and 
buildings 
Vehicles 
Office 
equipment * 
Leasehold 
improvements 
Total 
Cost at 31 December 2018 
 4 609  
 427  
 5 494  
 380  
 10 910  
Accumulated depreciation 
 (1 340) 
 (427) 
 (4 538) 
 (331) 
 (6 636) 
Impairment allowances 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (46) 
 (46) 
Carrying amount at 31 December 2018 
 3 269  
 -    
 956  
 3  
 4 228  
Transfers upon adoption of IFRS 16 
 -    
 -    
  
 (380) 
 (380) 
Additions 
 180  
 -    
 298  
 -    
 478  
Disposals 
 -    
 (295) 
 (280) 
 -    
 (575) 
Depreciation charge 
 (170) 
  
 (329) 
 -    
 (499) 
Change in depreciation from disposals 
 -    
 295  
 267  
 331  
 893  
Change in impairment allowances 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 46  
 46  
Carrying amount at 31 December 2019 
 3 279  
 -    
 912  
 -    
 4 191  
Cost at 31 December 2019 
 4 789  
 132  
 5 512  
 -    
 10 433  
Accumulated depreciation 
 (1 510) 
 (132) 
 (4 600) 
 -    
 (6 242) 
Carrying amount at 31 December 2019 
 3 279  
 -    
 912  
 -    
 4 191  
Additions 
 317  
 -    
 439  
 -    
 756  
Disposals 
 (130) 
 (88) 
 (887) 
 -    
 (1 105) 
Depreciation charge 
 (187) 
 -    
 (341) 
 -    
 (528) 
Change in depreciation from disposals 
 14  
 88  
 882  
  
 984  
Change in impairment allowances 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Carrying amount at 31 December 2020 
 3 293  
 -    
 1 005  
 -    
 4 298  
Cost at 31 December 2020 
 4 976  
 44  
 5 064  
 -    
 10 084  
Accumulated depreciation 
 (1 683) 
 (44) 
 (4 059) 
 -    
 (5 786) 
Impairment allowances 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Carrying amount at 31 December 2020 
 3 293  
 -    
 1 005  
 -    
 4 298

--- Page 170 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
79 
 
25 Property, Plant and Equipment (cont’d) 
Movement in the Group’s / Company’s carrying amount of right-of-use assets, in thousands of euro: 
 
* Office equipment includes such fixed assets categories as furniture and fittings and computers and equipment, Note 2 (9) 
item (ii). 
26  Other Assets 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
Financial assets 
 5 603  
 6 095  
 5 568  
 6 095  
Other assets (repossessed collateral) 
 28  
 503  
 28  
 503  
Total other assets, gross 
 5 631  
 6 598  
 5 596  
 6 598  
Impairment allowances for financial assets 
 (1 960) 
 (3 028) 
 (1 960) 
 (3 028) 
Group’s / Company’s share of provisions 
 (1 078) 
 (2 204) 
 (1 078) 
 (2 204) 
Provisions covered by risk coverage 
 (882) 
 (824) 
 (882) 
 (824) 
Total financial assets, net 
 3 643  
 3 067  
 3 608  
 3 067  
Total other assets, net 
 3 671  
 3 570  
 3 636  
 3 570  
 
The Group’s / Company’s sub-item Other assets (repossessed collateral) includes assets that have been taken over in the debt 
collection process and are held to be sold in the ordinary course of business. 
 
 
 
Land and 
buildings 
Vehicles 
Office 
equipment * 
Leasehold 
improvements 
Total 
Cost transferred upon adoption of IFRS 16 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 380  
 380  
Accumulated depreciation 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (331) 
 (331) 
Impairment allowances 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (46) 
 (46) 
Carrying amount at 31 December 2018 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 3  
 3  
Additions 
 555  
 183  
 -    
 -    
 738  
Disposals 
 (121) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (121) 
Depreciation charge 
 (81) 
 (33) 
 -    
 (3) 
 (117) 
Carrying amount at 31 December 2019 
 353  
 150  
 -    
 -    
 503  
Cost at 31 December 2019 
 434  
 183  
 -    
 380  
 997  
Accumulated depreciation 
 (81) 
 (33) 
 -    
 (334) 
 (448) 
Impairment allowances 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (46) 
 (46) 
Carrying amount at 31 December 2019 
 353  
 150  
 -    
 -    
 503  
Additions 
 -    
 45  
 -    
 -    
 45  
Disposals 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (380) 
 (380) 
Depreciation charge 
 (86) 
 (43) 
 -    
 334  
 205  
Change in depreciation from disposals 
 -    
 -    
 -    
  
 -    
Change in impairment allowances 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 46  
 46  
Carrying amount at 31 December 2020 
 267  
 152  
 -    
 -    
 419  
Cost at 31 December 2020 
 434  
 228  
 -    
 -    
 662  
Accumulated depreciation 
 (167) 
 (76) 
 -    
 -    
 (243) 
Carrying amount at 31 December 2020 
 267  
 152  
 -    
 -    
 419

--- Page 171 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
80 
 
26 Other Assets (cont’d) 
Movement in the Group’s net book value of financial assets in 2020, in thousands of euro: 
 
Disbursed 
guarantee 
compensations 
Financial assets 
related to loan 
agreements 
Other financial 
assets 
Total 
Financial assets  
  
  
  
  
At the beginning of period 
 2 361  
 164  
 3 571  
 6 096  
Changes 
 (737) 
 116  
 128  
 (493) 
As at 31 December 2020 
 1 624  
 280  
 3 699  
 5 603  
Impairment provision  
  
  
  
  
At the beginning of period 
 (2 361) 
 (142) 
 (525) 
 (3 028) 
Changes in impairment allowances 
 737  
 (27) 
 358  
 1 068  
As at 31 December 2020 
 (1 624) 
 (169) 
 (167) 
 (1 960) 
Net book value at the beginning of period 
 -    
 22  
 3 046  
 3 068  
Net book value as at 31 December 2020 
 -    
 111  
 3 532  
 3 643  
Movement in the Company’s net book value of financial assets in 2020, in thousands of euro: 
 
Disbursed 
guarantee 
compensations 
Financial assets 
related to loan 
agreements 
Other financial 
assets 
Total 
Financial assets  
  
  
  
  
At the beginning of period 
 2 361  
 164  
 3 571  
 6 096  
Changes 
 (737) 
 116  
 93  
 (528) 
As at 31 December 2020 
 1 624  
 280  
 3 664  
 5 568  
Impairment provision  
  
  
  
  
At the beginning of period 
 (2 361) 
 (142) 
 (525) 
 (3 028) 
Changes in impairment allowances 
 737  
 (27) 
 358  
 1 068  
As at 31 December 2020 
 (1 624) 
 (169) 
 (167) 
 (1 960) 
Net book value at the beginning of period 
 -    
 22  
 3 046  
 3 068  
Net book value as at 31 December 2020 
 -    
 111  
 3 497  
 3 608  
 
Movement in the Group’s / Company’s net book value of financial assets in 2019, in thousands of euro: 
 
Disbursed 
guarantee 
compensations 
Financial assets 
related to loan 
agreements 
Other financial 
assets 
Total 
Financial assets  
  
  
  
  
At the beginning of period 
 5 694  
 1 142  
 938  
 7 774  
Changes 
 (3 333) 
 (978) 
 2 633  
 (1 678) 
As at 31 December 2019 
 2 361  
 164  
 3 571  
 6 096  
Impairment provision  
  
  
  
  
At the beginning of period 
 5 694  
 76  
 265  
 6 035  
Changes in impairment allowances 
 (3 333) 
 66  
 260  
 (3 007) 
As at 31 December 2019 
 2 361  
 142  
 525  
 3 028  
Net book value at the beginning of period 
 -    
 1 066  
 673  
 1 739  
Net book value as at 31 December 2019 
 -    
 22  
 3 046  
 3 068  
 
Movement in the Group’s / Company’s book value of repossessed collateral, in thousands of euro: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
At the beginning of period 
 503  
 820  
 503  
 820  
Additions 
 53  
 1 502  
 53  
 1 502  
Disposals 
 (528) 
 (1 138) 
 (528) 
 (1 138) 
Reclassified 
 -    
 (636) 
 -    
 (636) 
Revaluation 
 -    
 (45) 
 -    
 (45) 
Total other assets at the end of period ended 31 December 
 28  
 503  
 28  
503

--- Page 172 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
81 
 
27 Deferred Expense 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
Management fees paid in advance to venture capital funds’ managers 
 495  
 490  
 495  
 490  
Other deferred expense 
 254  
 204  
 254  
 204  
Total deferred expense 
 749  
 694  
 749  
694 
 
28 Accrued Income 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
Compensation for management expenses of state support programs 
 772  
 1 649  
 772  
 1 649  
Other accrued income 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Total accrued income 
 772  
 1 649  
 772  
 1 649  
29 Assets Held for Sale 
The Group’s / Company’s gain / (loss) on the revaluation of assets held for sale, in thousands of euro: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
 
01.01.2020.-
31.12.2020. 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2020.-
31.12.2020. 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
(Loss) on the revaluation of assets held for sale 
 - 
 (105) 
 - 
 (105) 
Total (loss) on the revaluation of assets held for sale 
 - 
 (105) 
 - 
 (105) 
 
More information is available in Note 2 (9) item (vi). 
30 Due to Credit Institutions 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
Due to credit institutions registered in OECD countries 
 65 855  
 29 542  
 65 855  
 29 542  
Total due to credit institutions 
 65 855  
 29 542  
 65 855  
 29 542  
 
Subitem Balances due to credit institutions registered in the OECD countries include loan received by the Group / Company 
from the European Investment Bank (EIB) of EUR 65,855 thousand (31.12.2019: EUR 29,542 thousand), of which EUR 22 thousand 
constitutes accrued interest expenses (31.12.2019: EUR 28 thousand). In the reporting period, the Group / Company repaid 
the principal in amount of EUR 8,680 thousand. The Ministry of Finance of the Republic of Latvia has issued a guarantee for the 
loan of EUR 20,855 thousand (31.12.2019: EUR 29,542 thousand), which is considered a parent guarantee on behalf of the 
Group / Company.  
In December 2019, Altum signed a loan agreement with the European Investment Bank for EUR 18,000 thousand for funding 
sustainable climate change mitigation projects. In addition to funds raised by green bonds, this funding will allow for offering 
loans to enterprises and ESCO with a considerably longer maturity up to 15 years aligning it with the investment project 
payback period. The drawdown of the loan still has not started. The loan is unsecured. 
On July 8, 2020, Altum signed an agreement with the European Investment Bank for a loan of EUR 80,000 thousand to finance 
working capital loans to small and medium-sized enterprises affected by the Covid-19. In July the first tranche of the loan in 
the amount of EUR 30,000 thousand was received and its final repayment date is May 20, 2025, but in December the next 
tranche in the amount of EUR 15,000 thousand was received, which final repayment date is November 20, 2025. The loan is 
unsecured. 
As at 31 December 2020, the average interest rate for the balances due to credit institutions was 0.11% (31.12.2019: 0.31%).

--- Page 173 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
82 
 
30 Due to General Governments 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
Loans received from Rural Support Service 
 4 046  
 5 565  
 4 046  
 5 565  
Loans received from the Treasury  
 99 474  
 80 707  
 99 474  
 80 707  
Total due to general governments 
 103 520  
 86 272  
 103 520  
 86 272  
 
Subitem Loans from Rural Support Service includes the financing to the Loan Fund, which was established in 2010 for the 
purpose to issue the loans to the agricultural and fisheries beneficiaries via financial intermediaries. As at 31 December 2020 
the Group/Company liabilities to Rural Support Service consist of the principal amount of EUR 3,829 thousand (31.12.2019: EUR 
5,337 thousand) and accrued interest – EUR 217 thousand (31.12.2019: EUR 228 thousand). The final repayment date is 31 
December 2025. The loan from Rural Support Service is unsecured. 
Subitem Loans received from the Treasury includes the loans received by the Group/Company for the implementation the 
following loan programmes: 
▪ Agricultural land acquisition programme: as at 31 December 2020 the principal amount of the loan EUR 72,513 thousand 
(31.12.2019: EUR 67,399 thousand), the final repayment date 31 December 2050. As a collateral serves the commercial 
pledge to the right of the Company’s claims resulting from loans granted by the Group/Company under the programme. 
As at 31 December 2020, according to the loan agreement the Company is available the financing in the amount of EUR 
11,353 thousand, the size and pace of its drawdown relates to the further volume of new loan transactions. As at 31 
December 2020, the amount of the secured claim was EUR 72,514 thousand (31December 2019: EUR 67,400 thousand). 
▪ SME development programme: as at 31 December 2020 the principal amount of the loan EUR 17,040 thousand (31.12.2019: 
EUR 9,997 thousand), the final repayment date 31 December 2040. As a collateral serves the commercial pledge to the 
right of the Company’s claims resulting from loans granted by the Group/Company under the programme. As at 31 
December 2020, according to the loan agreement the Company still is available the financing in the amount of EUR 37,960 
thousand, the size and pace of its drawdown relates to the further volume of new loan transactions As at 31 December 
2020, the amount of the secured claim was EUR 20,449 thousand (31December 2019: EUR 11,996 thousand). 
▪ Latvian Land Fund (the financing for the Fund’s transactions): as at 31 December 2020 the loan amount has been used 
and the principal amount of the loan EUR 9,919 thousand (31.12.2019: EUR 3,309 thousand), the final repayment date 29 
December 2028. As a collateral serves the mortgage on the real estate purchased with the financing received under the 
loan. As at 31 December 2020, the amount of registered mortgage was EUR 10,269 thousand (31 December 2019: EUR 8,284 
thousand). 
As at 31 December 2020 the accrued interest on the loans received from the Treasury amounts to EUR 1,743 (31.12.2019: EUR 
1,302). 
The Company has also concluded the following loan agreements with the Treasury, the acquisition of which has not been 
started until December 31, 2020: 
▪ Micro Loans and Star-up Loans programme: the amount of the loan agreement EUR 23,000 thousand, the final repayment 
date 31 December 2028, commercial pledge on the Company’s claims for the loans under the programme. The size and 
pace of the drawdown the loan relates to the further volume of new loan transactions. The maximum amount of the 
secured claim is EUR 27,600 thousand. 
▪ Parallel Loan programme: the amount of the loan agreement EUR 20,000 thousand, the final repayment date 31 January 
2036, commercial pledge on the Company’s claims for the loans under the programme. The size and pace of the 
drawdown the loan relates to the further volume of new loan transactions. The maximum secured claim is EUR 24,000 
thousand. 
▪ Working capital loan programme for farmers: the amount of the loan agreement EUR 25,612 thousand, the final repayment 
date 30 June 2025, commercial pledge on the Company’s claims for the loans under the programme. The size and pace 
of the drawdown the loan relates to the further volume of new loan transactions. The maximum secured claim is EUR 30,734 
thousand.

--- Page 174 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
83 
 
31 Support programme funding 
The Group’s / Company’s information on the risk coverage reserve included in the support programme funding and state aid, 
which can be used for covering the Group’s / Company’s credit risk losses as at 31 December 2020, in thousands of euro: 
Financial Instrument / Programme 
Programme 
funding * 
Credit risk 
coverage 
Provisions 
covered by risk 
coverage 
Net 
programme 
funding 
Loans 
  
  
  
  
ERDF II 
 2 038  
 1 866  
 (467) 
 1 571  
ESF II 
 998  
 193  
 (86) 
 912  
Microcredits of Swiss programme 
 3 456  
 268  
 (12) 
 3 444  
ERDF I 
 116  
 99  
 (9) 
 107  
ESF I 
 324  
 40  
 (31) 
 293  
ERDF II (second round) 
 5 751  
 425  
 (75) 
 5 676  
Incubators (from ESF II) 
 82  
 7  
 -    
 82  
ERAF II 2 Public fund 
 285  
 58  
 (14) 
 271  
Fund of Funds programme – Start-up loans  
 2 730  
 2 730  
 (314) 
 2 416  
Fund of Funds programme – Microcredits 
 298  
 298  
 (26) 
 272  
Fund of Funds programme – Parallel loans 
 3 861  
 3 861  
 (2 736) 
 1 125  
Energy Efficiency Programme for Multi-apartment Buildings Loans 
 3 748  
 3 548  
 (42) 
 3 706  
Start-up State Aid Cumulation Lending Programme  
 1 972  
 1 988  
 (266) 
 1 706  
Other loans to start-ups  
 1 483  
 274  
 (67) 
 1 416  
Mezzanine Programme – Loans 
 3 201  
 2 817  
 (2 352) 
 849  
Guarantees and interest grants programme 
 4 251  
 4 251  
 -    
 4 251  
SME energy efficiency loans 
 3 723  
 3 723  
 -    
 3 723  
Parallel loans 
 2 000  
 2 000  
 (238) 
 1 762  
Loans for enterprises in rural territories 
 7 810  
 1 709  
 (86) 
 7 724  
Loans to Midcaps for mitigation of the COVID-19 effect 
 2 435  
 -    
 -    
 2 435  
Start-up loans to innovative entrepreneurs 
 500  
 100  
 -    
 500  
Total loans 
 51 062 ** 
 30 255  
 (6 821) 
 44 241  
Guarantees 
  
  
  
  
Fund of Funds programme - Guarantees  
 26 907  
 26 906  
 (6 288) 
 20 619  
Energy Efficiency Programme for Multi-apartment Buildings Guarantees 
 6 217  
 5 875  
 (991) 
 5 226  
Housing Guarantee Programme 
 14 005  
 14 005  
 (9 669) 
 4 336  
Guarantee Programme for Clients of State Aid Accumulation, Grace Period and 
Large Economic Operators 
 7 753  
 7 753  
 (1 078) 
 6 675  
Mezzanine Programme - Guarantees 
 1 190  
 1 047  
 (734) 
 456  
Portfolio Guarantee Fund 
 4 005  
 3 685  
 (1 722) 
 2 283  
Export guarantees  
 2 477  
 2 477  
 (570) 
 1 907  
Study and student portfolio guarantees 
 77  
 -    
 -    
 77  
Agricultural Guarantees 
 1 000  
 1 000  
 (324) 
 676  
Total guarantees 
 63 631  
 62 748  
 (21 376) 
 42 255  
Grants 
  
  
  
  
Energy Efficiency Programme for Multi-apartment Buildings Grants 
 40 538  
 -    
 -    
 40 538  
Social Entrepreneurship Programme  
 3 266  
 -    
 -    
 3 266  
Grants for development of energy efficiency projects 
 1 564  
 -    
 -    
 1 564  
Housing grant programme “Balsts” 
 172  
 -    
 -    
 172  
Total grants 
 45 540  
 -    
 -    
 45 540  
Venture Capital Funds 
  
  
  
 -    
Fund of Funds and venture capital funds 
 26 654  
 14 967  
 -    
 26 654  
Investment Fund Activity 
 5 272  
 3 173  
 -    
 5 272  
Baltic Innovation Fund 
 2 000  
 700  
 -    
 2 000  
Baltic Innovation Fund II 
 2 359  
 724  
 -    
 2 359  
Total venture capital funds 
 36 285  
 19 564  
 -    
 36 285  
 
* The IFRS 9 implementation adjustment of EUR (7,645) thousand incorporated in 2018 (for details see Note 2 (15)) consisting of Accrued liabilities 
of state aid and Fair value correction previously disclosed in this note as separate columns reconciling Programme funding and Net programme 
funding are netted off vs Programme funding as at 31 December 2020. That disclosure treatment is the same as was presented in the audited 
financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2018.  
 
** Support programme funding includes funding that is planned to be reallocated to other support programmes. Funding is planned to be 
reallocated at the beginning of 2021.

--- Page 175 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
84 
 
31 Support programme funding (cont’d) 
The Group’s / Company’s information on the risk coverage reserve included in the support programme funding and state aid, 
which can be used for covering the Group’s / Company’s credit risk losses as at 31 December 2020, in thousands of euro 
(cont’d): 
Financial Instrument / Programme 
Programme 
funding * 
Credit risk 
coverage 
Provisions 
covered by risk 
coverage 
Net 
programme 
funding 
Other Activities 
  
  
  
  
Energy Efficiency Fund 
 433  
 -    
 -    
 433  
Regional Creative Industries Alliance  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Total other activities 
 433  
 -    
 -    
 433  
Funding allocated to increase reserve capital *** 
 23 209  
 -    
 -    
 23 209  
Total support programme funding 
 220 160 **** 
 112 567  
 (28 197) 
 191 963  
 
*** In December 2020, the Ministry of Economics transferred financing in the amount of EUR 22,565 thousand to the program Loans and their 
interest rate subsidies to enterprises for the promotion of the competitiveness (Cabinet Regulation No. 677 of 10 November 2020 “Regulations 
on Loans and Their Interest Rate Subsidies to enterprises for the promotion of the competitiveness”). In December 2020, the Ministry of Education 
and Science transferred financing in the amount of EUR 644 thousand to the program of Study and Student lending for studies in Latvia from the 
funds of credit institutions guaranteed from the State budget (Cabinet Regulation No. 231 of 21 April 2020 “Regulations on Granting Study Loans 
and Student Loans from the Funds of Credit Institutions Guaranteed from the State Budget”). It is expected that the financing will be transferred 
to the Group's reserve capital following the decision of the shareholders' meeting, which is planned in the first quarter of 2021. 
 
**** Support programme funding contains EUR 21,921 thousand allocated for management costs of the Group / Company to be compensated 
from support programme funding.

--- Page 176 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
85 
 
31 Support programme funding (cont’d) 
The Group’s / Company’s information on the risk coverage reserve included in the support programme funding and state aid, 
which can be used for covering the Group’s / Company’s credit risk losses as at 31 December 2019, in thousands of euro: 
Financial Instrument / Programme 
Programme 
funding * 
Credit risk 
coverage 
Provisions 
covered by risk 
coverage 
Net 
programme 
funding 
Loans 
  
  
  
  
ERDF II 
 7 928  
 4 318  
 (902) 
 7 026  
ESF II 
 974  
 478  
 (132) 
 842  
Microcredits of Swiss programme 
 5 458  
 718  
 (24) 
 5 434  
ERDF I 
 586  
 138  
 (17) 
 569  
ESF I 
 317  
 58  
 (37) 
 280  
ERDF II (second round) 
 5 709  
 745  
 (124) 
 5 585  
Incubators (from ESF II) 
 80  
 11  
 -    
 80  
ERAF II 2 Public fund 
 285  
 129  
 (15) 
 270  
Fund of Funds programme – Start-up loans  
 2 623  
 2 623  
 (355) 
 2 268  
Fund of Funds programme – Microcredits 
 309  
 309  
 (29) 
 280  
Fund of Funds programme – Parallel loans 
 3 425  
 3 425  
 (1 907) 
 1 518  
Energy Efficiency Programme for Multi-apartment Buildings Loans 
 3 751  
 3 751  
 (14) 
 3 737  
Start-up State Aid Cumulation Lending Programme  
 1 978  
 1 994  
 (277) 
 1 701  
Other loans to start-ups  
 1 418  
 487  
 (91) 
 1 327  
Mezzanine Programme – Loans 
 3 148  
 2 518  
 (1 626) 
 1 522  
Guarantees and interest grants programme 
 4 184  
 4 184  
 -    
 4 184  
SME energy efficiency loans 
 1 723  
 1 723  
 -    
 1 723  
Parallel loans 
 2 000  
 2 000  
 (114) 
 1 886  
Loans for enterprises in rural territories 
 6 304  
 599  
 (29) 
 6 275  
Parallel loans to large entrepreneurs 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Total loans 
 52 200 ** 
 30 208  
 (5 693) 
 46 507  
Guarantees 
  
  
  
  
Fund of Funds programme - Guarantees  
 21 566  
 21 566  
 (8 591) 
 12 975  
Energy Efficiency Programme for Multi-apartment Buildings Guarantees 
 6 163  
 4 917  
 (1 007) 
 5 156  
Housing Guarantee Programme 
 14 005  
 14 005  
 (8 093) 
 5 912  
Guarantee Programme for Clients of State Aid Accumulation, Grace Period and 
Large Economic Operators 
 7 753  
 7 753  
 (1 225) 
 6 528  
Mezzanine Programme - Guarantees 
 1 363  
 1 090  
 (1 341) 
 22  
Portfolio Guarantee Fund 
 4 069  
 4 069  
 (1 235) 
 2 834  
Export guarantees  
 2 007  
 2 007  
 (292) 
 1 715  
Agricultural Guarantees 
 1 058  
 1 058  
 (352) 
 706  
Total guarantees 
 57 984  
 56 465  
 (22 136) 
 35 848  
Grants 
  
  
  
  
Energy Efficiency Programme for Multi-apartment Buildings Grants 
 25 567  
 -    
 -    
 25 567  
Social Entrepreneurship Programme  
 1 084  
 -    
 -    
 1 084  
Grants for development of energy efficiency projects 
 341  
 -    
 -    
 341  
Total grants 
 26 992  
 -    
 -    
 26 992  
Venture Capital Funds 
  
  
  
  
Fund of Funds and venture capital funds 
 13 412  
 10 730  
 -    
 13 412  
Investment Fund Activity 
 2 646  
 2 375  
 -    
 2 646  
Baltic Innovation Fund 
 2 000  
 -    
 -    
 2 000  
Baltic Innovation Fund II 
 833  
 -    
 -    
 833  
Total venture capital funds 
 18 891  
 13 105  
 -    
 18 891  
Other Activities 
  
  
  
  
Energy Efficiency Fund 
 492  
 -    
 -    
 492  
Regional Creative Industries Alliance  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Total other activities 
 492  
 -    
 -    
 492  
Total support programme funding 
 156 559 *** 
 99 778  
 (27 829) 
 128 730  
 
* The IFRS 9 implementation adjustment of EUR (7,645) thousand incorporated in 2018 (for details see Note 2 (15)) consisting of Accrued liabilities 
of state aid and Fair value correction previously disclosed in this note as separate columns reconciling Programme funding and Net programme

--- Page 177 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
86 
 
31 Support programme funding (cont’d) 
funding are netted off vs Programme funding as at 31 December 2019. That disclosure treatment is the same as was presented in the audited 
financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2018.  
 
** Support programme funding includes funding that is planned to be reallocated to other support programmes. Funding is planned to be 
reallocated in 2020. 
 
*** Support programme funding contains EUR 7,934 thousand allocated for management costs of the Group / Company to be compensated 
from support programme funding. 
Based on the concluded programme implementation contracts, the funding received could be reduced by the outstanding 
principal amount of the loans classified as lost, non-repaid loan principal amount and / or disbursements of guarantee 
compensations. The Group / Company need not have to repay the reductions of funding to the funding provider. 
Movement in the Group’s / Company’s support programme funding in 2020, in thousands of euro: 
Financial Instrument / 
Programme 
Financing, 
net 
Financing 
received 
Reallo-
cated 
funding 
between 
program-
mes 
Compen-
sated 
grants 
Compen-
sated 
income 
and 
expense 
Revalua-
tion of 
liabilities 
Programmes’ 
income/ 
profit 
distri- 
bution 
Other 
changes 
Changes 
in provi- 
sions 
covered 
by risk 
coverage 
Financing, 
net 
 
31.12.2019. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
31.12.2020. 
Loans 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
ERDF II 
 7 026  
 -    
 (5 700) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 22  
 (212) 
 435  
 1 571  
ESF II 
 842  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 28  
 (4) 
 46  
 912  
Microcredits of Swiss 
programme 
 5 434  
 -    
 (2 000) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 10  
 (12) 
 12  
 3 444  
ERDF I 
 569  
 -    
 (470) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 8  
 107  
ESF I 
 280  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 13  
 (6) 
 6  
 293  
ERDF II (second round) 
 5 585  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 64  
 (22) 
 49  
 5 676  
Incubators (from ESF II) 
 80  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1  
 1  
 -    
 82  
ERAF II 2 Public fund 
 270  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1  
 271  
Fund of Funds programme – 
Start-up loans  
 2 268  
 -    
 117  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (10) 
 41  
 2 416  
Fund of Funds programme – 
Microcredits 
 280  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (11) 
 3  
 272  
Fund of Funds programme – 
Parallel loans 
 1 518  
 -    
 436  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (829) 
 1 125  
Energy Efficiency Programme 
for Multi-apartment Buildings 
– Loan Fund 
 3 737  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (47) 
 -    
 44  
 -    
 (28) 
 3 706  
Start-up State Aid 
Cumulation Lending 
Programme  
 1 701  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (6) 
 11  
 1 706  
Other loans to start-ups  
 1 327  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (20) 
 -    
 67  
 18  
 24  
 1 416  
Mezzanine Programme – 
Loans 
 1 522  
 -    
 238  
 -    
 (50) 
 -    
 242  
 (377) 
 (726) 
 849  
Guarantees and interest 
grants programme 
 4 184  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 67  
 -    
 4 251  
SME energy efficiency loans 
 1 723  
 -    
 2 000  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 3 723  
Parallel loans 
 1 886  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (124) 
 1 762  
Loans for enterprises in rural 
territories 
 6 275  
 1 506  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (57) 
 7 724  
Loans to Midcaps for 
mitigation of the COVID-19 
effect 
 -    
 2 435  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2 435  
Start-up loans to innovative 
entrepreneurs 
 -    
 -    
 500  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 500  
Total loans 
 46 507 * 
 3 941  
 (4 879) 
 -    
 (117) 
 -    
 491  
 (574) 
 (1 128) 
 44 241  
Guarantees 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 -    
Fund of Funds programme - 
Guarantees  
 12 975  
 -    
 5 000  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 341  
 2 303  
 20 619  
Energy Efficiency Programme 
for Multi-apartment Buildings 
- Guarantees 
 5 156  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (116) 
 -    
 170  
 -    
 16  
 5 226  
Housing Guarantee 
Programme 
 5 912  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (1 576) 
 4 336  
Guarantee Programme for 
Clients of State Aid 
Accumulation, Grace Period 
and Large Economic 
Operators 
 6 528  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 147  
 6 675  
Mezzanine Programme - 
Guarantees 
 22  
 -    
 (238) 
 -    
 (19) 
 -    
 110  
 (26) 
 607  
 456  
Portfolio Guarantee Fund 
 2 834  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (64) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (487) 
 2 283

--- Page 178 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
87 
 
31 Support programme funding (cont’d) 
Financial Instrument / 
Programme 
Financing, 
net 
Finan- 
cing 
received 
Reallo-
cated 
funding 
between 
program-
mes 
Compen-
sated 
grants 
Compen-
sated 
income 
and 
expense 
Revalua-
tion of 
liabilities 
Programmes’ 
income / 
profit 
distri- 
bution 
Other 
changes 
Changes 
in provi- 
sions 
covered 
by risk 
coverage 
Financing, 
net 
 
31.12.2019. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
31.12.2020. 
Export guarantees  
 1 715  
 -    
 470  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (278) 
 1 907  
Study and student portfolio 
guarantees 
 -    
 106  
 -    
 -    
 (29) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 77  
Agricultural Guarantees 
 706  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (58) 
 28  
 676  
Total guarantees 
 35 848  
 106  
 5 232  
 -    
 (228) 
 -    
 280  
 257  
 760  
 42 255  
Grants 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Energy Efficiency Programme 
for Multi-apartment Buildings – 
Grants 
 25 567  
 19 327  
 -    
 (2 978) 
 (1 378) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 40 538  
Social Entrepreneurship 
Programme  
 -    
 3 510  
 -    
 (244) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 3 266  
Grants for development of 
energy efficiency projects 
 1 084  
 1 505  
 -    
 (881) 
 (144) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1 564  
Housing grant programme 
“Balsts” 
 341  
 -    
 -    
 (81) 
 (88) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 172  
Total grants 
 26 992  
 24 342  
 -    
 (4 184) 
 (1 610) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
  
 45 540  
Venture Capital Funds 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Fund of Funds and venture 
capital funds 
 13 412  
 23 311  
 (6 053) 
 -    
 (3 874) 
** 
 (1 241) 
 1 019  
 80  
 -    
 26 654  
Investment Fund Activity 
 2 646  
 -    
 4 000  
 -    
 (1 036) 
*** 
 (1 609) 
 1 271 ***** 
 -    
 -    
 5 272  
Baltic Innovation Fund 
 2 000  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (250) 
**** 
 -    
 250 ****** 
 -    
 -    
 2 000  
Baltic Innovation Fund II 
 833  
 -    
 1 700  
 -    
 (174) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2 359  
Total venture capital funds 
 18 891  
 23 311  
 (353) 
 -    
 (5 334) 
 (2 850) 
 2 540  
 80  
 -    
 36 285  
Other Activities 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Energy Efficiency Fund 
 492  
 16  
 -    
 -    
 (75) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 433  
Regional Creative Industries 
Alliance  
 -    
 38  
 -    
 -    
 (38) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Total other activities 
 492  
 54  
 -    
 -    
 (113) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 433  
Funding allocated to increase 
reserve capital ******* 
 -    
 23 209  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 23 209  
Total support programme 
funding 
 128 730  
 74 963  
 -    
 (4 184) 
 (7 402) 
 (2 850) 
 3 311  
 (237) 
 (368) 
 191 963  
 
* Support programme funding includes funding that is planned to be reallocated to other support programmes. Funding is planned to be 
reallocated at the beginning of 2021. 
 
** include EUR 2,124 thousand management fees for the 4th generation venture capital funds (see Note 17). 
 
*** include EUR 921 thousand management fees for the 2nd and 3rd generation venture capital funds (see Note 17). 
 
**** include EUR 236 thousand management fees for the Baltic Innovation Fund (see Note 17). 
 
***** include EUR 1,203 thousand mezzanine interest received and EUR 67 thousand realised gain on investments in 2nd and 3rd generation venture 
capital funds in 2020 (see Note 17). 
 
****** include EUR 200 thousand mezzanine interest received and EUR 50 thousand realised gain on investment in Baltic Innovation Fund in 2020 
(see Note 17). 
 
******* In December 2020, the Ministry of Economics transferred financing in the amount of EUR 22,565 thousand to the program Loans and their 
interest rate subsidies to enterprises for the promotion of the competitiveness (Cabinet Regulation No. 677 of 10 November 2020 “Regulations 
on Loans and Their Interest Rate Subsidies to enterprises for the promotion of the competitiveness”). In December 2020, the Ministry of Education 
and Science transferred financing in the amount of EUR 644 thousand to the program of Study and Student lending for studies in Latvia from the 
funds of credit institutions guaranteed from the State budget (Cabinet Regulation No. 231 of 21 April 2020 “Regulations on Granting Study Loans 
and Student Loans from the Funds of Credit Institutions Guaranteed from the State Budget”). It is expected that the financing will be transferred 
to the Group's reserve capital following the decision of the shareholders' meeting, which is planned in the first quarter of 2021.

--- Page 179 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
88 
 
32 Provisions 
Breakdown of the Group’s / Company’s provisions for financial guarantees and off-balance sheet items, in thousands of euro: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
Provisions for financial guarantees 
 31 413  
 30 606  
 31 413  
 30 606  
Group’s / Company’s share of provisions 
 10 919  
 9 294  
 10 919  
 9 294  
Provisions covered by risk coverage 
 20 494  
 21 312  
 20 494  
 21 312  
Provisions for loan commitments 
 1 014  
 458  
 1 014  
 458  
Group’s / Company’s share of provisions 
 687  
 132  
 687  
 132  
Provisions covered by risk coverage 
 327  
 326  
 327  
 326  
Provisions for grant commitments 
 74  
 12  
 74  
 12  
Group’s / Company’s share of provisions 
 74  
 12  
 74  
 12  
Provisions covered by risk coverage 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Total provisions 
 32 501  
 31 076  
 32 501  
 31 076  
Group’s / Company’s share of provisions 
 11 680  
 9 438  
 11 680  
 9 438  
Provisions covered by risk coverage 
 20 821  
 21 638  
 20 821  
 21 638  
 
Movement in the Group’s / Company’s provisions for financial guarantees, in thousands of euro: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
01.01.2020.-
31.12.2020. 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2020.-
31.12.2020. 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
Provisions at the beginning of the period 
 30 606  
 24 144  
 30 606  
 24 144  
Increase in provisions (Note 13) 
 14 442  
 15 752  
 14 442  
 15 752  
Decrease in provisions (Note 13) 
 (13 060) 
 (6 692) 
 (13 060) 
 (6 692) 
Reclassification (Disbursed guarantee)  
 (575) 
 (2 597) 
 (575) 
 (2 597) 
Currency change 
 -    
 (1) 
 -    
 (1) 
Provisions at the end of the period ended 31 December 
 31 413  
 30 606  
 31 413  
 30 606  
Group’s / Company’s share of provisions 
 10 919  
 9 294  
 10 919  
 9 294  
Provisions covered by risk coverage 
 20 494  
 21 312  
 20 494  
21 312 
33 Other Liabilities 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
Due to customers 
 1 612  
 1 465  
 1 612  
 1 465  
Other liabilities 
 1 289  
 1 321  
 1 289  
 1 308  
Total other liabilities 
 2 901  
 2 786  
 2 901  
 2 773  
 
The Group’s / Company’s sub-item Due to customers include funds received from clients of the Group / Company to be used 
for repayment of the loans at a later stage. 
The Group’s / Company’s sub-item Other liabilities include short-term funds, which are connected with other liabilities. 
34 Accrued Expense 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
Other accrued expense 
 819  
 459  
 899  
 459  
Audit services 
 37  
 18  
 37  
 18  
Bonuses of the employees and the Management Board 
 1  
 1  
 1  
 1  
Total accrued expense 
 857  
 478  
 937  
 478

--- Page 180 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
89 
 
35 Issued Debt Securities 
In June 2019, the Company’s third bond issue took place totalling EUR 15 million. All bonds are listed on the Nasdaq Baltic 
Bond List. 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
Currency 
Number 
of 
initially 
issued 
securities 
Par 
Value 
Date of 
issuance 
Maturity 
Date 
Discount 
/ 
Coupon 
Rate 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
LV0000802353 
EUR 
 20 000  
 1 000  
17.10.2017 
17.10.2024 
1.37% 
 19 941  
 19 912  
 19 941  
 19 912  
LV0000880037 
EUR 
 10 000  
 1 000  
07.03.2018 
07.03.2025 
1.30% 
 10 456  
 10 229  
 10 456  
 10 229  
LV0000880037 
EUR 
 15 000  
 1 000  
05.06.2019 
07.03.2025 
1.30% 
 15 125  
 15 207  
 15 125  
 15 207  
LV0000880037 
EUR 
 20 000  
 1 000  
15.04.2020 
07.03.2025 
1.30% 
 20 000  
 -    
 20 000  
 -    
Total issued debt securities at the end of period ended 31 December 
 65 522  
 45 348  
 65 522  
 45 348  
 
So called “Green bonds” are financial instruments used to support sustainability projects in Latvia, while providing the 
Company with an opportunity to diversify Company’s funding base and support development of the Baltic Bond market. 
For details on the recognition and measurement for these liabilities, refer Note 2 (5) item (xix). 
Movements in the Company’s issued debt securities, in thousands of euro: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
At the beginning of period 
 45 348  
 29 943  
 45 348  
 29 943  
Bond issue 
 20 000  
 15 000  
 20 000  
 15 000  
Accrued coupon 
 803  
 550  
 803  
 550  
Coupon pay-out 
 (585) 
 (390) 
 (585) 
 (390) 
Discount amortisation 
 (50) 
 264  
 (50) 
 264  
Commission amortisation 
 6  
 (19) 
 6  
 (19) 
Total issued debt securities at the end of period ended 31 December 
 65 522  
 45 348  
65 
522  
45 348  
36 Share capital 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Quantity 
Carrying amount 
 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
Fully paid share capital 
  
  
  
  
Ordinary shares 
 204 862  
 204 862  
 204 862  
 204 862  
Total fully paid share capital 
 204 862  
 204 862  
 204 862  
 204 862  
 
The decision about establishment of the Company was made by the Latvian Cabinet decision on 17 December 2013. The 
Company was registered in the Commercial Register on 27 December 2013, having share capital of LVL 400,130, which 
corresponds to 569,334 euros.  
A capital increase was made on 11 September 2014 by investing equity shares of Latvian Guarantee Agency Ltd, the SJSC 
Latvian Development Finance Institution ALTUM and the SJSC Rural Development Fund. The amount of share capital after its 
increase was 204,862,333 euros. The face value of each share is 1 euro.  
All shares of the JSC Development Finance Institution Altum are owned by the Government of Latvia. The Ministry of Finance 
was appointed to be the shareholder until 28 February 2015. According to the Development Finance Institution Law that came 
to effect on 1 March 2015, as of its effective day, the holder of 40% of the financial institution’s shares is the Ministry of Finance, 
the holder of 30% of shares – the Ministry of Economics, and the holder of 30% of shares – the Ministry of Agriculture. 
For more information see Note 1 (1). 
In accordance with Paragraph 2 of Article 15 of the Development Finance Institution Law, the Group’s / Company’s profit for 
the period is transferred to reserves in order to ensure financial stability and sustainable operation of the Group / Company as 
well as to mitigate the risks of approved support programmes.

--- Page 181 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
90 
 
37 Reserves 
Analysis of the Group’s reserves movements, in thousands of euro: 
 
Specific reserves for support programmes 
Other specific 
reserves 
General 
reserve 
capital 
Revaluation 
reserve of 
financial assets 
measured at 
fair value 
through other 
comprehensive 
income  
Total 
reserves 
 
Reserve capital 
for non-Covid-
19 guarantees 
programmes 
Reserve 
capital for 
AIF “Altum 
capital 
fund” 
Reserve 
capital for 
mitigating of 
impact of 
Covid-19 
Difference 
recognised in 
Group’s 
reorganisation 
reserve 
Reserves as of 31 December 2018 
 11 807  
 -    
 -    
 (15 580) 
 11 738  
 3 597  
 11 562  
(Decrease) in revaluation reserve of financial 
assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (959) 
 (959) 
Distribution of previous profit  
 -  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 808  
 -    
 808  
Distribution of 2018 year profit of the 
Company  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 4 092  
 -    
 4 092  
Increase of reserve capital  
 3 700  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 3 700  
Reserves as of 31 December 2019 
 15 507  
 -    
 -    
 (15 580) 
 16 638  
 2 638  
 19 203  
(Decrease) in revaluation reserve of financial 
assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (1 425) 
 (1 425) 
Distribution of 2019 year profit of the 
Company  
 -  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 8 131  
 -    
 8 131  
Increase of reserve capital  
 626  
 25 000  
 120 000  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 145 626  
Reserves as of 31 December 2020 
 16 133  
 25 000  
 120 000  
 (15 580) 
 24 768  
 1 213  
 171 534  
 
Analysis of the Company’s reserves movements, in thousands of euro: 
 
Specific reserves for support programmes 
Other specific 
reserves 
General 
reserve 
capital 
Revaluation 
reserve of 
financial assets 
measured at 
fair value 
through other 
comprehensive 
income  
Total 
reserves 
 
Reserve capital 
for non-Covid-
19 guarantees 
programmes 
Reserve 
capital for 
AIF “Altum 
capital 
fund” 
Reserve 
capital for 
mitigating of 
impact of 
Covid-19 
Difference 
recognised in 
Group’s 
reorganisation 
reserve 
Reserves as of 31 December 2018 
 11 807  
 -    
 -    
 (15 935) 
 11 738  
 3 597  
 11 207  
(Decrease) in revaluation reserve of financial 
assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (959) 
 (959) 
Distribution of previous profit  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 791  
 -    
 791  
Distribution of 2018 year profit of the 
Company  
 -  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 4 462  
 -    
 4 462  
Increase of reserve capital  
 3 700  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 3 700  
Reserves as of 31 December 2019 
 15 507  
 -    
 -    
 (15 935) 
 16 991  
 2 638  
 19 201  
(Decrease) in revaluation reserve of financial 
assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
 -    
  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (1 425) 
 (1 425) 
Distribution of 2019 year profit of the 
Company  
 -  
  
 -    
 -    
 8 131  
 -    
 8 131  
Increase of reserve capital  
 626  
 25 000  
 120 000  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 145 626  
Reserves as of 31 December 2020 
 16 133  
 25 000  
 120 000  
 (15 935) 
 25 121  
 1 213  
 171 532  
 
Breakdown of “Specific reserves for support programmes”: 
 
Reserve capital for non-Covid-19 
guarantees programmes 
Reserve capital for mitigating of impact 
of Covid-19 
Reserve 
capital for 
AIF “Altum 
capital fund” 
Total specific 
reserves for 
support 
programmes 
 
Housing 
Guarantee 
Programme 
Study and student 
portfolio guarantees 
Working capital 
loans 
Loan holiday 
guarantees 
Specific reserves as of 31 December 2018 
 11 807  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 11 807  
Increase of specific reserve capital  
 3 700  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 3 700  
Specific reserves as of 31 December 2019 
 15 507  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 15 507  
Increase of specific reserve capital  
 -    
 626  
 50 000  
 70 000  
 25 000  
 145 626  
Specific reserves as of 31 December 2020 
 15 507  
 626  
 50 000  
 70 000  
 25 000  
 161 133  
of which: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Portfolio loss reserve (Special Reserve 
Capital) 
 15 507  
 626  
 29 000  
 50 000  
 7 131  
 102 264  
Portfolio Loss Reserve (Special 
Reserve Capital) to be used to cover 
credit loss and management fees 
upon approval of the annual report 
 -  
 (392) 
 (2 668) 
 (3 184) 
 (185) 
 (6 429)

--- Page 182 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
91 
 
37 Reserves (cont’d) 
Item “Reserve capital for mitigation of impact of Covid-19” includes the following increases in the Specific Reserve capital. 
An increase of EUR 100,000 thousand in accordance with the decision of the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders 
of the Group of 6 April 2020, adopted on the basis of the Cabinet of Ministers Order No. 122 “On the increase of the reserve 
capital” of 25 March 2020. An increase in the specific reserve capital is aimed for: 
▪ EUR 50,000 thousand for funding the granting of support in the form of working capital loans to SME economic operators 
whose activities have been affected by the spread of Covid-19, in accordance with the Cabinet of Ministers Regulations 
No. 149 "Regulations on Working Capital Loans to Economic Operators Affected by the Spread of Covid-19". 
▪ EUR 25,000 thousand funding for SME loan credit holiday guarantees (for existing investment loans, financial leasing, loans 
for working capital financing, including credit lines) and a guarantees for new loans for working capital loans financing to 
ensure the availability of financing for economic operators affected by the spread of Covid-19 coronavirus disease, in 
accordance with the Cabinet of Ministers Regulations No. 150 "Provisions on guarantees for economic operators affected 
by the spread of Covid-19". 
▪ EUR 25,000 thousand to mitigate impact of the Covid-19 crisis through a portfolio guarantee program, in accordance with 
Cabinet Regulation No. 537 of 5 September 2017 “Regulations on Portfolio Guarantees for the Promotion of Lending to 
Small (Micro), Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises”. 
An increase of EUR 20,000 thousand in accordance with the decision of the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders of 
the Group of 6 November 2020, adopted on the basis of the Cabinet of Ministers Regulation No. 454 "Regulations on 
Guarantees for Midcap Companies Affected by the Spread of Covid-19" of 14 July 2020. An increase in the specific reserve 
capital is aimed for to support viable large SME and Midcap companies loan holiday guarantees for existing and new 
investment loans, financial leasing as well as working capital loans, including credit lines. Eligible for viable large SME and 
Midcap companies, which operations, due to the spread of Covid-19, requires financing in order to restore, maintain and 
promote their competitiveness, as well as increase the turnover, including exports.  
Item “Reserve capital for AIF “Altum capital fund” includes an increase in the Special Reserve capital of EUR 25,000 thousand 
in accordance with the decision of the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders of the Group of 11 September 2020, 
adopted on the basis of the Cabinet of Ministers Order No. 389 “On the increase of the reserve capital” of 31 July 2020. An 
increase in the specific reserve capital is intended to finance the AIF “Altum capital fund”. The AIF “Altum capital fund” was 
registered in the Register of Enterprises of the Republic of Latvia on July 31, 2020. For more information on AIF “Altum capital 
fund” (see Note 1 General information and Note 17). 
The funds included in the Specific Reserve Capital will be used to cover the expected credit losses of the programes at full 
extent as well as management fees for AIF Altum Capital Fund and as such are disclosed separately as Portfolio Loss Reserve 
within respective reserve capital. 
38 Off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
Contingent liabilities: 
  
  
  
  
Outstanding guarantees 
 359 605  
 284 232  
 359 605  
 284 232  
Financial commitments: 
  
  
  
  
Loan commitments 
 39 348  
 18 951  
 39 348  
 18 951  
Grant commitments 
 6 798  
 7 701  
 6 798  
 7 701  
Commitments to investments in subsidiaries 
 -    
 -    
 10 415  
 13 471  
Commitments to AIF “Altum capital fund” 
 48 772  
 -    
 48 772  
 -    
Commitments to investments in associates 
 44 935  
 44 914  
 44 935  
 44 914  
Commitments to other investments 
 38 220  
 25 583  
 38 220  
 25 583  
Total contingent liabilities and financial commitments 
 537 678  
 381 381  
 548 093  
 394 852

--- Page 183 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
92 
 
38 Off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities 
(cont’d) 
Group’s / Company’s impairment allowances for loan commitments, in thousands of euro: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
Unutilised loan facilities 
 39 348  
 18 951  
 39 348  
 18 951  
Impairment allowances 
 (1 014) 
 (458) 
 (1 014) 
 (458) 
Total unutilized loan facilities, net 
 38 334  
 18 493  
 38 334  
 18 493  
 
Group’s / Company’s impairment allowances for grant commitments, in thousands of euro: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
Grant commitments 
 6 798  
 7 701  
 6 798  
 7 701  
Impairment allowances 
 (74) 
 (12) 
 (74) 
 (12) 
Total grant commitments, net 
 6 724  
 7 689  
 6 724  
 7 689  
 
Breakdown of the Group’s off-balance sheet assets and contingent liabilities by remaining contractual maturities as at 31 
December 2020, in thousands of euro: 
  
Up to 1 
month  
1 to 3 
months  
3 to 6 
months  
6 to 12 
months  
1 to 5 years  
Over 5 years 
and w/o 
maturity 
Total 
Contingent liabilities 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Outstanding guarantees 
 359 605 * 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 359 605  
Financial commitments 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Loan commitments 
 39 348  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 39 348  
Grant commitments 
 6 798  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 6 798  
Commitments to AIF “Altum capital fund” 
 -    
 11 996  
 12 157  
 21 964  
 2 040  
 615  
 48 772  
Commitments to investments in associates 
 -    
 1 146  
 1 528  
 4 965  
 27 411  
 9 885  
 44 935  
Commitments to other investments 
 -    
 635  
 847  
 7 753  
 23 201  
 5 784  
 38 220  
Total financial commitments 
 46 146  
 13 777  
 14 532  
 34 682  
 52 652  
 16 284  
 178 073  
Total contingent liabilities and financial 
commitments 
 405 751  
 13 777  
 14 532  
 34 682  
 52 652  
 16 284  
 537 678  
 
* Outstanding financial guarantees are presented “Up to 1 month” as these guarantees can be claimed on demand and the Group 
/ Company has to make a decision on payment of guarantee claim within one month. 
 
Breakdown of the Group’s off-balance sheet assets and contingent liabilities by remaining contractual maturities as at 31 
December 2019, in thousands of euro: 
  
Up to 1 
month  
1 to 3 
months  
3 to 6 
months  
6 to 12 
months  
1 to 5 years  
Over 5 years 
and w/o 
maturity 
Total 
Contingent liabilities 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Outstanding guarantees 
 284 232 * 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 284 232  
Financial commitments 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Loan commitments 
 18 951  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 18 951  
Grant commitments 
 7 701  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 7 701  
Commitments to investments in associates 
 382  
 1 146  
 1 527  
 4 581  
 27 397  
 9 881  
 44 914  
Commitments to other investments 
 218  
 652  
 870  
 2 609  
 15 606  
 5 628  
 25 583  
Total financial commitments 
 27 252  
 1 798  
 2 397  
 7 190  
 43 003  
 15 509  
 97 149  
Total contingent liabilities and financial 
commitments 
 311 484  
 1 798  
 2 397  
 7 190  
 43 003  
 15 509  
 381 381  
 
* Outstanding financial guarantees are presented “Up to 1 month” as these guarantees can be claimed on demand and the Group 
/ Company has to make a decision on payment of guarantee claim within one month.

--- Page 184 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
93 
 
38 Off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities 
(cont’d) 
Breakdown of the Company’s off-balance sheet assets and contingent liabilities by remaining contractual maturities as at 31 
December 2020, in thousands of euro: 
  
Up to 1 
month  
1 to 3 
months  
3 to 6 
months  
6 to 12 
months  
1 to 5 years  
Over 5 years 
and w/o 
maturity 
Total 
Contingent liabilities 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Outstanding guarantees 
 359 605  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 359 605  
Financial commitments 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Loan commitments 
 39 348  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 39 348  
Grant commitments 
 6 798  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 6 798  
Commitments to investments in subsidiaries 
 417  
 417  
 833  
 2 500  
 5 207  
 1 041  
 10 415  
Commitments to AIF “Altum capital fund” 
 -    
 11 996  
 12 157  
 21 964  
 2 040  
 615  
 48 772  
Commitments to investments in associates 
 -    
 1 146  
 1 528  
 4 965  
 27 411  
 9 885  
 44 935  
Commitments to other investments 
 -    
 635  
 847  
 7 753  
 23 201  
 5 784  
 38 220  
Total financial commitments 
 46 563  
 14 194  
 15 365  
 37 182  
 57 859  
 17 325  
 188 488  
Total contingent liabilities and financial 
commitments 
 406 168  
 14 194  
 15 365  
 37 182  
 57 859  
 17 325  
 548 093  
 
* Outstanding financial guarantees are presented “Up to 1 month” as these guarantees can be claimed on demand and the Group 
/ Company has to make a decision on payment of guarantee claim within one month. 
 
Breakdown of the Company’s off-balance sheet assets and contingent liabilities by remaining contractual maturities as at 31 
December 2019, in thousands of euro: 
  
Up to 1 
month  
1 to 3 
months  
3 to 6 
months  
6 to 12 
months  
1 to 5 years  
Over 5 years 
and w/o 
maturity 
Total 
Contingent liabilities 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Outstanding guarantees 
 284 232  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 284 232  
Financial commitments 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Loan commitments 
 18 951  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 18 951  
Grant commitments 
 7 701  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 7 701  
Commitments to investments in subsidiaries 
 114  
 343  
 458  
 1 375  
 8 217  
 2 964  
 13 471  
Commitments to investments in associates 
 382  
 1 146  
 1 527  
 4 581  
 27 397  
 9 881  
 44 914  
Commitments to other investments 
 218  
 652  
 870  
 2 609  
 15 606  
 5 628  
 25 583  
Total financial commitments 
 27 366  
 2 141  
 2 855  
 8 565  
 51 220  
 18 473  
 110 620  
Total contingent liabilities and financial 
commitments 
 311 598  
 2 141  
 2 855  
 8 565  
 51 220  
 18 473  
 394 852  
 
* Outstanding financial guarantees are presented “Up to 1 month” as these guarantees can be claimed on demand and the Group 
/ Company has to make a decision on payment of guarantee claim within one month. 
 
Subitem Commitments to AIF “Altum capital fund” are contingent liabilities based on a limited partnership agreement 
between the Company as a general partner and the members of the AIF “Altum capital fund” as limited partners which put 
an obligation on the Group / Company to allocate financial resources to the fund. 
Subitem Commitments to venture capital funds are contingent liabilities, which are based on agreements between the Group 
/ Company and the venture capital fund which put an obligation on the Group / Company to allocate financial resources to 
the fund.

--- Page 185 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
94 
 
38 Off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities 
(cont’d) 
Committed funding for investments in subsidiaries, associates and other investments, in thousands of euro: 
 
 
Committed funding 
Uncalled committed funding 
 
Contract period 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
Investments in Subsidiaries 
 
  
  
  
  
KS Overkill Ventures Fund I 
09.05.2026 
 3 200  
 3 200  
 1 387  
 2 114  
KS Buildit Latvia Pre-Seed Fund  
20.06.2026 
 3 200  
 3 200  
 1 340  
 1 914  
KS Commercialization Reactor Pre-seed Fund 
24.07.2026 
 3 200  
 3 200  
 1 648  
 2 149  
KS INEC 1 
29.11.2028 
 5 250  
 5 250  
 3 034  
 3 770  
KS INEC 2 
29.11.2028 
 4 500  
 4 500  
 3 006  
 3 523  
Investments in Associates 
 
  
  
  
  
KS Overkill Ventures Fund II  
09.08.2026 
 1 800  
 1 800  
 1 553  
 1 630  
KS Buildit Latvia Seed Fund  
30.06.2026 
 1 800  
 1 800  
 1 515  
 1 600  
KS Commercialization Reactor Seed Fund 
22.08.2026 
 1 800  
 1 800  
 1 694  
 1 739  
KS ZGI-4  
14.08.2028 
 19 500  
 15 000  
 15 002  
 12 028  
KS Baltcap Latvia Venture Capital Fund 
22.01.2021 
 20 000  
 20 000  
 3 841  
 3 841  
KS Imprimatur Capital Technology Venture Fund 
11.06.2021 
 4 966  
 4 966  
 248  
 332  
KS Imprimatur Capital Seed Fund 
11.06.2021 
 10 000  
 10 000  
 561  
 646  
KS ZGI-3 
31.12.2021 
 11 800  
 11 800  
 931  
 1 048  
KS FlyCap investment Fund  
31.12.2021 
 15 000  
 15 000  
 1 090  
 1 292  
FlyCap Mezzanine Fund II 
28.08.2029 
 11 053  
 -    
 10 486  
 -    
KS Expansion Capital fund 
31.12.2021 
 15 000  
 15 000  
 267  
 299  
AIF “Altum capital fund” 
02.09.2027 
 48 910  
 -    
 48 772  
 -    
Baltic Innovation Fund I 
01.01.2029 
 26 000  
 26 000  
 7 747  
 11 067  
Other investments 
 
  
  
  
  
Baltic Innovation Fund II 
12.07.2036 
 26 500  
 26 500  
 24 917  
 25 583  
Three Seas Initiatives Investment Fund 
27.02.2035 
 20 000  
 -    
 13 303  
 -    
Total funding 
  
 253 479  
 169 016  
 142 342  
 74 575  
39 Revaluation reserve of financial assets measured 
at fair value through other comprehensive income 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
At the beginning of period 
 2 639  
 3 597  
 2 639  
 3 597  
(Loss) from changes in fair value 
 (1 413) 
 (851) 
 (1 413) 
 (851) 
(Loss) from sales 
 -    
 (94) 
 -    
 (94) 
Impairment loss* 
 (13) 
 (14) 
 (13) 
 (14) 
Other comprehensive income (Note 35) 
 (1 426) 
 (959) 
 (1 426) 
 (959) 
Revaluation reserve of financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income at the end of period ended December 31 
 1 213  
 2 638  
 1 213  
 2 638  
* For more information see Note 2 (5) item (xiv). 
40 Related party transactions 
Related parties include members of the Supervisory Council and the Management Board of the Group / Company, their close 
family members, as well as companies under their control. 
In accordance with International Accounting Standard (IAS) 24 “Related Party Disclosures”, the key management personnel, 
directly or indirectly authorised and responsible for planning, management and control of the Group’s / Company’s 
operations are treated as related parties to the Group / Company. The powers granted to the heads of the structural units of 
the Group / Company do not entitle them to manage the operations of the Group / Company and decide on material 
transactions that could affect the Group’s / Company’s operations and/or result in legal consequences. 
The Company has entered into a number of transactions with other public authorities. The most significant were obtaining 
financing from the Investment and Development Agency of Latvia, Ministry of Finance, Ministry of Economics, Rural Support 
Service and Central Finance and Contracting Agency, which co-finance the development programmes of the Company.

--- Page 186 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
95 
 
40 Related party transactions (cont’d) 
The Group’s balances from transactions with related parties, including off-balance sheet financial liabilities, in thousands of 
euro: 
 
People with significant 
control (PSC) 
Transactions with 
shareholders 
Associates 
Other companies owned by 
the Group’s shareholders 
 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
Investments in venture 
capital funds 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 47 988  
 51 160  
 -    
 -    
Investments in AIF “Altum 
capital fund” 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
  
  
Due to general governments 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 4 047  
 5 565  
Support programme funding 
 -    
 -    
 192 243  
 128 480  
 -    
 -    
 35 317  
 35 480  
Off-balance sheet financial 
liabilities for venture capital 
funds 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 44 935  
 44 914  
 -    
 -    
Off-balance sheet financial 
liabilities for AIF “Altum 
capital fund” 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 48 772  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 
The Company’s balances from transactions with related parties, including off-balance sheet financial liabilities, in thousands 
of euro: 
 
Transactions with 
shareholders 
Associates 
Other companies owned by 
the Group’s shareholders 
Investments in subsidiaries 
 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
Investments in venture 
capital funds 
 -    
 -    
 47 988  
 51 160  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Investments in AIF “Altum 
capital fund” 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Investments in subsidiaries  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 4 879  
 3 812  
Due to general governments 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 4 047  
 5 565  
 -    
 -    
Support programme funding 
 192 243  
 128 480  
 -    
 -    
 35 317  
 35 480  
 -    
 -    
Off-balance sheet financial 
liabilities for venture capital 
funds 
 -    
 -    
 44 935  
 44 914  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Off-balance sheet financial 
liabilities for AIF “Altum 
capital fund” 
 -    
 -    
 48 772  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Off-balance sheet financial 
liabilities for investments in 
subsidiaries 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 10 415  
 13 471  
 
The Group’s / Company’s transactions with related parties, in thousands of euro: 
 
 
Received State aid funding 
Issued State aid funding or funding 
paid back 
 
01.01.2020.-
31.12.2020. 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2020.-
31.12.2020. 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
Transactions with shareholders 
  
  
  
  
Ministry of Finance of the Republic of Latvia 
 42 077  
 42 491  
 423  
 -    
Ministry of Economics of the Republic of Latvia 
 173 526  
 7 156  
 -    
 (732) 
Associates 
  
  
  
  
Venture capital funds 
 -    
 6 324  
 -    
 (5 303) 
Other companies owned by the Group’s shareholders 
  
  
  
  
Rural Support Service 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Central Finance and Contracting Agency of the Republic of Latvia 
 19 327  
 -    
 -    
 (27) 
Ministry of Wealth Fair of the Republic of Latvia 
 1 375  
 -    
 -    
 -    
Ministry of Education and Science of the Republic of Latvia 
 1 399  
 2 140  
 -    
 -    
 
In the reporting period, the remuneration of the members of the Supervisory Council, Audit Committee and the Management 
Board of the Company amounted to EUR 629 thousand (12 months of 2019: EUR 766 thousand), incl. social insurance 
contributions.

--- Page 187 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
96 
 
41 Fair values of assets and liabilities 
The fair values of the Group's financial assets and financial liabilities and their differences to their carrying amount are 
presented below, in thousands of euro: 
 
The fair values of the Company's financial assets and financial liabilities and their differences to their carrying amount are 
presented below, in thousands of euro: 
 
Carrying Amount 
Fair Value 
 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
Assets 
  
  
  
  
Due from credit institutions and the Treasury 
 359 949  
 181 047  
 359 949  
 181 046  
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income - investment 
securities 
 36 958  
 47 941  
 36 958  
 47 941  
Financial assets at amortised cost: 
  
  
  
  
Investment securities  
 441  
 478  
 1 133  
 1 140  
Individuals 
 313 268  
 220 129  
 304 292  
 216 113  
Companies 
             30 370  
 11 820  
             22 023  
 8 417  
Loans  
           282 898  
 208 309  
           282 270  
 207 696  
Grants 
 31 107  
 17 186  
 31 107  
 17 186  
Investments in associates (investments in Baltic Innovation Fund) 
 15 019  
 13 851  
 15 019  
 13 851  
Investments in subsidiaries  
 4 879  
 3 812  
 4 879  
 3 812  
Investment properties 
 36 758  
 24 366  
 36 758  
 24 366  
Other assets 
 3 608  
 3 067  
 3 608  
 3 067  
Total assets 
 801 987  
 511 877  
 793 703  
 508 522  
Liabilities 
  
  
  
  
Due to credit institutions 
 65 855  
 29 542  
 65 855  
 29 542  
Due to general governments 
 103 520  
 86 272  
 101 838  
 86 272  
Financial liabilities at amortised cost - Issued debt securities 
 65 522  
 45 348  
 65 522  
 45 348  
Support programme funding 
 191 963  
 128 730  
 191 963  
 128 730  
Total liabilities 
 426 860  
 289 892  
 425 178  
 289 892  
 
 
 
 
Carrying Amount 
Fair Value 
 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
Assets 
  
  
  
  
Due from credit institutions and the Treasury 
 359 949  
 181 199  
 359 949  
 181 198  
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss  
 5 425  
 4 217  
 5 425  
 4 217  
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income - investment 
securities 
 36 958  
 47 941  
 36 958  
 47 941  
Financial assets at amortised cost: 
  
  
  
  
Investment securities  
 441  
 478  
 1 142  
 1 140  
Individuals 
 313 268  
 220 129  
 304 292  
 216 113  
Companies 
 30 370  
 11 820  
 22 023  
 8 417  
Loans  
 282 898  
 208 309  
 282 270  
 207 696  
Grants 
 31 107  
 17 186  
 31 107  
 17 186  
Investments in associates (investments in Baltic Innovation Fund) 
 15 019  
 13 851  
 15 019  
 13 851  
Investment properties 
 36 758  
 24 366  
 36 758  
 24 366  
Other assets 
 3 643  
 3 067  
 3 643  
 3 067  
Total assets 
 802 568  
 512 434  
 794 293  
 509 079  
Liabilities 
  
  
  
  
Due to credit institutions 
 65 855  
 29 542  
 65 855  
 29 542  
Due to general governments 
 103 520  
 86 272  
 101 838  
 86 272  
Financial liabilities at amortised cost - Issued debt securities 
 65 522  
 45 348  
 65 522  
 45 348  
Support programme funding 
 191 963  
 128 730  
 191 963  
 128 730  
Total liabilities 
 426 860  
 289 892  
 425 178  
 289 892

--- Page 188 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
97 
 
41 Fair values of assets and liabilities (cont’d) 
The hierarchy of the Group’s financial assets and liabilities measured and disclosed at fair value, in thousands of euro: 
 
 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
Total 
 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
Assets measured at fair value 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 5 425  
 4 217  
 5 425  
 4 217  
Financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income - 
investment securities 
 24 035  
 35 021  
 12 923  
 12 920  
 -    
 -    
 36 958  
 47 941  
Investments in associates (investments 
in BIF) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 15 019  
 13 851  
 15 019  
 13 851  
Investment properties 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 36 758  
 24 366  
 36 758  
 24 366  
Assets with fair values disclosed 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due from credit institutions and the 
Treasury 
 -    
 -    
 316 631  
 181 198  
 43 318  
 -    
 359 949  
 181 198  
Financial assets at amortised cost: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Investment securities 
 -    
 -    
 1 142  
 1 140  
 -    
 -    
 1 142  
 1 140  
Loans  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 304 292  
 216 113  
 304 292  
 216 113  
Grants 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 31 107  
 17 186  
 31 107  
 17 186  
Other assets 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 3 643  
 3 067  
 3 643  
 3 067  
Total assets  
 24 035  
 35 021  
 330 696  
 195 258  
 439 562  
 278 800  
 794 293  
 509 079  
Liabilities measured at fair value 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Support programme funding 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 191 963  
 128 730  
 191 963  
 128 730  
Liabilities with fair value disclosed 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due to credit institutions 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 65 855  
 29 542  
 65 855  
 29 542  
Due to general governments 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 101 838  
 86 272  
 101 838  
 86 272  
Financial liabilities at amortised cost - 
Issued debt securities 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 65 522  
 45 348  
 65 522  
 45 348  
Total liabilities  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 425 178  
 289 892  
 425 178  
 289 892  
 
The hierarchy of the Company’s financial assets and liabilities measured and disclosed at fair value, in thousands of euro: 
 
 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
Total 
 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2020. 
31.12.2019. 
Assets measured at fair value 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income - 
investment securities 
 24 035  
 35 021  
 12 923  
 12 920  
 -    
 -    
 36 958  
 47 941  
Investments in subsidiaries  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 4 879  
 3 812  
 4 879  
 3 812  
Investments in venture capital funds – 
associates (investments in BIF) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 15 019  
 13 851  
 15 019  
 13 851  
Investment properties 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 36 758  
 24 366  
 36 758  
 24 366  
Assets with fair values disclosed 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due from credit institutions and the 
Treasury 
 -    
 -    
 316 631  
 181 046  
 43 318  
 -    
 359 949  
 181 046  
Financial assets at amortised cost: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Investment securities 
 -    
 -    
 1 133  
 1 140  
 -    
 -    
 1 133  
 1 140  
Loans  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 304 292  
 216 113  
 304 292  
 216 113  
Grants 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 31 107  
 17 186  
 31 107  
 17 186  
Other assets 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 3 608  
 3 067  
 3 608  
 3 067  
Total assets  
 24 035  
 35 021  
 330 687  
 195 106  
 438 981  
 278 395  
 793 703  
 508 522  
Liabilities measured at fair value 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Support programme funding 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 191 963  
 128 730  
 191 963  
 128 730  
Liabilities with fair value disclosed 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due to credit institutions 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 65 855  
 29 542  
 65 855  
 29 542  
Due to general governments 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 101 838  
 86 272  
 101 838  
 86 272  
Financial liabilities at amortised cost - 
Issued debt securities 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 65 522  
 45 348  
 65 522  
 45 348  
Total liabilities  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 425 178  
 289 892  
 425 178  
 289 892

--- Page 189 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
98 
 
41 Fair values of assets and liabilities (cont’d) 
Assets 
Where possible, the fair value of securities is estimated on the basis of quoted market prices. For determining the fair value of 
other securities, the Management has applied the discounted cash flow method where the cash flow forecasts are based on 
assumptions and up-to-date market information available at the time of measurement. The fair value of loans with interest 
payable at fixed rates by specified dates was determined by applying the discounted cash flow method, whilst in regard to 
the fair value of loans with their basic interest rate tied to variable market rates, the Group / Company have assumed that the 
carrying amount of such loans corresponds to their fair value. 
Liabilities 
The fair value of financial liabilities stated at amortised cost, for example, the fair value of balances due to credit institutions, 
is estimated using the discounted cash flow method and the interest rates applied to similar products at the end of the year. 
The fair value of financial liabilities (for example, balances due to credit institutions) repayable on demand or subject to a 
variable interest rate, approximately corresponds to their carrying amount. 
Fair value hierarchy of financial assets and liabilities 
The Group / Company classify the fair value measurements based on the fair value hierarchy, reflecting the significance of 
the input data. The fair value hierarchy of the Group / Company has 3 levels: 
▪ Level 1 includes listed financial instruments for which an active market exists, if in determining their fair value the Group / 
Company use unadjusted quoted market prices, obtained from a stock-exchange or reliable information systems; 
▪ Level 2 includes balances due from other credit institutions and the Treasury as well as financial instruments traded over the 
counter (OTC) and financial instruments having no active market or a declining active market whose fair value 
measurement are based to a significant extent on observable market inputs (e.g., rates applied to similar instruments, 
benchmark financial instruments, credit risk insurance transactions, etc.); 
▪ Level 3 includes financial instruments whose fair value measurements rely on observable market inputs requiring significant 
adjustment and have to be supported by unobservable market inputs, and financial instruments whose fair value 
measurements are based to a significant extent on data that cannot be observed on the active market and assumptions 
and estimates of the Group / Company that enable a credible measurement of the financial instrument’s value. 
Debt securities 
Debt securities are measured applying quoted prices or valuation techniques using observable or unobservable market inputs 
or combination of the two. The majority of investments in debt securities recognised at fair value are investments in Latvian 
treasury bills with a quoted price, but not traded on the active market. The Management has estimated that it is reasonable 
to presume the fair value of these securities to be equal to their quoted price. 
Derivatives 
The derivatives, measured using valuation techniques which rely on observable market inputs, are mainly currency swaps and 
forwards. The most frequently applied valuation techniques include discounted cash flow calculations, where inputs include 
foreign exchange spot and forward rates as well as interest rate curves. 
Investments in venture capital funds 
The Group / Company have a number of investments in venture capital funds. The Group’s and Company’s investments in 
venture capital funds are classified as Associates or Investments in subsidiaries depending on existence of significant influence 
or control. 
Investments in venture capital funds, except for investment in Baltic Innovation Funds, are measured using the equity method 
both at the Group and the Company level. Investments in Baltic Innovation Funds are measured at fair value through profit or 
loss statement.

--- Page 190 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
99 
 
41 Fair values of assets and liabilities (cont’d) 
Investment properties 
The fair value of the Group’s / Company’s investment property is determined based on reports of independent appraisers, 
who hold a recognised and relevant professional qualification, and who have had recent experience of the valuation of 
property in similar locations and of similar category. 
Investments in property are measured at fair value applying one or complex of the following three methods: (a) ,market 
approach, (b) income approach and (c) cost approach. 
The appropriate valuation method is selected depending on the nature of property and acquisition purpose. Investment 
property represents agricultural land, which average selling price per hectare is 2,5 thousand euro. 
Assets held for sale 
Non-current assets or disposal groups classified as held for sale are measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair 
value less costs to sell. Non-current assets and disposal groups are classified as held for sale if their carrying amount is recovered 
through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use. This condition is regarded to be met only when the sale is highly 
probable and the asset or disposal group is available for immediate sale in its present condition. Management must be 
committed to the sale, and the sale transaction must be classified as a completed sale within one year from the date of 
classification. The fair value of assets held for sale is based on selling price of underling investment properties. 
42 Segment Information 
Taking into account constant increase in operational volumes of the Land Fund over the last 3 years as well as significance of 
portfolio of the Land Fund in the Altum’s financial and non-financial instrument portfolio, the Group’s management has 
allocated as a separate segment the Land Fund services starting from the 1st quarter of 2020. The comparatives for the  2019 
for the Land Fund services have been reclassified accordingly following the new segmentation in order to ensure 
comparability of information. 
In 2nd quarter of 2020, AIF “Altum capital fund” was set up and registered with the Finance and Capital Market Commission 
and the Company was registered as a manager of this fund. Therefore the Group’s management allocated this new activity 
of the Group as a separate segment. 
Thus the Group’s management considers that the Group’s operations are performed in 7 operational segments: 
▪ Loan service 
▪ Guarantee service, 
▪ Venture capital fund service, 
▪ Grant service, 
▪ Land Fund service, 
▪ Management of AIF “Altum capital fund” 
▪ Other services. 
Other services include Land Fund’s transactions, transaction, which are connected to collateral taken over in the debt 
collection process and new state aid development, as well as transactions, which cannot be attributed to state aid 
programmes. 
Segment information is prepared in a manner consistent with the internal management information provided to the chief 
operating decision maker. The chief operating decision maker is the person or group that allocates resources to and assesses 
the performance of the operating segments of an entity. The Management board of the Company is the chief operating 
decision maker. 
The Group doesn’t provide detailed information on the type of transaction since all the transactions are external.

--- Page 191 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
100 
 
42 Segment Information (cont’d) 
Analysis of the operating segments of the Group for the period from 1 January 2020 till 31 December 2020, in thousands of 
euro: 
 
Loan 
service 
Guarantee 
service 
Venture 
capital 
fund 
service 
Grant 
service 
Land Fund 
service 
Management 
of AIF “Altum 
capital fund” 
Other 
services 
Total 
Interest income 
 11 881  
 2 975  
 42  
 -    
 1 536  
 -    
 8  
 16 442  
of which, interest on loans and 
guarantees (Note 4) 
 11 169  
 2 095  
 -    
 -    
 1 505  
 -    
 7  
 14 776  
Interest expense 
 (1 288) 
 (35) 
 -    
 -    
 (547) 
 -    
 -    
 (1 870) 
Net interest income 
 10 593  
 2 940  
 42  
 -    
 989  
 -    
 8  
 14 572  
Income for implementation of state 
aid programmes 
 478  
 742  
 4 063  
 1 173  
 -    
 -    
 70  
 6 526  
Expenses to be compensated for 
implementation of state aid 
programmes 
 (119) 
 (452) 
 (4 120) 
 (1 173) 
 -    
 -    
 (86) 
 (5 950) 
Net income for implementation of 
state aid programmes 
 359  
 290  
 (57) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (16) 
 576  
Gains from debt securities and 
foreign exchange translation 
 (24) 
 (28) 
 (1) 
 -    
 (3) 
 -    
 -    
 (56) 
Share of (losses) of investment in 
associates 
 -    
 -    
 (2 094) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (2 094) 
Share of gain of investment in 
associates at fair value through profit 
or loss 
 -    
 -    
 288  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 288  
Gains less losses from liabilities at fair 
value through profit or loss 
 -    
 -    
 1 908  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1 908  
Other income 
 -    
 -    
 566  
 7  
 1 811  
 282  
 387  
 3 053  
Other expense 
 (266) 
 (42) 
 (4) 
 (33) 
 (436) 
 (247) 
 (37) 
 (1 065) 
Operating income / (loss) before 
operating expenses 
 10 662  
 3 160  
 648  
 (26) 
 2 361  
 35  
 342  
 17 182  
Staff costs  
 (3 417) 
 (694) 
 (71) 
 (595) 
 (270) 
 -    
 (369) 
 (5 416) 
Administrative expense 
 (988) 
 (282) 
 (39) 
 (370) 
 (77) 
 (4) 
 (71) 
 (1 831) 
Amortisation of intangible assets and 
depreciation of property, plant and 
equipment 
 (452) 
 (179) 
 (32) 
 (179) 
 (38) 
 -    
 (36) 
 (916) 
(Impairment) gain, net 
 (2 238) 
 (1 521) 
 8  
 (228) 
 219  
 -    
 280  
 (3 480) 
Profit or (loss) from assets held for 
sale revaluation 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Total segment profit/(loss) 
 3 567  
 484  
 514  
 (1 398) 
 2 195  
 31  
 146  
 5 539  
Financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss 
 -    
 -    
 5 425  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 5 425  
Other investments 
 -    
 -    
 7 503  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 7 503  
Investments in associates  
 -    
 -    
 47 988  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 47 988  
Additions of property and 
equipment, intangible assets and 
investment property 
 582  
 167  
 33  
 275  
 11 660  
 -    
 41  
 12 758  
Total segment assets 
 425 054  
 156 837  
 126 265  
 50 485  
 68 590  
 -    
 23 473  
 850 704  
Total segment liabilities 
 251 157  
 76 321  
 36 525  
 47 715  
 55 645  
 -    
 747  
 468 110

--- Page 192 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
101 
 
42 Segment Information (cont’d) 
Analysis of the operating segments of the Group for the period from 1 January 2019 till 31 December 2019, in thousands of 
euro: 
 
Loan service 
Guarantee 
service 
Venture 
capital fund 
service 
Grant 
service 
Land Fund 
service 
Other 
services 
Total 
Interest income 
 10 151  
 2 263  
 125  
 2  
 803  
 -    
 13 344  
of which, interest on loans and 
guarantees (Note 4) 
 9 548  
 1 410  
 -    
 -    
 796  
 -    
 11 754  
Interest expense 
 (1 518) 
 (22) 
 -    
 -    
 (235) 
 -    
 (1 775) 
Net interest income 
 8 633  
 2 241  
 125  
 2  
 568  
 -    
 11 569  
Income for implementation of state aid 
programmes 
 469  
 784  
 3 611  
 1 200  
 -    
 101  
 6 165  
Expenses to be compensated for 
implementation of state aid 
programmes 
 (270) 
 (484) 
 (3 641) 
 (1 074) 
 -    
 (115) 
 (5 584) 
Net income for implementation of state 
aid programmes 
 199  
 300  
 (30) 
 126  
 -    
 (14) 
 581  
Gains from debt securities and foreign 
exchange translation 
 10  
 70  
 10  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 90  
Share of (losses) of investment in 
associates 
 -    
 -    
 (1 546) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (1 546) 
Share of gain of investment in 
associates at fair value through profit or 
loss 
 -    
 -    
 18  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 18  
Gains less losses from liabilities at fair 
value through profit or loss 
 -    
 -    
 1 539  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1 539  
Other income 
 -    
 -    
 762  
 2  
 1 181  
 223  
 2 168  
Other expense 
 (257) 
 (45) 
 (8) 
 (30) 
 (226) 
 (68) 
 (634) 
Operating income / (loss) before 
operating expenses 
 8 585  
 2 566  
 870  
 100  
 1 523  
 141  
 13 785  
Staff costs  
 (2 910) 
 (655) 
 (72) 
 (605) 
 (227) 
 (171) 
 (4 640) 
Administrative expense 
 (972) 
 (281) 
 (84) 
 (334) 
 (104) 
 (46) 
 (1 821) 
Amortisation of intangible assets and 
depreciation of property, plant and 
equipment 
 (397) 
 (153) 
 (29) 
 (165) 
 (22) 
 (21) 
 (787) 
(Impairment) gain, net 
 (1 061) 
 3 002  
 6  
 -    
 (1) 
 (247) 
 1 699  
Profit or (loss) from assets held for sale 
revaluation 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (105) 
 (105) 
Total segment profit/(loss) 
 3 245  
 4 479  
 691  
 (1 004) 
 1 169  
 (449) 
 8 131  
Financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (959) 
 (959) 
Other investments 
 -    
 -    
 250  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 250  
Investments in associates  
 -    
 -    
 2 616  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2 616  
Additions of property and equipment, 
intangible assets and investment 
property 
 408  
 124  
 26  
 190  
 9 175  
 24  
 9 947  
Total segment assets 
 343 368  
 49 316  
 68 687  
 40 183  
 40 128  
 18 379  
 560 061  
Total segment liabilities 
 173 392  
 67 778  
 17 867  
 28 971  
 38 382  
 933  
 327 323 
43 Events after the reporting date 
There are no other subsequent events since the last day of the reporting year, which would have a significant effect on the 
financial position of the Group / Company.

--- Page 193 ---
Deloitte refers to one or more of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited, a UK private company limited by guarantee (“DTTL”), its network of member firms, and their related entities. DTTL and 
each of its member firms are legally separate and independent entities. DTTL (also referred to as “Deloitte Global”) does not provide services to clients. Please see www.deloitte.com/lv/about 
for a more detailed description of DTTL and its member firms. 
 
In Latvia, the services are provided by SIA Deloitte Latvia, SIA Deloitte Audits Latvia and law firm Deloitte Legal (jointly referred to as “Deloitte Latvia”) which are affiliates of Deloitte Central 
Europe Holdings Limited. Deloitte Latvia is one of the leading professional services organizations in the country providing services in tax, legal, audit and advisory through over 150 national 
and specialized expatriate professionals. 
 
This communication contains general information only, and none of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited, its member firms, or their related entities (collectively, the “Deloitte Network”) is, by 
means of this communication, rendering professional advice or services. No entity in the Deloitte Network shall be responsible for any loss whatsoever sustained by any person who relies on 
this publication. 
 
© 2021 Deloitte Audits Latvia SIA 
 
 
Deloitte Audits Latvia 
Gredu iela 4a 
Riga 
LV-1019 
Latvia 
Tel: +371 67 07 4100 
Fax: +371 67 07 4103 
Latvia@deloittece.com 
www2.deloitte.com/lv/en.html 
 
 
 
Independent Auditors’ Report 
To the shareholder of JCS Finance Development Institution Altum 
Our Opinion on the Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements  
We have audited consolidated and separate financial statements of JSC Finance Development Institution 
Altum (“the Company”) and its subsidiaries (together - “the Group”) set out on pages 3 to 96 of the 
accompanying annual report, which comprise: 
• 
the consolidated and separate statement of financial position as at 31 December 2020,  
• 
the consolidated and separate statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended,  
• 
the consolidated and separate statement of changes in equity for the year then ended,  
• 
the consolidated and separate statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and  
• 
the notes to the consolidated and separate financial statements, which include a summary of significant 
accounting policies and other explanatory notes.  
In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated and separate financial statements give a true and fair view 
of the financial position of the Group and the Company as at 31 December 2020, and of their financial 
performance and their cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. 
Basis for Opinion  
In accordance with the Law on Audit Services of the Republic of Latvia we conducted our audit in accordance 
with International Standards on Auditing adopted in the Republic of Latvia (ISAs). Our responsibilities under 
those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated and 
Separate Financial Statements section of our report.  
We are independent of the Group in accordance with the International Ethics Standards Board for 
Accountants International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence 
Standards) and independence requirements included in the Law on Audit Services of the Republic of Latvia 
that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in the Republic of Latvia. We have also fulfilled our 
other professional ethics responsibilities and objectivity requirements in accordance with the International 
Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) and Law on 
Audit Services of the Republic of Latvia.  
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
opinion. 
Key Audit Matters 
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our 
audit of the consolidated and separate financial statements of the current period. These matters were 
addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated and separate financial statements as a whole, and 
in forming our opinion thereon, but we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. 
We have determined the matters described below to be the key audit matters to be communicated in our 
report.

--- Page 194 ---
Key audit matter 
How the matter was addressed in the audit 
Expected credit losses on loans and measurement of guarantees 
 
Refer to Notes 2 (16), 13 and 32 to the financial 
statements 
The assessment of loan loss provisions for loans 
provided to customers and valuation of financial 
guarantee contracts requires management to exercise 
a significant level of judgment, especially with regards 
to identifying impaired loans, quantifying amount of 
impairment and estimating the payments expected to 
be made under the financial guarantees. The level of 
uncertainty and level of subjectivity of judgments 
applied significantly increased in 2020 due to the 
COVID-19 pandemic. 
To assess the amount of provisions for expected credit 
losses, the Company applies comprehensive statistical 
models with a number of input parameters obtained 
from internal and external sources. If necessary, 
historical input parameters are adjusted so they can be 
used for a more appropriate estimation of losses in the 
future. 
In accordance with the requirements of IFRS 9 Financial 
Instruments, the Company distinguishes three stages 
of impairment, with the criteria for classification to 
individual stages being based on an assessment of the 
objective evidence about the loans and debtors and 
subjective evaluation of other relevant information 
available to the Company. 
The Company measures estimated credit losses for 
financial assets either on an individual basis for those 
assets that are individually significant or on a collective 
basis for groups of financial assets that share similar 
credit risk characteristics. 
Financial guarantee contracts are initially recognized at 
fair value and subsequently measured at a higher of (i) 
the amount of the loss allowance for the guaranteed 
exposure determined based on the expected loss model 
and (ii) the remaining unamortised balance of the 
amount initially recognised.  
As of 31 December 2020, the total impairment 
allowances for loans amount to EUR 20 713 thousand 
and the value of financial guarantee contracts reported 
in the statement of the financial position in line 
“Provisions” amounts to EUR 31 413 thousand. 
 
Our procedures included, but were not limited to: 
We 
assessed 
the 
appropriateness 
of 
the 
methodology used by the Company to identify 
impairment and quantify provisions for selected 
significant portfolios.  
We assessed the correctness of classification and 
recognition of credit losses for loans with payments 
deferred as a result of measures introduced to 
mitigate the negative consequences of the COVID-
19 pandemic in Latvia. 
We tested the design and operating effectiveness of 
key controls which the Company’s management has 
implemented in connection with the impairment 
assessment processes, including key controls for 
approval, recording and monitoring loans, input of 
contractual data and accuracy, completeness and 
approval of loss provisions. 
Our 
credit 
risk 
specialists 
assessed 
the 
appropriateness 
of 
management 
judgments 
regarding the determination of loan losses by 
considering 
the 
selection 
and 
application 
of 
appropriate models to the selected significant 
portfolios, and by comparing the inputs used in the 
Company’s models to the actual level of losses 
experienced by the Company in the past.  
With regards to macroeconomic parameters, we 
reviewed the analysis prepared by the Company of 
the expected macroeconomic developments and 
related parameters used in the IFRS 9 models.  
On a sample of loans and guarantees, we evaluated 
the 
correctness 
of 
IFRS 
9 
staging 
and 
appropriateness of provisioning levels. 
 
For a sample of loans assessed on an individual 
basis, we examined the loan exposures and 
evaluated the Company’s assessment of future 
recoveries, 
including 
the 
values 
of 
existing 
collaterals. 
 
The overall conclusion was supported by an analysis 
performed at an overall portfolio level using 
analytical 
methods 
to 
identify 
anomalies 
in 
classification of loans to IFRS 9 impairment stages 
and in the levels of loan loss provision.

--- Page 195 ---
Accounting for investments in venture capital funds  
 
Refer to Notes 2 (16), 16, 17, 18 and 22 to the financial 
statements 
 
The Company has made investments in a number of 
venture capital funds (“the VCFs”). The Company 
assesses whether it has control or significant influence 
over 
the 
VCFs 
and 
accordingly 
classifies 
each 
investment as either a subsidiary, an associate or as 
other investment.  
 
In the separate financial statements, the investments in 
subsidiaries are accounted for using the equity method. 
Subsidiaries are fully consolidated in the consolidated 
financial statements. Investments in associates, in both 
separate and consolidated financial statements, are 
accounted for using the equity method, except for the 
specific investments designed as ‘at fair value through 
profit and loss’. Other investments are accounted ‘at fair 
value through profit and loss’. 
 
Due to specific and complex nature of arrangements 
related 
to 
investments 
into 
VCFs 
and 
their 
management, significant judgment is applied in 
classifying VCFs into one of the abovementioned 
categories and selecting the appropriate accounting 
treatment. 
 
The values of the investments in VCFs are primary 
determined using information about fair values of the 
underlying investments held by the VCFs (“the VCF 
Assets”). The VCF Assets represent a combination of 
debt and equity instruments that are rarely traded in an 
active and liquid market. Often, VCFs invest into start-
up companies. Consequently, significant amount of 
judgment needs to be applied when determining the 
valuation of carrying amount of VCFs. 
 
As of 31 December 2020, the total value of investments 
in VCFs reported by the Company amounts to  
EUR 60 370 thousand. 
 
 
Our procedures included, but were not limited to: 
We evaluated key judgments made by management 
when 
classifying 
investments 
in 
VCFs 
as 
subsidiaries, associates or other investments. 
 
For a sample of the VCFs, we reviewed the 
contractual terms of the agreements related to 
management of the VCFs to evaluate the level of 
control that the Company holds over the VCF. 
 
We obtained the calculations of net asset values of 
the VCFs and the available information about the fair 
values of the underlying VCF Assets.  
 
For 
a 
sample 
of 
the 
VCFs, 
we 
assessed 
appropriateness of the calculation of its net assets.  
 
We discussed with the responsible employees of the 
Company the performance of the VCFs and VCF 
Assets to understand their current performance and 
Company’s expectations regarding the exit values 
for the VCF Assets. 
 
We assessed the relevance of adjustments made by 
the Company to the net asset values reported by the 
VCF’s. 
 
Other matter 
Consolidated and separate financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2019 were audited by other 
auditors whose report dated 31 March 2020 expressed an unqualified opinion on those statements. 
Reporting on Other Information  
The management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises: 
• 
the Management Report, as set out on pages 3 to 10 of the accompanying Annual Report, 
• 
the Statement on Management’s Responsibilities, as set out on page 12 of the accompanying Annual 
Report, 
• 
the Statement of Corporate Governance, as set out on pages 111 to 122 of the accompanying Annual 
Report. 
Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information included in the Annual Report, 
and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon, except as described in the Other reporting 
responsibilities in accordance with the legislation of the Republic of Latvia related to Other information 
section of our report. 
In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information 
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial 
statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

--- Page 196 ---
If, based on the work we have performed and in light of the knowledge and understanding of the Group and 
their environment obtained in the course of our audit, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of 
this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard. 
 
Other reporting responsibilities in accordance with the legislation of the Republic of Latvia related to other 
information 
In addition, in accordance with the Law on Audit Services of the Republic of Latvia with respect to the 
Management Report, our responsibility is to consider whether the Management Report is prepared in 
accordance with the requirements of the ‘Law On the Annual Reports and Consolidated Annual Reports’ of 
the Republic of Latvia. 
Based solely on the work required to be undertaken in the course of our audit, in our opinion:  
• 
the information given in the Management Report for the financial year for which the financial 
statements are prepared is consistent with the financial statements; and 
• 
the Management Report has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the ‘Law On the 
Annual Reports and Consolidated Annual Reports’ of the Republic of Latvia. 
In accordance with the Law on Audit Services of the Republic of Latvia with respect to the Statement of 
Corporate Governance, our responsibility is to consider whether the Statement of Corporate Governance 
includes the information required in section 56.1, section 1, clauses 3, 4, 6, 8, and 9, as well as article 56.2, 
section 2, clauses 1, 2, 3, 5, 6, 7 and 8 of the Financial Instruments Market Law. 
In our opinion, the Statement of Corporate Governance includes the information required in section 56.1, 
section 1, clauses 3 ,4, 6, 8, and 9, as well as article 56.2, section 2, clauses 1, 2, 3, 5, 6, 7 and 8 of the 
Financial Instruments Market Law. 
Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Consolidated and Separate 
Financial Statements 
Management is responsible for the preparation of the consolidated and separate financial statements that 
give a true and fair view in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the 
European Union and for such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the 
preparation of consolidated and separate financial statements that are free from material misstatement, 
whether due to fraud or error. 
In preparing the consolidated and separate financial statements, management is responsible for assessing 
the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern 
and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Group 
or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so. 
Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process. 
Auditors’ Responsibility for the Audit of the Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated and separate financial 
statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an 
auditors’ report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a 
guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when 
it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the 
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the 
basis of these consolidated and separate financial statements. 
As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional 
scepticism throughout the audit. We also: 
• 
Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated and separate financial 
statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those 
risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The 
risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from 
error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override 
of internal control. 
• 
Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures 
that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the 
effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

--- Page 197 ---
• 
Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting 
estimates and related disclosures made by management. 
• 
Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, 
based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or 
conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we 
conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditors’ report to 
the related disclosures in the consolidated and separate financial statements or, if such disclosures are 
inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the 
date of our auditors’ report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to 
continue as a going concern. 
• 
Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated and separate financial 
statements, including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated and separate financial statements 
represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves a fair presentation. 
• 
Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or 
business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We 
are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the Group audit. We remain solely 
responsible for our audit opinion. 
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope 
and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control 
that we identify during our audit. 
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical 
requirements regarding independence and objectivity, and to communicate with them all relationships and 
other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related 
safeguards. 
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that 
were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated and separate financial statements of the current 
period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditors’ report unless law 
or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we 
determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of 
doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication. 
Other reporting responsibilities and confirmations required by the legislation of the Republic of Latvia and 
the European Union when providing audit services to public interest entities 
We were first appointed as auditors on 8 December 2020. This is our first year of appointment as auditors. 
We confirm that: 
• 
our audit opinion is consistent with the additional report presented to the Audit committee of the 
Company; 
• 
as referred to in the paragraph 37.6 of the Law on Audit Services of the Republic of Latvia we have 
not provided to the Group and the Company the prohibited non-audit services (NASs) referred to of 
EU Regulation (EU) No 537/2014. We also remained independent of the audited entity in conducting 
the audit. 
The responsible certified auditor on the audit resulting in this independent auditors’ report is Inguna Stasa. 
 
Deloitte Audits Latvia SIA 
Licence No.43 
 
Inguna Stasa 
Member of the Board 
Certified Auditor of Latvia 
Certificate No.145 
 
Riga, Latvia 
March 31, 2021

--- Page 198 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Other notes to the Annual Report 
 
107 
 
OTHER NOTES TO THE ANNUAL REPORT  
 
Key financial and performance indicators 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
108 
Definitions of indicators 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
        109 - 110 
Corporate Governance Report 2020  
 
 
 
 
 
 
       111 – 122

--- Page 199 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Other notes to the Annual Report 
 
108 
 
OTHER NOTES TO THE ANNUAL REPORT 
KEY FINANCIAL AND PERFORMANCE INDICATORS 
 
Based on data from audited financial statements for the respective years 
 
 
2020 
 
2019  
2018  
2017 
(corrected) * 
2016 
(corrected) * 
2015 
(corrected) * 
Key financial data 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Net interest income (EUR ’000) ** 
 14 572  
 11 569  
 11 302 ** 
 11 602  
 11 024  
 16 419  
Profit for the period (EUR ’000) 
 5 539  
 8 131  
 4 092  
 8 709 * 
 2 170  
 4 924  
Cos to income ratio (CIR) *** 
47.51% 
52.58% 
74.84% *** 
50.30% * 
88.40% 
55.80% 
Employees 
 211  
 203  
 222  
 230  
 242  
 282  
Total assets (EUR ’000) 
 850 704  
 560 061  
 495 939  
 453 668 * 
 443 400 * 
 406 918  
Tangible common equity (TCE) / Total tangible managed 
assets (TMA) **** 
33.56% 
29.40% 
31.70% 
35.10% * 
36.50% 
37.30% 
Equity and reserves (EUR ’000) 
 382 594  
 232 738  
 221 590  
 222 848 * 
 210 406 * 
 199 610  
Total risk coverage: (EUR ’000) 
 180 205  
 87 456  
 77 815  
 67 593 * 
 66 508 * 
 41 021  
Risk coverage reserve 
 112 567  
 99 778  
 85 276  
 62 651  
 63 636 * 
 40 662  
Risk coverage reserve used for provisions  
 (28 197) 
 (27 829) 
 (19 268) 
 (4 753) 
 (4 323) 
 (1 276) 
Portfolio loss reserve (specific reserve capital) 
 102 264  
 15 507  
 11 807  
 9 695  
 7 195  
 1 635  
       Portfolio loss reserve used to       
       compensate provisions upon  
       approval of the annual report 
 (6 429) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Liquidity ratio for 180 days ***** 
464% 
582% 
227% 
482% * 
449% 
352% 
Financial instruments (gross value) 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Outstanding (EUR ’000) (by financial instrument) 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Loans (excluding sales and leaseback transactions) 
 302 481  
 225 144  
 210 208  
 207 065  
 217 429  
 218 562  
Guarantees 
 359 605  
 284 232  
 236 895  
 182 376  
 147 175  
 131 120  
Venture capital funds 
 73 165  
 68 331  
 59 698  
 62 299  
 64 785  
 44 378  
Land Fund, of which: 
 68 258  
 39 634  
 21 717  
 11 328  
 4 635  
 991  
           - sales and leaseback transactions 
 31 500  
 15 268  
 6 923  
 520  
 -  
 -  
           - investment properties 
 36 758  
 24 366  
 14 794  
 10 808  
 4 635  
 991  
Total 
 803 509  
 617 341  
 528 518  
 463 068  
 434 024  
 395 051  
Number of transactions 
 26 578  
 22 437  
 18 603  
 14 655  
 11 561  
 8 940  
Volumes issued (EUR ’000) (by financial instrument) 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Loans (excluding sales and leaseback transactions) 
 138 238  
 64 320  
 59 608  
 51 349  
 59 465  
 52 329  
Guarantees 
 137 425  
 98 240  
 88 765  
 68 615  
 56 109  
 50 065  
Venture capital funds 
 14 014  
 9 022  
 4 149  
 2 638  
 21 356  
 18 798  
Land Fund, of which: ****** 
 28 191  
 16 384  
 10 823  
 6 359  
 3 704  
 991  
           -  sales and leaseback transactions 
 16 796  
 7 239  
 6 835  
 520  
 -     
 -     
           - investment properties 
 11 395  
 9 145  
 3 988  
 5 839  
 3 704  
 991  
Total 
 317 868  
 187 966  
 163 345  
 128 961  
 140 634  
 122 183  
Number of transactions 
 6 147  
 5 559  
 5 590  
 4 839  
 4 537  
 2 841  
Total contribution to the economy, including the contribution 
of the final recipients (tEUR) 
696 305 
 531 661  
 460 045  
370 560  
359 706  
248 665  
Leverage for raised private funding 
114% 
142% 
162% 
185% 
162% 
104% 
Volume of support programmes funding per employee (EUR 
’000) 
 3 808  
 3 041  
 2 381  
 2 013  
 1 793  
 1 401  
Long-term rating assigned by Moody’s Investors Service 
 Baa1  
 Baa1   
 Baa1   
 Baa1   
 -   
 -   
 
* Due to change of accounting policy on investments in venture capital funds and adoption of IFRS 9 requirements that effects the accounting 
of public funding risk coverage the comparatives for 2017, 2016 and 2015 have been restated. 
** Due to reclassification of fees and commission related to lending activities following the industry practise, excludes fees and commission not 
related to lending activities, the comparatives for 2018 have been reclassified with subsequent ratio recalculation.      
*** Due to reclassification of staff and administrative costs to be compensated as well as respective income on compensation, the comparatives 
for 2018 have been reclassified with subsequent ratio recalculation.      
**** TMA includes off-balance sheet item outstanding guarantees. 
***** Liquidity ratio calculation takes into account the previous experience and management estimate of expected amount and timing of 
guarantees claims 
****** Taking into account the significance of the volume, the Land Fund portfolio, which consists of sales and leaseback transactions and 
investment properties, is also presented in the outstanding volumes and in volumes issued in the period. Since according to the accounting 
principles and IFRS the sales and leaseback transactions are accounted for under the loans, the volume of loans presented in this table has 
been reduced for the volume of the sales and leaseback transactions as it is recorded under the Land Fund portfolio.

--- Page 200 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Other notes to the Annual Report 
 
109 
 
Definitions of ratios  
Net income from interest, 
fees and commission 
“Net income from interest, fees and commission” is equal to the item “Net interest income” in the Statement 
of Comprehensive Income. Until 2018 this ratio included the following items of the Statement of 
Comprehensive Income: “Net interest income” and “Net income from fees and commissions”. In 2019 
following the industry practise Fee and commission income from lending activities is reclassified to Interest 
income from “Net income from fees and commissions”. Subsequently the fee and commission income not 
related to lending activities is reclassified within Other income and as such is not included in this ratio. The item 
“Net income from fees and commissions” is not applicable in The Statement of Comprehensive Income 
anymore. The comparatives have been reclassified accordingly. ALTUM uses this indicator as the key financial 
metric for profitability by evaluating ALTUM Group’s net income amount generated by the portfolio of financial 
instruments and recognised in the Statement of Comprehensive income. ALTUM management measures and 
monitors the actual performance of this indicator on a quarterly basis compared to the approved level in 
ALTUM Group’s budget. 
Cost to income ratio (CIR) 
“Cost to income ratio” (CIR) is calculated by dividing the amount of “Staff costs”, “Administrative expense”, 
“Amortisation of intangible assets and depreciation of property, plant and equipment” by “Operating income 
before operating expenses” included in the Statement of Comprehensive Income. ALTUM uses CIR to evaluate 
the operational efficiency. This is one of the measures of operational efficiency which ALTUM management 
assesses on a quarterly basis in the management reports to evaluate the outputs from different operational 
activities and efficiency improving measures. 
Tangible common equity 
(TCE) / Tangible managed 
assets (TMA) 
“Tangible Common Equity” (TCE) is calculated by subtracting the revaluation reserve of available for sale 
investments from total equity. 
The amount of “Total managed assets” (TMA) is calculated by adding the guarantees shown as off-balance 
sheet items to the total assets of ALTUM Group taking into account provisions for these guarantees and 
subtracting “Deferred expense”, “Accrued income”, “Property, plant and equipment”, “Intangible assets”, 
“Other assets” and “Assets held for sale”.  
Data for the calculation of both indicators (TCE, TMA) are obtained from ALTUM Group’s Financial statements: 
Statement of Financial Position and Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity, notes - Off balance sheet 
items and contingent liabilities and Provisions. ALTUM uses the ratio “TCE/TMA” to evaluate ALTUM Group’s 
capital position adequacy and to measure ALTUM Group’s tangible common equity in terms of ALTUM Group’s 
tangible managed assets including the off-balance sheet item Guarantee portfolio. The Risk and Liquidity 
Management Committee of ALTUM monitors its level on a quarterly basis.  
Total risk coverage 
“Total Risk Coverage” is the net funding available for covering the expected credit losses of the State aid 
programmes implemented by ALTUM. “Total Risk Coverage” is calculated as the total of “Risk Coverage 
Reserve” and “Portfolio Loss Reserve” (Specific Capital Reserves) less “Risk Coverage Reserve Used for 
Provisions” and “Portfolio loss reserve used to compensate provisions upon approval of the annual report”. The 
expected losses are estimated before implementation of the respective State aid programme and part of the 
public funding received under respective State aid programme for coverage of expected losses on credit risk 
is transferred either to “Portfolio Loss Reserve” as ALTUM Group’s specific capital reserve or accounted 
separately as provisions for risk coverage under liabilities item “Risk Coverage Reserve”. “Portfolio Loss Reserve” 
(specific capital reserve) is disclosed in the Note on Reserves to the Financial statements of the ALTUM Group. 
“Risk Coverage Reserve” is disclosed in the Note on Support Programme Funding to the Financial statements 
of ALTUM Group. “Risk Coverage Reserve Used for Provisions” is the amount of “Risk Coverage Reserve” 
allocated to and used for provisioning for impairment loss on loan portfolio and guarantees which in its turn is 
disclosed in the Note on Support Programme Funding to the Financial statements of ALTUM Group. “Portfolio 
loss reserve used to compensate provisions upon approval of the annual report” is disclosed in the Note on 
Reserves to the Financial statements of the ALTUM Group. 
“Total Risk Coverage” is key indicator to be used for assessment of ALTUM’s risk coverage on implemented 
programmes and long-term financial stability.  
180-day liquidity ratio 
“180-days-liquidity ratio” is calculated by dividing the amount of the balances “Due from other credit 
institutions and the Treasury” with a maturity of up to 1 month and “Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income and Investment securities” by the amount of the total liabilities maturing within 6 
months and total financial commitments maturing within 6 months (off-balance sheet items). The data 
required for the calculation of the “180-days liquidity ratio” is disclosed in the following ALTUM Group’s Financial 
statements: Statement of Financial Position and notes – Maturity profile of assets and liabilities under the section 
of Risk Management, Off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities. ALTUM uses the “180-days-liquidity 
ratio” to assess and monitor ALTUM Group’s ability to fulfil ALTUM Group’s contractual and/or contingent 
liabilities during 6 (six) month with the currently available liquidity resources. “180-days-liquidity ratio” helps to 
manage ALTUM Group’s liquidity risk in line with ALTUM Group’s/ALTUM’s funding management objectives and 
risk framework. Risk and Liquidity Management Committee of ALTUM monitors its level on a quarterly basis. 
Total contribution to the 
economy, including the 
participation of the final 
recipients, by volumes 
issued in the period 
The 'Total contribution to the economy, including the participation of the final recipients, by volumes issued in 
the period’ is calculated by adding to the volumes issued by ALTUM the financing provided by the private co-
financier and the project promoter.

--- Page 201 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Other notes to the Annual Report 
 
110 
 
Definition of ratios (cont’d) 
Leverage for raised private 
funding 
“Leverage for raised private funding” indicates the amount of additional private funds invested in a project in 
addition to ALTUM’s financing. “Leverage for raised private funding” is determined considering the financing 
invested by a private co-financier and a project’s implementer, which, on average, makes up to 50 per cent 
for loans, up to 70 per cent for guarantees and venture capital (except for housing loan guarantees’ 
programme for the first instalment with a ratio of 795 per cent) in addition to ALTUM’s funding. 
Employees 
Average number of employees in the period excluding members of the Council and the Audit Committee. 
Volume of support 
programmes funding per 
employee 
"Support programmes funding per employee" is calculated by dividing the gross value of the Financial 
Instruments Portfolio by the average number of employees during the period, excluding members of the 
Supervisory Council and the Audit Committee. 
Venture capital 
The Venture Capital Funds presented at their gross value.

--- Page 202 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Other notes to the Annual Report 
 
111 
 
Corporate Governance Report 2020 
The statement of joint-stock company Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum (Development Finance Institution Altum, hereinafter 
– Altum), unified registration No. 50103744891, On corporate governance in 2020 is prepared in accordance with the 
requirements of Section 56.2 Paragraph three of the Financial Instruments Market Law and based on the good corporate 
governance recommendations for capital companies in Latvia, developed by the Corporate Governance Advisory Council 
(Corporate Governance Code, January 2021). The recommendations have been developed taking into consideration the 
requirements set for companies in the laws and regulations of the Republic of Latvia, as well as good governance 
recommendations of the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development. The Corporate Governance Report 
also covers ESG aspects based on the Nasdaq ESG Reporting Guide 2.0 (May 2019). 
Altum Group (Altum and the total of companies included in the consolidation group, hereinafter referred as the Group) parent 
company is a Latvia state-owned company ensuring access of enterprises and households to the financing resources by 
means of support financial instruments - loans, guarantees, investments in venture capital funds - in areas defined as important 
and to be supported by the state, thus developing national economy and by such way enhancing mobilization of private 
capital and financial resources.  
Strategy 2019 - 2021  
On 30 May 2019, Altum Council approved Altum’s Medium-Term Operational Strategy 2019-2021.  
Since March 2020, as delegated by the government, Altum has engaged actively in mitigating the adverse impact of Covid-
19 pandemic on SME and Midcaps in Latvia by developing new financial support instruments. Altum takes pillar role for 
providing Covid-19 financial instruments (excl. standstill grants) – loans and guarantees in Latvia. In co-operation with the 
Ministry of Economics new financial support instruments were developed effective as of 25 March 2020 and already co-
ordinated with the European Commission.  
In spring another financial instrument alternative investment fund “Altum Capital Fund” was created with the aim to support 
well-managed, perspective Mid-cap companies to overcome the effect of Covid-19 that as a result of the virus impact are 
ready to adjust their operations by changing their business model, adjusting product development, introducing new 
technology and expanding to new export markets.  
Total capital injection in Specific Reserve capital to ensure Covid-19 financial instruments to SME and Midcaps reached EUR 
145 million during 2020 for respective funding needs and expected credit loss. 
Therefore the Medium-Term Operational Strategy 2019-2021 was amended to determine new projected performance 
indicators by implementing additional state aid programmes to mitigate the impact of Covid-19 on SME and Midcap in Latvia, 
which were not previously included in the strategy. Furthermore, the risk coverage for these financial instruments is arranged 
by transferring funds to Altum’s special reserve capital, which provides for an increase in equity, while programme expenses, 
including credit risk provisions in accordance with IFRS requirements, as well as programme revenues affect the financial results 
for the reporting period. On 11 March this year, Altum Council approved these amendments to Altum’s Medium-Term 
Operational Strategy 2019-2021.  
The following strategic development directions and long-term objectives are set in the approved JSC Development Finance 
Institution Altum Medium-Term Operational Strategy 2019-2021:  
▪ Major financial objective in implementation of 
the state aid programmes – positive return on 
Altum’s capital.  
 
▪ Priority directions of Altum are: issuing of guarantees and their 
servicing, venture capital investments, implementation of 
energy efficiency programmes with regard to both – heat 
insulation of apartment buildings and corporate segment, 
development of the Latvian Land Fund as well as initiation of 
new projects by expanding the range of the financial 
instruments offered.  
▪ Major non-financial objective is to support and 
promote availability of finances to the business 
and development of the national economy.  
▪ Main target segments: support for entrepreneurs, energy 
efficiency, support for farmers, support for specific categories of 
persons, management of the Latvian Land Fund.

--- Page 203 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Other notes to the Annual Report 
 
112 
 
Corporate Governance Report 2020 (cont’d) 
Detailed information on implementation of financial objectives is disclosed in the Consolidated and Separate Annual Report 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 (hereinafter - the Annual Report), Management Report and in the Annual Report Other 
Notes. On achievement of non-financial objectives set in the Strategy for 2020, which were included in the original version of 
the Medium-Term Operational Strategy 2019-2021 and in the amended Strategy, taking into consideration the additional 
financial instruments utilized by Altum to mitigate the effects of Covid-19 on the SME and Midcap segment in Latvia, see 
below.  
▪ 
Contribution to economy by Altum volumes issued in 2020 reaches EUR 696 million (+EUR 73 million/+12% vs original 
projection in the Strategy (30.05.2019); +EUR 11 million/+2% vs projection in the amended Strategy (11.03.20211); +EUR 
164 million/+31% vs 2019).  
 
▪ 
Volume of support programmes funding (excl. grants) per employee is EUR 3.8 million (+EUR 0.3 million/+9% vs original 
projection in the Strategy; +EUR 0.2 million/+6% vs projection in the amended Strategy ;+EUR 0.8 million/+27% vs 2019).  
 
▪ 
Employee turnover is 3%, which is less than projected in the original and the amended versions of the Strategy (<10%), 
-4% vs 2019.  
 
▪ 
Annual number of trained employees reaches 95%, which is more than projected in the original and the amended 
versions of the Strategy (>60%), +11% vs 2019.  
 
▪ 
Volumes issued (excl. grants) in 2020 reaches EUR 318 million (+EUR 111 million/+54% vs original projection in the 
Strategy, with minor deviation of -EUR 17 million/-5% vs projection in the amended Strategy, +EUR 130 million/+69% vs 
2019).  
 
▪ 
Gross portfolio as at end of 2020 is EUR 804 million (+EUR 147 million/+22% vs original projection in the Strategy, with 
minor deviation of -EUR 24 million/-3% vs projection in the amended and enhanced Strategy, +EUR 187/+30% vs 2019).  
 
▪ 
Credit rating assigned by Moody’s projected, both in the original and in the amended and enhanced Strategy, not 
more than two niches below the sovereign rating of Latvia (A3 by Moody’s), actual for 2020 (same for 2019) is Baa1 
(one niche below the sovereign rating of Latvia), better than projected.  
The achieved non-financial targets’ deviations from the original projections in the Strategy (30.05.2019) are positive. Deviations 
of individual indicators from the projections in the amended and enhanced Strategy (11.03.2021) are insignificant, and they 
have not adversely affected implementation of the key objectives and strategy of Altum.  
Information on the key elements of the internal control and risk management system of Altum that are applied in the 
preparation of the financial statements  
Internal control 
The purpose of the internal control system is to provide a reasoned assurance that the assets of Altum and the Group are 
secured against loss and unauthorised management and use, the operational risks are identified and managed on an 
ongoing basis, the amount of capital is adequate to cover the identified risks inherent in the operation of Altum and the 
Group, the transactions are performed in line with the procedures established by Altum and the Group, Altum and the Group 
operate reasonably, prudently and efficiently in compliance with the requirements of laws and regulations, and the 
drawbacks identified in the management of Altum and the Group are fixed in due time. 
The management of Altum and the Group bears responsibility for establishing a comprehensive internal control system (ICS) 
and its effective functioning. With respect to preparing the financial statements and the truthfulness, impartiality, clarity and 
completeness of the information disclosed therein, this responsibility is materialized by selecting adequate accounting 
methods that are described in internal regulatory documents.  
The Internal Audit Division, being an independent body subordinated to Altum’s Council with its head appointed based on 
the decision of Altum shareholders’ meeting, supervises the internal control system at Altum and the Group and assesses its 
adequacy and efficiency. Every year the shareholders’ meeting approves the annual action plan for the internal audit about 
which the Internal Audit Division reports to the Council. The Council supervises how the Board provides for establishment of the 
internal control system and its efficient operation. The reports on the results of the internal audits and functioning of the 
management and control system produced by the Internal Audit Division are submitted to the Council. At least once a year 
the Internal Audit Division drafts and submits to the Shareholders’ meeting a report on the accomplished audits and major 
problems identified, gives its assessment of ICS efficiency and opinion on the measures to be undertaken to improve the 
operation of the internal control system. An Audit Committee has been established in Altum and the Group, which, inter alia,

--- Page 204 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Other notes to the Annual Report 
 
113 
 
Corporate Governance Report 2020 
 (cont’d) 
monitors the efficiency of the internal control and risk management system, in as much as it pertains to maintaining the 
credibility and impartiality of annual reports and consolidated annual reports. The Audit Committee, in line with the 
requirements of Law on the Financial Instruments Market, monitors the process of the preparation of financial statements of 
Altum and the Group, and performs other duties assigned to it by laws and regulations. The Internal Audit Division performs its 
duties in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations, the international standards for the professional practice in 
internal auditing and the internal regulations of Altum and the Group. 
An Accounting Policy and Policy on Establishment of Provisions have been developed in Altum and the Group, the purpose 
of which is to define principles, methods and rules for the accounting, assessment and disclosure of transactions, facts, events 
and items in financial statements. The management of Altum and the Group has established an accounting policy that 
ensures that the financial statements provide information that is reliable and useful for the users of such statements in decision-
making. The applied Accounting Policy and Policy on Establishment of Provisions ensure that the information disclosed in the 
statements of Altum and the Group is true, comparable, timely, significant, explicit, relevant and complete. Altum and the 
Group have developed internal regulatory documents defining the procedure of preparing the financial statements. 
Risk management 
For risk management, Altum and the Group have developed a risk management system that takes into account the size, 
structure and operational characteristics of Altum and the Group, as well as restricted options for management of certain 
risks. Altum and the Group manage the risks affecting their operations in compliance with the risk management internal 
regulatory documents approved by Altum and the Group that detail and establish the aggregate of measures used in 
management of the risks inherent to their operations. 
The following major risk management principles are followed: 
▪ 
Risk management is a component of every-day functions; 
▪ 
Altum and the Group identify and assess the probable risks before launching of new products or services; 
▪ 
While assuming the risks, Altum and the Group are capable of long-term pursuit of the delegated aims and assignments;  
▪ 
Altum and the Group do not enter into transactions, operations, etc. entailing risks that endanger their operational stability 
or may result in substantial damage to their reputation. 
In their risk management Altum and the Group make use of various risk analysis methods and instruments as well as establish 
risk limits and restrictions. 
Information about the key elements of the risk management system of enterprises involved in consolidation, applied in 
preparation of consolidated financial statements, is provided in Annual Report. 
Annual Report is publicly available in the premises of Altum at 4 Dome Square, Riga and in electronic form – on the website 
www.altum.lv, in INVESTORS section under FINANCIAL INFORMATION sub-section and in ABOUT ALTUM section under 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION sub-section.  
Independent audit 
An independent audit of the financial statements of Altum and the Group is performed by independent auditors who provide 
their opinion stating whether the financial statements of Altum and the Group give a true and fair view of the financial position, 
financial performance and cash flows of Altum and the Group in accordance with the International Financial Reporting 
Standards as adopted by the European Union. SIA Deloitte Audits Latvija has been approved the auditor of the financial 
statements of Altum and Group for years 2020-2022. Pursuant to the requirements of EU Regulation No 537/2014 regarding the 
appointment of statutory auditors or audit firms at public-interest entities, Altum Audit Committee was involved in the auditor 
selection process. The auditor was selected following the procedure established by the Public Procurement Law. The following 
qualification criteria were considered in selection of the auditor:  
- in the last 3 (three) years (2017, 2018, 2019 and 2020 until the submission of the proposal) has had experience of at least 3 
(three) audits performed on the annual reports of credit institutions, provided that the balance sheet value of the credit 
institution’s loan portfolio is not less than EUR 200 million;  
- holds a licence for provision of the services of sworn auditor; 
- the auditor in charge holds the certificate of sworn auditor issued by Latvian Association of Sworn Auditors. 
- the tenderer as well as any cooperation partner of the tenderer’s network of audit firms (if the tenderer is a cooperation

--- Page 205 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Other notes to the Annual Report 
 
114 
 
Corporate Governance Report 2020 (cont’d) 
partner of a network of audit firms) has not provided Altum or companies it controls in the European Union with non-audit 
services prohibited under second subparagraph of paragraph 1 of Article 5 of EU Regulation No 537/2014 in the period referred 
to in first subparagraph of paragraph 1 of Article 5, and the tenderer meets the requirements referred to in Articles 4 and 5 of 
EU Regulation No 537/2014. 
The following criteria were applied to selection of the auditor: 
- the most economically feasible offer with the lowest price;  
- performance of the contract involves an expert on International Financial Reporting.  
ESG aspects - environmental, social and corporate governance. 
In its day-to-day operations in implementing State-delegated functions to foster development of the national economy and  
voluntarily taking the responsibility for its impact on society and the environment, Altum acts in compliance with the 
organization’s strategy and values (Team, Excellence, Responsibility). 
Altum uses support financial instruments – loans, guarantees and investments in venture capital funds - to foster development 
of the national economy in areas defined as important and to be supported by the state, enhancing mobilization of private 
capital and financial resources. Altum has a long-term vision to attract financing for the purpose of ensuring the availability of 
resources to finance business projects important for the national economy. 
Altum has identified and developed close cooperation with its stakeholders, being aware of Altum’s special role in the national 
economy and the needs of its stakeholders. Altum is aware of and assesses the social, environmental and economic impact 
of its operations, and engages stakeholders in tackling matters important to both sides. In developing relations with the parties 
relevant, Altum organizes and is involved in consultations, establishes partnerships, organises informational and educational 
events. 
The efficiency of Altum operations in the long term can only be ensured by adhering to the principle of sustainable business, 
which consists of three interrelated and equally important aspects of ESG – environmental, social and corporate governance. 
Environmental aspect 
Altum consistently pursues a continuous cycle of environmental management and performance improvement, including by 
revising long- and short-term environmental performance targets. Our environmental policy expresses our goals and 
commitment to implementing our activities with the least possible direct and indirect impact on the environment. Altum 
provides a broad range of support for citizens and businesses to improve energy efficiency. We profoundly believe that 
sustainability is the future for the people of Latvia, entrepreneurs and ourselves. Altum defines business sustainability as the 
creation of long-term value, taking into account economic, ethical, social and environmental considerations. Proper 
environmental management is a good business practice that must be implemented by Altum, our customers and cooperation 
partners. 
Altum focuses on sustainable development and innovative solutions for ensuring financial stability. 
Already In 2017 Altum issued bonds as series of notes quoted on Nasdaq Riga for the total face value of EUR 20 million being 
in compliance with the Green Bond Framework, becoming the first national development institution of the Central and Eastern 
European countries that has issued the green bonds. In order to assure investors that funding raised by green bonds will be 
used by ALTUM to invest in environment-friendly projects and help to reach specific environmental objectives, CICERO (Centre 
for International Climate and Environmental Research, Oslo) prepared an independent opinion on the Green Bond Framework 
of ALTUM. CICERO recognised that the system of financial management and reporting of the funds acquired as a result of the 
issue of the notes complied with high standards.  
The funding attracted from the issue of the Green Bonds is used to fund sustainable business projects in the fields of energy 
efficiency, energy generation from renewable energy resources, green buildings and sustainable transportation, including 
energy service companies (ESCO) that provide services to the companies in these fields. In 2020 the loan volume issued to 
those projects was EUR 5.4 million, a decrease of EUR 1.3 million as compared to 2019. As the implementation of projects in all 
these four segments is very time consuming, financing is issued in 9-12 months after a decision is taken on granting the 
financing. 2020 was a special year because funding was allotted for the first projects in the sustainable transport segment – 
development of a car sharing fleet of electric vehicles in Latvia and conversion of passenger minibuses from fossil fuels to 
electric batteries for passenger transportation in one of the largest cities in Latvia. Also in 2020, funding was provided to the 
first ESCO in the field of renewable energy for the installation of solar panels. The largest share of loans is still issued in the energy 
efficiency segment that, in terms of the number of projects and financing, is ahead of the renewable energy, sustainable

--- Page 206 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Other notes to the Annual Report 
 
115 
 
Corporate Governance Report 2020 (cont’d) 
transport and green buildings segments, but as the activity in the three latter segments continues to increase, a better balance 
is likely to be struck. Energy efficiency investment projects are being implemented not only by companies but also in the 
municipal sector, where solutions for heating systems are mainly implemented. Several ESCO projects in the field of lighting 
and technology should also be highlighted as the number of such projects continued to rise in 2020. Slowly but irreversibly, 
Latvian companies are beginning to realize the need for green and sustainable investments, considering not only gains these 
investments bring to the mitigation of climate change but also to immediate financial benefits of the company by decreased 
consumption of energy resources and maintenance.  
As the development finance institution of Latvia, Altum’s impact on the environment is mostly indirect and arises from 
implementation of customer support programmes. As a state capital company and a financial sector participant, Altum is 
aware of its important role in achieving the ambitious objectives of the National Energy and Climate Plan 2021-2030. Altum’s 
credit policy, as well as cooperation with other players in the financial sector, is reviewed in line with these challenges. 
Even though Altum, as a development finance institution, has a relatively small direct impact on the environment, Altum aims  
to further reduce its direct impact on the environment. In 2020, we generated 36.1% less CO2 emissions than in 2018 and 22.4% 
less than in 2019. We achieved this by improving the energy efficiency of Altum offices, electricity consumption of appliances, 
renewing the ageing car fleet, as well as improving the daily work schedule so that increasingly more tasks could be performed 
remotely.  
Altum pursues a continuous cycle of environmental management and performance improvement, including by revising long- 
and short-term environmental performance targets. Environmental management principles and performance in 2020 are 
available on the Altum website https://www.altum.lv//lv/par-altum/vides-parvaldibas-principi/.  
Corporate governance 
Adherence to the principles of corporate governance contributes to value growth of the company in the long term, effective 
management and transparency. The principles are applicable at all Altum levels, creating a successful system of mutual 
relations between the Shareholder, the Council, the Board, employees, customers and society. In its day-to-day operations, 
Altum is engaged in open and trustworthy communication with all involved parties, as well as ensures compliance with Latvian 
and international legal norms and ethical standards. 
Information about management of Altum and Group, representatives of the holders of the capital shares, Audit Committee 
and administrative structure of Altum is available on Altum’s home page www.altum.lv, under section ABOUT ALTUM, sub-
section Management and Structure. 
Effective 2021, Altum follows the Corporate Governance Recommendations included in the Corporate Governance Code 
(hereinafter – the Code), endorsed by the Corporate Governance Advisory Board of the Ministry of Justice. The Code is 
available on website https://www.tm.gov.lv/sites/tm/files/media_file/korporativas-parvaldibas-kodekss_0.pdf.  
In assessing the compliance of Altum’s corporate governance system with the corporate governance principles set out in the 
Code and observance of these principles in Altum’s operations, Altum observes the main aspects of corporate governance 
principles applicable to its operations, except for the principle “Independent members of the company’s council”. 
Pursuant to Section 7 of the Law on Development Finance Institution, the members of Altum Council and Board are subject to 
the requirements as are provided in the Credit Institution Law for the members of the council and of the board of a credit 
institution.  
The composition and period of operation of Altum Council and Board are determined by the Law on Development Finance 
Institution. Altum Council is composed of three members. Each shareholder has the right to nominate one candidate for the 
position of a Council member. Chairperson of the Council is a member of the Council nominated by the Ministry of Finance. 
Altum Board may not have more than five members. The Council appoints the chairperson of the Board from among the 
members of the Board. The term of office for the members of the Council and the Board is three years. 
The procedure for nominating members of the Board and the Council is provided in the Law on Governance of Capital Shares 
of a Public Person and Capital Companies. 
The holder of State capital shares or the Council of the capital company establishes a nomination committee to evaluate the 
candidates for members of the Board or the Council. The nomination committee includes representatives nominated by the 
holder of State capital shares or the Council and the Cross-sectoral Coordination Centre, as well as independent experts and, 
if necessary, observers with advisory rights. 
Potential candidates for Board and Council members are selected by organizing a public application procedure for

--- Page 207 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Other notes to the Annual Report 
 
116 
 
Corporate Governance Report 2020 (cont’d) 
candidates. Exceptions are allowed only in cases provided for by the law if a member of the Council or the Board is elected 
for a new term or the candidate cannot be nominated in a time period that would ensure the Council or the Board’s capacity 
to act.  
If a candidate cannot be nominated in a time period that would ensure the Council or the Board’s capacity to act, such 
candidate is appointed as a member of the Council or the Board who complies with the relevant criteria of professionalism 
and competence. A person elected in accordance with this procedure fulfils the official duties until the moment when a 
Council or Board member is elected pursuant to the nomination procedure laid down in the law, but not longer than for one 
year.  
The remuneration of the Council and the Board members is determined by the laws and regulations of the Republic of Latvia 
– Law on Governance of Capital Shares of a Public Person and Capital Companies and the Cabinet regulations issued on the 
basis thereof. The legal acts establish a unified regulation for the remuneration of members of the Council and the Board of a 
capital company of a public person. The Cross-sectoral Coordination Centre’s Guidelines for Determining the Remuneration 
of Members of the Board and Council of a Capital Company of a Public Person and a Public Private Capital Company define 
the procedure for paying bonuses or variable remuneration to the Board after approving the annual account and evaluating 
the performance of the company, its Board and Council in the reporting year. 
Altum maintains social dialogue with employees and their representatives. The Collective Agreement provides additional 
guarantees for Altum employees, regulates rest time, remuneration, and matters that deal with occupational safety, as well 
as ensures the principles of fairness, mutual trust, understanding and transparency. The Collective Agreement applies to all 
Altum employees with an employment contract signed for an indefinite term or for a period of not less than twelve months, 
and whose probation period specified in the employment contract has expired. At the end of 2020, the Collective Agreement 
did not apply to 4.6% or 10 employees with fixed-term contracts shorter than 12 months and 1.4% or 3 employees who had 
not yet completed the probation period provided in their employment contracts. 
Altum has zero tolerance for bribery and corruption and they are prohibited in any form, either direct or indirect. Altum does 
not engage in corrupt transactions and fully condemns such transactions. In order to ensure proper management of risks of 
corruption, bribery and conflicts of interest, Altum has established an internal control system that ensures preventive risk 
management and a control environment aimed at preventing corruption risks by precluding conflicts of interest, corrupt 
practices and bribery in decision-making and the work environment as a whole. By improving the professional competence 
of Altum employees and drawing their attention to the risks of corruption in the work environment, in 2020 Altum organized 
training of all employees concerning bribery and corruption prevention. Altum’s ethical principles are laid down in the Ethical 
Code and are binding on all Altum employees.  
Altum provides a number of secure and protected channels, including for whistleblowing, https://www.altum.lv/lv/trauksmes-
celsana/, in order to detect any possible bribery or corruption activity, or any violation of anti-corruption laws and regulations. 
No complaints about corruption or whistleblower reports were received in 2020. 
The principles of personal data processing implemented by Altum, including in personnel selection procedures, provide 
information on how Altum handles personal data through its internal resources, including information systems. Personal data 
means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. Information about the processing of personal 
data is provided on the website https://www.altum.lv/lv/privatuma-politika/ in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing 
of personal data and on the free movement of such data.  
At the Nasdaq Baltic stock exchanges’ initiative Nasdaq Baltic Awards 2021, Altum scored 81.47 out of 100 in terms of 
transparency, sound corporate governance and excellence in investor relations. The awards honour the companies with the 
best investor relations and the best shareholder return as well as the best performing stock exchange member. They also 
highlight the most significant stock exchange events – those with the most impact on the Baltic capital market’s development. 
Assessment of companies and members of the Baltic stock exchanges is done by local and international corporate 
governance and investor relations experts.  
Social aspect 
The social aspect refers to the trust and support of shareholders, employees, cooperation partners, customers and the public.  
Altum cares for the well-being of its employees by providing opportunities for growth, adequate working conditions, as well as 
social guarantees and social security measures set out in the collective agreement. Altum pursues an organizational culture 
that values mutual respect, diversity, inclusive environment and the principle of equality, as well as creates conditions in which 
these values are respected, maintained and developed. The work environment and processes are designed so as to prevent

--- Page 208 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Other notes to the Annual Report 
 
117 
 
Corporate Governance Report 2020 (cont’d) 
the possibility of human rights being infringed upon or violated. 
In order to attract qualified, professional and motivated personnel, Altum has been implementing and continues to implement 
personnel selection procedures based on clear principles. The laws and regulations of the Republic of Latvia contain extensive 
provisions that regulate non-discriminatory treatment, and Altum fully complies with these provisions. The existing staff has been 
built by matching professional competencies required by Altum with the labour market offer.  
Employee turnover in 2020 was 3.3%, or comparatively low. Last year, applications for 19 vacancies were announced. All 
employees had the opportunity to participate in personnel selection competitions, and 42% of vacancies were filled by Altum 
employees. In 2020, there were no long-term vacancies, which points to a positive image of Altum as an employer and quality 
recruitment process. 
Altum has observed that employees with different experiences and attitudes are able to respond more effectively to 
customers’ needs, find innovative solutions, thereby increasing productivity and efficiency. Working with employees of 
different age groups, we successfully combine the enthusiasm of youth with many years of experience and knowledge.  
The average number of employees in 2020 was 210 – 66% were women and 34% men. 9% of employees are younger than 30, 
66.7% are between the ages of 31 and 50, 24.3% employees are over the age of 51. The average age of Altum employees 
was 42 years in 2020. 
In 2020, Altum had 43 top and medium-level managers, of which 56% were women and 44% men. 2.3% of managers are 20 
to 30 years old, 67.4% of managers are 31 to 50 years old, 30.3% of managers are older than 51 years. Altum employed 167 
specialists in 2020, of which 68.3% were women and 31.7% men. 2.3% of these employees are aged 20 to 30, 67.4% of 
employees are aged 31 to 50, and 30.3% are older than 51 years.  
Altum’s Ethical Code prohibits discrimination. An Ethics Commission has been set up at the company and procedures have 
been introduced for reviewing ethical violations, complaints and proposals. No complaints of discrimination in the workplace 
were received in 2020. 
All Altum employees have written employment contracts and official registration of employment relationships is provided to 
ensure that the relevant state institutions receive all the necessary information. In 2020, Altum employed an average of 186 
employees with an open-ended employment contract and 24 employees with a fixed-term employment contract. In 
cooperation with higher education institutions, in 2020 Altum provided internships for students from 8 higher education 
institutions. 
Working conditions, remuneration, benefits and other conditions are designed to ensure equal opportunities for all employees 
and also to facilitate the work-life balance and parental responsibilities. In 2020, Altum did not receive any complaints about 
violations of working hours, remuneration or absence that would constitute human rights violations. 
In early 2020, Altum developed a Diversity, Equality and Inclusion Policy, supporting diversity and equal rights in the selection, 
growth and development of personnel, without supporting or encouraging in any way discrimination against individuals on 
the grounds of race, religion, age, origin, sexual orientation, disability and other aspects.  
In November, Altum joined Latvian Diversity Charter, becoming one of the official ambassadors for diversity in business and 
the workplace. Latvian Diversity Charter is a voluntary declaration striving for respect and inclusion of diversity groups. Altum 
strives for respect for diversity both in the workplace and in Latvian society as a whole. Involvement in the diversity movement 
is the next step in improving Altum employees’ understanding of diversity management issues, promoting a positive attitude 
towards diversity and encouraging the ability of society to see diversity as an opportunity rather than a disadvantage. 
Staff training and development is an important part of the staff management system. Altum, in accordance with its strategic 
goals, is involved in raising the qualification of employees, continuous development of their skills and knowledge, and the 
opportunity to gain diverse experience within the company. The aim of staff training is to improve job performance and 
efficiency, develop the skills needed for the job, provide additional skills for professional growth and prepare employees for 
new positions and responsibilities. The most suitable solutions for increasing professional development and competence are 
used in the organization of the training process.  
Employee training and professional development in 2020 was organized in accordance with Altum’s strategic goals and 
training needs identified in the annual professional assessment. In order to improve their professional competencies, 30% of 
employees participated in 36 outsourced seminars and courses, and 50% of employees improved their competencies at 
Altum’s internal seminars. For the improvement and development of professional skills, employees were offered to participate 
in 29 different training activities (courses, seminars, training with tests, conferences), which were attended by 95% of 
employees, including 16 training activities for the development of leadership and management skills of department heads.

--- Page 209 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Other notes to the Annual Report 
 
118 
 
Corporate Governance Report 2021 (cont’d) 
In 2020, an annual competency-based job performance assessment system was introduced. An in-depth assessment of 
employees’ competencies was carried out in Altum’s regional customer service network, and individual employee 
development plans were created. An internal competency development model based on the employees’ mutual 
experience transfer/mentoring within Competency Teams has been successfully introduced.  
Altum’s remuneration policy provides for uniform and fair principles for all employees, based on the strategic goals and 
performance indicators, which promotes employee development and loyalty to the company. Altum has implemented a 
financial motivation system for employees, which ensures that employees are systematically evaluated and remunerated in 
accordance with the quality of work they do, initiative, work intensity, and contribution.  
Altum publishes information about the principles of remuneration policy alongside the fundamental principles of Altum’s code 
of ethics, which are available at www.altum.lv, under section ABOUT ALTUM, sub-section Personnel/Vacancies.  
Altum participates in the financial sector remuneration survey on a regular basis in order to ensure effective application of the 
remuneration policy, to balance the remuneration level with the remuneration level in the labour market, and to improve 
Altum’s competitiveness in the labour market.  
In the TOP Employer 2020 survey that the online recruitment company CV-Online Latvia carried out for the tenth year in a row 
in 2020, the title of TOP Employer in the financial sector was awarded to JSC Swedbank for the ninth consecutive year, while 
Altum was a newcomer to the Top 5. The TOP Employer survey traditionally identifies the best and most popular employers of 
the past year that employees would like to work for the most. In 2020, a record number of respondents, almost 15,000 people, 
took part in the survey. 
Altum strengthens the team spirit and maintains a positive work atmosphere through internal communication fostering 
cooperation and team-building activities, encouraging active involvement of employees in areas of common interest. Due 
to the restrictions on gatherings, no traditional events were organized for the company’s employees in 2020, but team-building 
and recreational events strengthening the team spirit were organized remotely in a virtual environment, and there were 
outdoor team-building events for different individual departments of Altum. 
Tidy, comfortable and aesthetic work environment and working conditions suited to the condition of each employee are 
important to Altum. Altum promotes employees’ awareness of occupational health and safety and preventive care for their 
health. Based on the opinions of employees, the work environment and technical equipment are constantly being improved 
with the aim of providing all workplaces with ergonomic equipment. In order to promote employee responsibility for the 
environment, Altum educates and informs employees about topics related to environmental protection and the company’s 
environmental goals.  
In 2020, Altum paid special attention to measures for safe and healthy work environment in connection with the spread of the 
Covid-19 virus. By taking timely and well-thought-out measures to limit the spread of the virus, including by providing 
teleworking opportunities, Altum has avoided an epidemic in the workplace and has been able to ensure uninterrupted and 
full-fledged work of the employees. Work organization at Altum and measures to prevent the spread of Covid-19 in the 
workplace are aimed at minimizing meetings between employees and third parties (both when travelling and meeting with 
customers or partners), providing for remote work opportunities, limiting in-person meetings, introducing distancing 
requirements and requirements for the use of respiratory protective equipment in the workplace, taking employees and 
visitors’ temperature, not allowing employees who have returned from countries with mandatory self-isolation requirement 
upon arrival, sick employees, contacts of sick persons and employees with any typical symptoms to come to work. 
Altum employees are provided with the necessary collective and individual protective equipment in their daily work, premises 
and workplaces are regularly disinfected. In order to support the emotional health and well-being of employees amidst the 
Covid-19 crisis, employees were offered educational online lectures on stress management and work-life balance. 
In 2020, there were no accidents at work at Altum and no occupational diseases were detected, as well as no complaints 
about occupational safety were received. 
Altum operates in full compliance with Latvia’s laws and regulations, which are in line with the UN standards on forced and 
child labour, and does not engage in forced or illegal child labour. The Ethical Code sets out the basic principles of fair 
treatment and prohibition of harassment, as well as provides the guidelines for the development of employment relationships 
between employees, the desired attitude and conduct, as well as the course of action in case of possible violations. In 2020, 
Altum received no complaints about forced or illegal child labour, harassment in the workplace, violations of employees’ 
human rights or other ethical issues.

--- Page 210 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Other notes to the Annual Report 
 
119 
 
Corporate Governance Report 2021 (cont’d) 
By organizing customer satisfaction surveys and evaluating the results thereof, the service availability process is improved every 
year. 
At the beginning of 2020, significant changes were made in the regional customer service structure, increasing the 
specialization of employees within different customer segments. These changes made it possible to increase the productivity 
of the existing staff twofold as crisis programmes were launched in March. 
The improved customer service process proved efficient in a particularly challenging time from March to May when demand 
for loans under the crisis support programmes increased significantly, while the strict quarantine restrictions made the 
traditional customer service far more complicated. Recognizing Altum’s important role in supporting entrepreneurship during 
the crisis, loan servicing under the Covid-19 support programme takes 5 days (from the moment an application is received to 
the moment a decision is taken), including weekends and public holidays. 
Efficient and successful customer service during the crisis greatly depends on the ability to serve customers remotely. Altum 
offers fully remote customer service from consulting and loan applications to making a decision.  
In promoting cooperation between science and business, youth involvement in research, quality of research and 
commercialization of innovative ideas, Altum cooperates with Latvian University of Life Sciences and Technologies, fostering 
the emergence and implementation of innovative agricultural solutions, and with BA School of Business and Finance to 
achieve more meaningful connection between studies and the development of the financial sector.  
Altum’s operations are very important for the country’s economic growth. That is why, by engaging in community support  
activities and supporting organizations, projects and programmes, Altum focuses on initiatives that encourage entrepreneurial 
activity, improve public well-being and foster environmental protection. Altum does not make donations, but supports 
projects, financially and with the help of volunteers, that help promote and foster entrepreneurship, innovation, education, 
meaningful use of the available state aid instruments, and other activities that promote Latvia’s economic growth.  
When considering engaging in specific community support activities, Altum’s decisions are based on the objectives, policies 
and values it has defined as a state-owned company, while involved in the implementation of support activities are Altum 
employees and the general public. The way of involvement and the amount of funding that Altum mobilizes for community 
support projects are determined by Altum’s operating strategy and budget, which is decided by the company’s 
Management Board and shareholders.  
Initiatives supported in 2020:  
Innovation, 
infrastructure 
5G Techritory 
Promoting the Baltic Sea Region countries’ cooperation in digital 
infrastructure 
Three Seas Initiative Investment 
Fund (3SIIF) 
Promoting a new financing initiative to support transport, energy 
and digital infrastructure projects in Central and Eastern Europe, 
contributing to the region’s economic development and quality 
infrastructure 
Investor of the Year 
Popularization of venture capital investments and their positive 
effect on the national economy of Latvia, highlighting the most 
successful private and corporate investment deals 
Techcill 
Fostering the development of the Baltic start-up ecosystem 
Development 
of 
business 
environment 
Employers and business support 
leaders’ think tanks Business Trends 
2020 
Promoting an exchange of views on matters important to the 
business environment by joining forces with partners – Latvian 
Employers’ Confederation and the European Commission 
Business experience days 
Promoting sharing of knowledge among entrepreneurs for 
successful business development in cooperation with partners – 
LCCI and Swedbank

--- Page 211 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Other notes to the Annual Report 
 
120 
 
Corporate Governance Report 2021 (cont’d) 
 
Seminar A Practical Guide to 
Taxation and Securing Financing 
for Newcomers to Business 
In order to reduce potential risks related to inadequate tax and 
financial planning, Altum in cooperation with the State Revenue 
Service 
Countryside Will Be! competition 
(Laukiem būt) 
Promotion of entrepreneurial activity in rural areas by involving 
young people, fostering the development of their competencies 
and involvement in rural entrepreneurship in cooperation with the 
Latvian Rural Advisory and Training Centre, while promoting a more 
balanced regional development in Latvia 
Effect 
upon 
environment, 
green 
thinking 
Living Warmer campaign and 
Most Energy Efficient Building in 
Latvia project 
Promoting energy-efficient practices in households and business 
environment, emphasizing both financial and environmental 
benefits thereof 
Forum What Happens After We Get 
Through Covid? Company Survival 
Kit for the Next 3 Years 
The forum is organized by the Ministry of Economics and Altum in 
cooperation with newspaper Dienas Bizness. Industry experts 
comment on a variety of practical solutions to improve energy 
efficiency and make business more effective. 
Education 
Higher education (Latvia University 
of Life Sciences and Technologies, 
BA School of Business and Finance) 
Promoting cooperation between science and business, youth 
involvement in research, commercialization of research quality 
and innovative ideas 
Discussion of BA School of Business 
and 
Finance 
graduates 
on 
challenges at a time of change in 
higher education 
A series of discussions about the development strategy and 
future objectives of BA School of Business and Finance, as well 
as improving and diversifying cooperation between BA School 
of Business and Finance and graduates. Participating in the 
discussions were the heads of BA School of Business and Finance 
and Altum, graduates, students and representatives of the 
Senate. 
Education 
Latvian student companies’ events 
#CitsBazārs 
Educating a new generation of entrepreneurs and industry 
experts by linking, in the learning process, theoretical 
knowledge with practice, through participation in the Junior 
Achievement Latvia programme Student Company (Skolēnu 
mācību uzņēmums - SMU) 
Public 
welfare, 
demography 
Social Entrepreneurship 
Association 
Promotion of the idea of social entrepreneurship so that Latvia 
would have increasingly more enterprises with a clear social 
purpose and positive social impact 
Competition And Grow It Will (Tam 
labam būs augt) 
The aim is to promote the development of the existing social 
enterprises and new social entrepreneurship ideas, as well as to tell 
about these ideas and show them to the people of Latvia. The 
competition is organized by the Social Entrepreneurship Association 
of Latvia in cooperation with the British Council in Latvia. The 
competition is supported by SEB Banka, Development Finance 
Institution Altum, newspaper Dienas Bizness and RISEBA Architecture 
and Media Centre H2O6. 
Think tank on remigration issues 
The objective of the think tank is to bring together the parties 
involved in the remigration process in order to jointly analyze the 
current situation and consider proposals on how to improve the 
remigration process. Promoting the availability of information on 
state support for starting a business by remigrants and support for 
housing purchases by residents returning to Latvia.

--- Page 212 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Other notes to the Annual Report 
 
121 
 
Corporate Governance Report 2021 (cont’d) 
 
Financial 
sector 
development 
Finance Latvia association 
Promotion of sustainable development of the financial sector by 
focusing, in cooperation with commercial banks, on the 
development of lending, personnel, communication, legal and 
other matters, and encouraging exchange of opinions and 
decision making in Latvia’s public interest; 
Export 
The Red Jackets 
Popularization of export-viable companies’ experience and 
excellence in promoting export culture and positive economic 
impact; 
Competition Export and Innovation 
Award 
Promotion of the production of new products with high export 
potential by popularizing the performance of Latvian companies 
and commending the manufacture of quality domestic products 
for the market, introduction of innovations and development of 
industrial design 
 
More information about Altum principles for implementation of public support activities and support projects is available on 
website www.altum.lv. 
 
In 2019 for the first time Altum applied for the Sustainability Index maintained by the Institute for Corporate 
Sustainability and Responsibility and scored Silver Category, while already in 2020, Altum significantly improved 
its positions, scoring Gold Category. The Sustainability Index is a strategic management tool that helps 
companies assess their performance in five key areas: strategic planning, market relations, work environment, 
environment and local community. The assessment methodology has been developed by experts from the 
Institute for Corporate Sustainability and Responsibility, and the criteria are based on international experience and principles 
so as to provide an objective view of companies’ approach to risk and process management. Further information about the 
leading experts in each assessment category is available on the website of the Institute for Corporate Sustainability and 
Responsibility, www.incsr.eu/par-mums/eksperti. 
 
 
 
73%
91.8%
82.4%
49.7%
85.5%
94.25%
95.2%
83.1%
83.55%
97%
0%
10%
20%
30%
40%
50%
60%
70%
80%
90%
100%
STRATĒĢIJA
TIRGUS
ATTIECĪBAS
DARBA VIDE
VIDE
SABIEDRĪBA
Altum performance in five corporate responsibility and sustainability 
areas
2019
2020

--- Page 213 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Other notes to the Annual Report 
 
122 
 
 
Corporate Governance Report 2021 (cont’d) 
 
Corporate Governance Report 2020 is publicly available at Altum’s premises at 4 Dome Square, Riga and in electronic form – 
on the website www.altum.lv, in INVESTORS section under FINANCIAL INFORMATION sub-section.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Reinis Bērziņš  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Chairman of the Board 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
31 March 2021

--- Page 214 ---
JSC DEVELOPMENT FINANCE INSTITUTION ALTUM 
 
 
 
 
Consolidated and Separate Annual Report  
for the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
 
 
 
(the 6th reporting period)

--- Page 215 ---
1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page  
 
 
Altum Group 
2 
 
Management Report 
3 - 10 
 
Supervisory Council and Management Board 
11 
 
Statement of Management’s Responsibility 
12 
 
 
Financial statements: 
 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
13 
 
Statement of Financial Position 
14  
 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
15 
 
Company’s Statement of Changes in Equity 
16 
 
Statement of Cash Flows 
17 
 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
18 - 88 
 
 
Independent Auditors’ Report 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  89 - 95 
 
Other Notes to the Annual Report 
96 - 105 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AS Attīstības finanšu institūcija Altum 
Doma laukums 4, Riga, LV-1050, Latvia 
Phone: 
+ 371 67774010 
Fax: 
+ 371 67820143 
Registration No: 
50103744891 
www.altum.lv

--- Page 216 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum  
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2019  
 
2 
Altum Group 
MISSION 
We help Latvia grow!  
VISION  
To be a partner and financial expert in economic development  
VALUES 
Excellence / Team / Responsibility 
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum - a parent company of Altum Group is a financial institution owned by the state 
of Latvia that implements the aid and development programmes by means of financial instruments and grants, pursues the 
state’s policy in the national economy and provides for execution of other government assignments stipulated and delegated 
by laws and regulations. Closing of market gaps by the help of various support instruments that enhance development of the 
national economy is the fundamental purpose of Altum’s activities. 
 
Long-term objectives until 2021 
Following strategic development directions and long-term objectives are set in the approved JSC Development Finance 
Institution Altum Strategy for the period 2019 – 2021:
▪ Major financial objective in implementation of the state 
aid programmes – positive return on Altum’s capital.  
▪ Major non-financial objective is to support and promote 
availability of finances to the business and development 
of the national economy.  
▪ Priority directions of Altum are: issuing of guarantees and 
their 
servicing, 
venture 
capital 
investments, 
implementation of energy efficiency programmes with 
regard to both – heat insulation of multi-apartment  
▪ buildings and corporate segment, development of the 
Latvian Land Fund as well as initiation of new projects by 
expanding the range of the financial instruments 
offered.  
▪ Main target segments: support to entrepreneurs; energy 
efficiency; support to farmers; support to specific 
categories of persons; management of the Latvian Land 
Fund.

--- Page 217 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2019  
 
3 
 
Management Report 
Activity during the reporting period 
In 2019, the Development Finance Institution Altum group (hereinafter – the Group) and the Group’s parent company, the 
joint-stock company Development Finance Institution Altum (hereinafter – the Company), earned a profit of EUR 8.1 million.  
Key financial and performance indicators of the Group 
 
2019 
(audited) 
2018 
(audited) 
2017  
(restated*) 
Key financial data 
 
 
 
Net interest income (EUR ’000) ** 
11 569  
11 302 ** 
11 602 * 
Profit for the period (EUR ’000) 
8 131  
4 092  
8 709 * 
Cost to income ratio (CIR) *** 
52.6% 
74.8% *** 
50.3% * 
Employees  
203  
222  
230  
Total assets (EUR ’000) 
560 061  
495 939  
453 668 * 
Tangible common equity (TCE)/total tangible managed assets (TMA) **** 
29.4% 
31.7% 
35.1% * 
Equity and reserves (EUR ’000) 
232 738  
221 590  
222 848 * 
Total risk coverage: (EUR ’000) 
87 456  
77 815  
67 593 * 
Risk coverage reserve  
99 778  
85 276  
62 651 * 
Risk coverage reserve used for provisions 
(27 829) 
(19 268) 
(4 753) 
Portfolio loss reserve (specific reserve capital) 
15 507  
11 807  
9 695  
Liquidity ratio for 180 days ***** 
582% 
227% 
482% * 
Financial instruments (gross value) 
 
 
 
Outstanding (EUR ’000) (by financial instrument) 
 
 
 
Loans 
240 412  
217 131  
207 585  
Guarantees 
284 232  
236 895  
182 376  
Venture capital funds 
68 331  
59 698  
62 299  
Total 
592 975  
513 724  
452 260  
Number of contracts 
22 022  
18 280  
14 402  
Volumes issued in the period (EUR ’000) (by financial instrument) 
 
 
 
Loans  
71 559  
66 443  
51 869  
Guarantees 
98 240  
88 765  
68 615  
Venture capital funds 
9 022  
4 149  
2 638  
Total 
178 821  
159 357  
123 122  
Number of contracts 
5 466  
5 464  
4 697  
Total contribution to economy, including the participation of the final recipients, by 
volumes issued in the period (EUR ’000) 
531 661  
460 045  
370 560  
Leverage for raised private funding 
142% 
162% 
185% 
Volume of support programmes funding per employee (tEUR ‘000) 
2 915  
2 314  
1 966  
Long-term rating assigned by Moody's Investors Service 
Baa1  
Baa1  
Baa1  
 
* Due to the change of accounting policy on investments in venture capital funds and adoption of IFRS 9 requirements that affect the 
accounting of public funding risk coverage the comparatives for 2017 have been restated. 
** Due to reclassification of fees and commission related to lending activities following the industry practise, excludes fees and commission not 
related to lending activities, the comparatives for 2018 have been reclassified with subsequent ratio recalculation. 
*** Due to reclassification of staff and administrative costs to be compensated as well as respective income on compensation, the comparatives 
for 2018 have been reclassified with subsequent ratio recalculation. 
**** TMA, taking into account the net outstanding guarantees recorded in the off-balance sheet. 
***** Liquidity ratio calculation takes into account the previous experience and management estimate of expected amount and timing of 
guarantees claims. 
The figures are explained in the section “Key Financial and Performance Indicators” under Other Notes to the Group’s Financial 
Statements. 
Financial instrument portfolio  
As at 31 December 2019, the Group held a (gross) portfolio of financial instruments at a total value of EUR 593 million issued 
for 22,022 projects under the support programmes.  
In 2019, the portfolio of the Group’s financial instruments increased by 15.4% (EUR 79.3 million) in terms of volume and by 20.5% 
in terms of the number of projects (by 3,742 projects).

--- Page 218 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2019  
 
4 
 
Management Report (cont’d) 
Among the financial instruments, the guarantee portfolio had the most rapid growth in 2019 increasing by 20% in terms of 
volume (+EUR 47.3 million) and by 31% in terms of the number of transactions, while the venture capital funds increased by 
14.5% (+EUR 8.6 million) in terms of volume and by 17% in terms of the number of transactions. The loan portfolio increased by 
10.7% (+EUR 23.3 million) in terms of volume and by 0.26% in terms of the number of transactions. 
In 2019, the greatest increase in the guarantee portfolio was mainly because of credit guarantees to enterprises (+EUR 23.1 
million), Housing Guarantees for Families with Children (+EUR 18.2 million), Guarantee Programme for Improvement of Energy 
Efficiency of Multi-apartment Buildings (EEPMB) (+EUR 10.4 million) as well as SME Portfolio Guarantee Programme (+EUR 8.9 
million) and Housing Guarantees for Young Professionals (+EUR 6.4 million). 
In 2019, the greatest growth of the loan portfolio was ensured by the following: land leaseback transactions (+EUR 7.9 million), 
loans for acquisition of agricultural land intended for agricultural production (+EUR 7.9 million), SME growth loans (+EUR 7.3 
million) and SME growth loans for the company’s energy efficiency and renewable (+EUR 6.2 million), which are funded by 
green bonds. 
 
Group 31/12/2019 
The portfolio of the Group’s financial instruments is broken down as follows: the largest segment is that of SMEs and Midcaps – 
41.9%, Individuals – accounts for 23.9%, the segment of Agriculture – 22.6% and Financial Intermediaries – 11.6%.  
In 2019, the volume of the financial instrument portfolio increased in all segments – Individuals +30.5% (+EUR 33.1 million), SMEs 
and Midcaps +13.4% (+EUR 29.3 million), Agriculture + 6.7% (+EUR 8.4 million) and Financial Intermediaries +13.9% (+EUR 8.4 
million). 
As at 31 December 2019, manufacturing (16%), trade (8%) and construction (6%) sectors constituted the biggest proportion in 
the SME and Midcap segment. 
 
Group 31/12/2019 
Loans
240
Guarantees
284
VC
68
Portfolio by financial instruments,
MEUR
241
number of 
contracts 
6 166
15 615
57
74
109
142
103
109
126
134
201
204
219
248
62
56
61
69
0
100
200
300
400
500
600
700
2016
2017
2018
2019
MEUR
Portfolio by client segments
Financial
intermediaries
SME and Midcap
Agriculture
Individuals
Agriculture
23%
Financial 
intermediaries
12%
Individuals
24%
Manufacturing
16%
Trade
8%
Construction
6%
Other industries
11%
MVU and 
MidCap
42%
Financial instrument portfolio by industry

--- Page 219 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2019  
 
5 
 
Management Report (cont’d) 
As at 31 December 2019, the balance sheet of the Land Fund administered by the Group listed 668 properties with a total 
land area of 13,413 ha worth EUR 38 million, which is by 239 properties more compared to the end of 2018. As at 31 December 
2019, the investment properties rented to farmers constituted a total land area of 7,996 ha worth EUR 23.4 million (31 December 
2018: 5,633 ha, EUR 14.8 million), but the sales and leaseback transactions accounted for in the loan portfolio showed a total 
land area of 5,404 ha worth EUR 14.8 million (31 December 2018: 2,185 ha, EUR 6.92 million). 
Non-financial instrument portfolio 
In order to make accessing to the support instruments more convenient for its clients, apart from the financial instruments, the 
Group services some grant programmes as well, namely, the grants issued under the Energy Efficiency Programme for Multi-
apartment Buildings (EEPMB), Social Entrepreneurship Programme and European Local Energy Assistance (ELENA). 
Implementing the EEPMB programme, by 31 December 2019 a total of 255 grants were awarded for EUR 53.4 million, of which 
12 grants for EUR 2.8 million in 4Q. It should be noted that successful progress of the EEPMB programme requires direct 
involvement of people and, consequently, their awareness of renovation solutions, investments and benefits. Therefore, 
communication with inhabitants, their authorised persons and other stakeholders was one of the core factors of the 
programme implementation. Within less than four years, namely, a year before the scheduled deadline, because of targeted 
communication focused on authorised persons, applications for renovation projects reached the number required for 
implementing the programme. In January 2020, Altum stopped accepting new applications passing to next stages of the 
programme, including evaluation of the submitted projects, awarding of grants; and carrying out renovation to ensure that 
all works are completed by 30 June 2023. 
 
Group 31/12/2019 
As at 31 December 2019, a total of 65 grants for EUR 4.2 million were awarded within the Social Entrepreneurship Programme. 
In order to promote and support planning of the energy efficiency projects, Altum, acting in co-operation with the EIB, provides 
a supplementary grant as support to the energy efficiency loans issued to the companies; the support grant is earmarked to 
cover the costs related to expertise and drafting of energy efficiency projects. The first grants to the companies under the 
ELENA programme were awarded and disbursed in May 2019. 
Volume of new transactions 
In 2019, the total funding disbursed for the implementation of the state aid programmes amounted to EUR 178.8 million, of 
which 54.9% (EUR 98.2 million) in guarantee programmes, 40% (EUR 71.6 million) in loan programmes and 5.1% (EUR 9 million) 
in investments of the venture capital funds. In total, 5,466 projects were supported. Compared to the same period last year, 
the volume of the new transactions was larger by 12.2% (EUR 19.5 million) in 2019.  
In 2019, the largest volume of new transactions was recorded in the segment of SMEs and Midcaps – 52.6%; in the other 
segments: Individuals – 24.7%, Agriculture – 17.6%, Financial Intermediaries – 5.1%. 
Compared to the twelve months of 2018, the volume of new transactions in the SME and Midcap segment has grown by 13% 
(+EUR 10.9 million), Individuals – by 12.6% (+EUR 5 million) and Financial Intermediaries – by EUR 4.9 million more new 
transactions, while the segment of Agriculture demonstrates a 3.7% (-EUR 1.2 million) decrease, which can be explained by 
the impact of favourable weather conditions in 2019 on the agricultural sector. 
 
25
25
4
13
5
3
0
5
10
15
20
25
30
2018
12 months
2019
12 months
IQ
II Q
III Q
IV Q
2019
128
89
43
22
mln
Granted EEPMB grants, MEUR 
number of projects
43
12
12
12
12
2.02
1.45
0.27
0.42
0.53
0.24
0.0
0.5
1.0
1.5
2.0
2.5
2018
12 months
2019
12 months
IQ
II Q
III Q
IV Q
2019
34
22
6
7
mln
Granted Social Enterpreneurship Programme grants, MEUR 
number of projects
9
6
28
6
6
7

--- Page 220 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2019  
 
6 
 
Management Report (cont’d) 
In 2019, the number of new loans issued amounted to EUR 71.6 million, which is by 7.7% more than in the year 2018. The largest 
increase came from loans issued to companies for implementing energy efficiency projects and to energy service companies 
(ESCO) operating in the business segment. The said loans are financed by funds raised by green bonds. In 2019 the loan 
volume was EUR 6.7 million, which by EUR 5 million exceeded that of 2018. The largest volume of loans in 2019 is in the energy 
efficiency segment, which dominates strongly in terms of number of projects and funding volume for transactions in renewable 
energy, sustainable transport and green building segments, where first loans were granted in 2019 and a number of project 
applications were received. 
Energy efficiency investment projects are being implemented not only by companies but also in the municipal sector, where 
solutions for heating systems are mainly implemented. Several ESCO projects in the field of lighting and technology should also 
be highlighted as well. It should be noted that the good results are due to the explanatory work carried out, yielding a 
changing attitude of Latvian companies in favour of green and sustainable investments, considering not only gains these 
investments bring to the mitigation of climate change but also to immediate financial benefits of the company by decreased 
consumption of energy resources and maintenance costs. 
 
Group 31/12/2019 
The average volume of new loan transactions increased from EUR 54.8 thousand in 2018 to EUR 63.6 thousand in 2019 mostly 
due to the increase of the average transaction amount of new loans under the SME Growth Loans Programme from EUR 94 
thousand in 2018 to EUR 108.3 thousand in 2019. Another factor was introducing the centralised procedure of reviewing 
applications for micro loans, thus increasing the capacity of employees in the regional centres for dealing with large projects. 
Having launched the European Investment Fund (EIF) COSME and EaSI counter guarantees for loans up to EUR 25 thousand 
Altum has already supported 211 projects (COSME – 51 projects, EaSI – 160 projects) of which 122 projects were supported in 
2019. If the loan is compatible with COSME or EaSI guarantee terms and conditions, the start-up and micro loans, working 
capital loans to farmers or small loans in rural areas are granted without an additional collateral, based only upon a personal 
guarantee and at a lower interest rate compared to other types of unsecured loans.  
In 2019, there were issued new guarantees for EUR 98.2 million or by 10.7% more than in 2018. Most of the increase was because 
of the Portfolio Guarantee Programme launched in 2H 2018, whose volume of new transactions reached EUR 9.7 million in 
2019. Due to the minimised transaction review procedure applicable to standard profile clients, the overall procedure for 
granting funds to customers is much faster as well as more convenient for the commercial bank itself. Thus, the portfolio 
guarantee instrument has proved itself as a successful product for funding just small and medium enterprises where the 
transaction amounts are relatively small. Optimal use of the commercial bank’s capacity may ensure that these enterprises 
receive the required funding from the commercial bank up to EUR 250 thousand (investment loans, working capital loans, 
leases), which previously, in fact, was impossible, applying individual guarantees. In 2019, if compared to 2018, a sizeable 
increase in the volume of new transactions was also demonstrated by the Business Support Guarantees (+EUR 2.8 million) and 
guarantees under the EEPMB programme (+EUR 1.8 million). 
As at 31 December 2019, as part of the Housing Guarantee Programme for Families with Children a total of 13,072 guarantees 
for EUR 94.9 million of the state aid for housing acquisition were granted. In 2019, guarantees issued under this programme 
totalled EUR 23.2 million, a 3% increase against the 2018. The programme’s guarantees that help saving for the first instalment 
required to obtain a mortgage loan are used by families throughout Latvia: of the total number of the issued guarantees 79% 
were granted in Riga and its conurbations, 8% - in Kurzeme region, 7% - in Zemgale region, 4% - in Vidzeme region and 2% - in 
Latgale region. From March 2018, when the Programme was expanded to include young professionals, up to 31 December  
 
Loans
72
Guarantees
98
VC
9
Volumes by finacial instruments, 
MEUR
number of new 
transactions
1 125
4 291
50
39
44
33
31
83
94
4
9
 -
 20
 40
 60
 80
 100
 120
 140
 160
 180
 200
2018
2019
Portfolio by client segment, MEUR
(new issued transactions)
Financial
intermediaries
SME and Midcap
Agriculture
Individuals

--- Page 221 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2019  
 
7 
 
Management Report (cont’d) 
2019, a total of 1,786 guarantees worth EUR 12.8 million were issued to young professionals of which 941 housing guarantees 
worth EUR 6.8 million were issued to young professionals in 2019. 
In 2019, the 4th generation venture capital funds reached stability, namely, a seed venture capital fund, a start-up venture 
capital fund and two growth-stage venture capital funds were operational. All these funds have raised private investments 
for carrying out active investing activities. In 2019, the investments made by the funds amounted to EUR 7.25 million of which 
the share of Altum’s public funding totalled EUR 5.3 million. Investments made within the framework of the Baltic Innovation 
Funds amounted to EUR 3.7 million of which EUR 0.25 million were invested under the Baltic Innovation Fund 2, which is Altum’s 
first investment in this Fund. 
The Baltic Innovation Fund 2 is managed by the EIF. Its total capital is EUR 156 million contributed by the following institutions: 
16.7% by each of the development finance institutions of the Baltic countries and 50% - by the EIF. In 2019, the acceleration 
pre-seed funds made 40 investments amounting to EUR 1.3 million, while the acceleration seed funds made 3 investments 
amounting to EUR 0.27 million. 
In 2019, compared to 2018, the activities of the Land Fund gained momentum. The Fund effected land acquisition transactions 
for EUR 9.1 million, which is by EUR 5.2 million more than in 2018, and concluded leaseback transactions for EUR 7.2 million. 
New products and increasing operational efficiency  
In December 2019, Altum signed a loan agreement with the EIB for EUR 18 million for funding sustainable climate change 
mitigation projects. In addition to funds raised by green bonds, this funding will allow for offering loans to enterprises and ESCO 
with a considerably longer maturity up to 15 years aligning it with the investment project payback period. This loan agreement 
is supported by the EIB guarantee agreement regarding the loans issued by Altum thus making Altum’s funding with a lower 
interest rate and less collateral sustainable for implementation of projects on climate change mitigation, including energy 
efficiency. 
To support the achievement of the strategic goals of Altum regarding the development of the guarantee instrument, at the 
beginning of 2019, the products of credit guarantees for enterprises and farmers were considerably improved making them 
even more accessible to business community. 
To simplify the implementation of the Agricultural Credit Guarantee Programme, new Cabinet regulations were approved in 
January 2019. They provide a considerable improvement regarding farmers’ access to finance, namely, the guarantee 
amount up to 80% (previously from 50% to 80%) and the total maximum amount of a guarantee of EUR 1 million (previously 
from EUR 43 thousand to 712 thousand). Guarantees were also established for all the products of commercial banks – not only 
for loans but also for finance leases, factoring, bank guarantee limits or letters of credit. These Cabinet regulations reduced 
the administrative burden on transactions for both the borrower and the commercial bank thus speeding up the guarantee 
issuing process. 
Since April 2019, with coming into effect of the amendments to the Cabinet regulations regarding credit guarantees to 
economic operators, the maximum guarantee amount has been increased from EUR 3 million to EUR 5 million, which was also 
highlighted as one of the goals in Altum’s strategy. The scope of guarantees has been expanded considerably, too, – now 
Altum may issue guarantees for loans for acquisition of shares. 
In its turn, since April 2019, the amount of parallel loan for all applicants has been established up to 45% (previously from 35%-
45%) of the total eligible expenditure of the project. It is also possible to provide a parallel loan together with a financial service 
delivered by an international financial institution, previously – only if coupled with services of a Latvian commercial bank. 
Regarding working capital loans offered by Altum to farmers in view of the amendments to the Cabinet regulations of 
December 2019, the range of beneficiaries has been by widened, including companies operating in the fishery and 
aquaculture sectors. 
In 2019, the Cabinet approved several amendments to the terms and conditions of the EEPMB programme. Since February, 
according to the changes in this Programme, the maximum amount of the grant has been increased from 35% to 50% for the 
bodies implementing EEPMB projects provided they are executed with the help of Altum’s loan. In view of the amendments 
to the Cabinet regulations of December 2019, ESCOs may ensure full implementation of a complex energy efficiency 
improvement project as well as carrying it out at a higher quality. This is due to the changes in the procurement regulation for 
ESCOs as to the selection of construction companies, namely, enabling them to select the best applicant for rendering 
construction services.

--- Page 222 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2019  
 
8 
 
Management Report (cont’d) 
Since spring 2019, Altum has acted as a national contact point (hub) of the Juncker Plan. Altum develops and strengthens 
the investment consulting services provided under the Juncker Plan in Latvia assisting developers of large investment projects 
in preparing higher quality project applications for the EIB. In 2019, Altum provided consultative support to several investment 
projects for a total amount of EUR 230 million making them eligible for co-funding by the EIB. It should be noted that grants up 
to 75% of the expenses for preparation of the project application (business plan, financial outlook and other expenses for 
outsourced project preparation services) are available to the developers of such projects. 
In spring 2019, Citadele and SEB  enlarged the existing range of credit institutions – Swedbank, Unicredit Leasing and Luminor 
– where Altum’s portfolio guarantees are available for the banking products, further increase in the volume of portfolio 
guarantees and availability of banking products to SME transactions up to EUR 250 thousand are expected. 
In 2H 2019, the Cabinet approved conceptually a new lending model for study and student loans. Under the new model, 
Altum will act in the capacity of a guarantor offering guarantees in the form of a portfolio guarantee instrument. At present, 
preparing is under way to ensure that housing guarantees, in 2019 reaching 2,904 (amounting to EUR 23.2 million), could be 
issued as a portfolio guarantee instrument already in 2020. Accordingly, in standard profile beneficiary transactions, Altum 
employees would no more be involved in reviewing individual transactions and the overall loan issuance procedure would 
be speeded up. 
In 2019, proceeding with the centralised reviewing of the applications for micro loans (up to EUR 25 thousand) introduced 
within the framework of increasing and automation of Altum’s operational efficiency, 35% of the total number of the granted 
loans were reviewed remotely, without involving the employees of the regional centres in the process of reviewing of the 
applications. This in its turn has sharply reduced the timeframe necessary for making decision on allocation of funding as well 
as increased the capacity of the employees of regional centres in terms of reviewing large projects. The granted amount 
under the centralised remote reviewing of applications and in regional centres increased by 17% or EUR 7.7 million, but the 
number of granted loans decreased by 7%. The average amount granted in regional centres increased from EUR 40 thousand 
in 2018 to EUR 71.4 thousand in 2019. 
Although in 2019 the average number of employees decreased by 8.6% against the year 2018, the total amount of new loans 
issued in the reporting period compared with the year 2018 increased by 7.8%. As at 31 December 2019, the portfolio of the 
financial instruments issued by Altum within the framework of the state aid programmes reached EUR 2.9 million per employee 
and the amount of newly issued financial instruments per employee amounted to EUR 881 thousand (in 2018: EUR 2.3 million 
and EUR 717.8 thousand respectively per employee). 
This year for the first time Altum applied for the Sustainability Index organised by the Institute for Corporate Sustainability and 
Responsibility, and scored Platinum Category accordingly. This is acknowledgement of the invisible daily performance of 
companies to become responsible earners, i.e., able to compete in the new business environment successfully. Every 
participating company acquires a social dimension, too, as there meet the interests of the shareholder, employee, client, 
environment, business partners and third parties. Balancing of these interests is a pre-condition for sustainable operation and 
financiers play and will play an immensely important role there. 
Long-term Funding  
On 29 May 2019, in order to maintain long-term participation in the capital markets and diversify the funding base, the 
Company issued transferrable debt securities for a total sum of EUR 15 million as the first series of bonds within the framework 
of a EUR 70 million bond issue programme, the yield to maturity 0.95%. The transaction attracted a great deal of interest from 
investors in Latvia, Lithuania and Estonia and the bonds were oversubscribed 13 times, thus ensuring Altum good terms for 
resource attraction. The bonds were allocated to 20 investors in the Baltics, namely, 5 banks (18%) and 15 asset managers and 
insurance companies (82%). The maturity date of these bonds is 7 March 2025. ALTUM will use the proceeds from the bonds 
for funding sustainable agriculture business projects that are vital for national economy. At present, the value of the bonds 
listed on Nasdaq Riga is EUR 45 million. 
In January 2019 Altum received Nasdaq Baltic Awards 2019 prize in the nomination ‘Latvian Stock Exchange Event of the 
Year’. 
Rating  
On 25 March 2019 Moody’s Investors Service (Moody’s) confirmed Altum’s (the parent company of the Group) Baa1 long-
term issuer rating. The baseline credit assessment (BCA) was upgraded to baa3 from ba2. The short-term issuer rating was 
affirmed at P-2. The outlook on the long-term issuer rating is stable. This action concludes the Moody’s review for upgrade 
initiated on 12 December 2018 following the introduction of an updated Moody’s finance companies methodology on 10 
December 2018.

--- Page 223 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2019  
 
9 
 
Management Report (cont’d) 
Moody’s initially assigned to Altum a long-term issuer rating Baa1 in June 2017. The Baa1 rating that Moody’s assigned to Altum 
is one of the highest issuer ratings assigned to a corporate entity in Latvia. Altum baseline credit assessment upgrade from ba2 
to investment grade rating baa3, as follows from the Moody’s assessment: “The strong financial profile of Altum with a very 
high capitalization level, large risk coverage margin incorporated in the public funding as well as reinvestment of the funding 
in implementation of new financial instruments products against moderate profitability and level of problem loans, as 
stipulated by Altum business specifics; and the unique standing of Altum in Latvia’s financial services industry reflecting its 
policy mandate to provide a distribution channel for state and EU program funds to both end-customers (business start-ups, 
small and medium enterprises, farmers, etc.) and other financial institutions.”. 
The assigned rating makes it possible for the Group to implement more successfully the Group’s long-term strategy for raising 
the funding by being a regular participant in the capital market and issuing of notes.  
Risk Management  
In order to have an adequate risk management, the Group has developed the Risk Management System that provides both 
preventive risk management and timely implementation of risk mitigation or prevention measures. While assuming risks, the 
Group retains the long-term capability of implementing the established operational targets and assignments. 
To manage risks, the Group applies various risk management methods and instruments as well as establishes risk limits and 
restrictions. The choice of the risk management methods is based on the materiality of the particular risk and its impact on the 
Group’s operations. 
In view of the Group’s activities in high-risk areas when implementing the State aid programmes, the Group has created the 
risk coverage of EUR 87.5 million (as at 31 December 2019) which is available to cover the expected credit loss of the State 
aid programmes. The expected loss is assessed before implementing the respective aid programme and a portion of the 
public funding received within the respective State aid programme for coverage of the expected credit loss is allocated to 
the risk coverage. The latter consists of the sum total of the risk coverage reserve and portfolio loss reserve (special reserve 
capital) less the risk coverage reserve used for provisions. 
Since 2018, Altum has introduced a centralised client compliance assessment as stipulated by the Law on Prevention of Money 
Laundering and Terrorist and Proliferation Financing (AML/CFT Law) and the Law on International Sanctions and National 
Sanctions of the Republic of Latvia. At the beginning of 2019, the assessment procedure was automated. In February 2019, 
Altum launched a scoring system for customer compliance with the AML/CFT Law. According to the scoring system, a ML/FT 
risk score is assigned to each customer who applies for a loan, grant or export credit guarantee instrument as well as each 
investee under venture capital instruments. 
Future Outlook  
In order to ensure that Altum has direct access to the funds available under the InvestEU Programme 2021–2027, in addition 
to the already available EU funds, in 2019 the required steps for Pillar Assessment of Altum were taken. Its first stage includes 
Altum’s self-assessment regarding the compliance of its internal control system, accounting system, internal and external 
procedures with the requirements set by the European Commission. This self-assessment is subject to valuation performed by 
the audit firm KPMG selected by the European Commission within the framework of the EC technical assistance project. At 
first, a mock assessment is carried out, followed by the real compliance assessment of Altum’s activities. 
In 2020, the new lending model for study and student loans is expected to be introduced in Latvia to ensure the availability of 
funding for the academic year 2020/2021. The major advantage of the new lending model is revoking the requirement for 
another guarantor and simplification of some procedures (digitalisation of the services, remote conclusion of agreements 
using e-signature); it would provide for receiving a loan within the shortest time possible. Neither the choice of the bank for 
granting a loan will be restricted, i.e., several credit institutions might qualify for issuing loans. Considering that in the new 
lending model Altum will offer the portfolio guarantee instrument, active digitalisation of the guarantee procedure takes 
place. 
The existence of novel coronavirus (Covid-19) was confirmed in early 2020 and by now it has spread across the world, including 
Latvia, causing disruptions to businesses and economic activity. 
As delegated by the government, the Group / Company has engaged actively on an ad hoc basis in mitigation of the 
adverse impact that Covid-19 exerts on the businesses in Latvia by drafting, in co-operation with the Ministry of Economics, 
two new state aid financial instruments to be implemented by the Group / Company for SMEs and Midcap in Latvia. On 19 
March 2020, having convened for an extraordinary meeting, with follow-up on 24 March 2020, the Cabinet of Ministers 
approved the regulations of the new financial instruments. Both financial instruments became effective as of 25 March 2020 
being already co-ordinated with the European Commission.

--- Page 224 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2019  
 
10 
 
Management Report (cont’d) 
Entrepreneurs encountering situation-based difficulties with execution of the obligations undertaken at the credit institutions 
will be offered credit guarantees, both long-term and short-term, up to 50% of the outstanding loan balance. These credit 
guarantees will allow SMEs and Midcap (i) to defer repayment of principal for up to two years for investment loans, financial 
lease and working capital loans, (ii) to prolong the repayment term of overdrafts as well as working capital loans, (iii) to raise 
new working capital loans and increase overdraft limits with banks  as well as to (iv) have additional security for financial 
liabilities. The national budget funding of 50 million euro is available for implementation of the financial instrument that will 
make it possible for the Group / Company to issue 240 million euro guarantees for banks to restructure loans for the sum up to 
total of 715 million euro. The credit guarantees are structured in both formats – individual guarantees and portfolio guarantees 
ensuring fast and efficient solution irrespective the size of the company. 
Meanwhile the companies struggling with substantial decrease in operations and therefore in need of liquidity support will be 
offered working capital loans by the Group / Company in amount of EUR 200 million. The national budget contributing 50 
million euro and loans from the Treasury and international financial institutions - 150 million euro form the total funding of this 
programme. 
At the same time, acting responsibly to the health of employees and customers and following the recommendations of the 
responsible authorities for actions to help reduce the risk of spreading the virus, the Group’s / Company’s Customer Service 
Centres have been closed for face-to-face visits as of 13 March. The Group / Company continues to provide all services 
remotely through the client portal mans.altum.lv, as well as telephone and video consultations. 
The management of the Group / Company considers this outbreak to be a non-adjusting post balance sheet event. As the 
situation is uncertain and rapidly evolving, we do not consider it practicable to provide a quantitative estimate of the potential 
impact of this outbreak on the Company or the Group. 
 
 
 
 
Reinis Bērziņš 
Chairman of the Board 
 
31 March 2020

--- Page 225 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2019  
 
11 
 
Supervisory Council and Management Board  
Supervisory Council 
Name, Surname 
Position 
Appointment Date 
Date of expiry of the term of 
the mandate 
Līga Kļaviņa 
Chairperson of the Council 
29.12.2016. 
28.12.2022. 
Jānis Šnore  
Member of the Council 
29.12.2016. 
28.12.2022. 
Kristaps Soms 
Member of the Council 
29.12.2016. 
28.12.2022. 
There were no changes in the Supervisory Council of the Company during the reporting period. 
 
Management Board 
On 11 June 2018, four members of Company’s Board were re-elected. 
 
Name, Surname 
Position 
Appointment Date 
Date of expiry of the term of 
the mandate 
Reinis Bērziņš 
Chairman of the Board 
11.06.2018. 
10.06.2021. 
Jēkabs Krieviņš 
Member of the Board 
11.06.2018. 
10.06.2021. 
Juris Vaskāns 
Member of the Board 
11.06.2018. 
11.06.2018. - 28.11.2019. 
Inese Zīle 
Member of the Board 
11.06.2018. 
10.06.2021. 
Aleksandrs Bimbirulis 
Member of the Board 
07.07.2017. 
06.07.2020. 
 
In 2019, there are changes in the Management Board. Juris Vaskāns has resigned from the Management Board as at 28 
November 2019.

--- Page 226 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2019  
 
12 
 
Statement of Management’s responsibility  
 
Riga 
31 March 2020  
 
The Supervisory Council and the Management Board (hereinafter – Management) of the joint stock company Development 
Finance Institution Altum (hereinafter - Company) are responsible for preparation of the financial statements of the Company 
as well as for preparation of the consolidated financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries (hereinafter – Group) 
and information disclosed in the Other notes to Annual Report. 
The financial statements and notes thereto set out on pages 13 to 87 are prepared in accordance with the source documents 
and present truly and fairly the financial position of the Company and the Group as at 31 December 2019 and 2018, and the 
results of their operations, changes in the shareholders’ equity and cash flows for the years then ended. 
The aforementioned financial statements are prepared on a going concern basis in conformity with International Financial 
Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. Prudent and reasonable judgements and estimates have been 
made by the Management in the preparation of the financial statements. 
The Management are responsible for maintenance of proper accounting records, safeguarding of the Group’s assets, and 
prevention and detection of fraud and other irregularities in the Group. The Management are also responsible for operating 
the Group and the Company in compliance with the Law of the Republic of Latvia on Development Finance Institution and 
other laws of the Republic of Latvia as well as European Union Regulations applicable to the Company. 
 
 
 
Reinis Bērziņš 
Chairman of the Board

--- Page 227 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2019  
 
13 
 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Notes 
Group 
Group 
  Company 
Company 
 
 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2018.-
31.12.2018. * 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2018.-
31.12.2018. * 
Interest income 
4. 
 13 344  
 12 450  
 13 344  
 12 450  
Out of this income at effective interest rate 
 
 13 344  
 12 450  
 13 344  
 12 450  
Interest expense 
5. 
 (1 775) 
 (1 148) 
 (1 775) 
 (1 148) 
Net interest income 
  
 11 569  
 11 302  
 11 569  
 11 302  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Income for implementation of state aid programmes 
6. 
 6 165  
 3 337  
 6 165  
 3 337  
Expenses to be compensated for implementation of state aid 
programmes 
7. 
 (5 584) 
 (3 391) 
 (5 584) 
 (3 391) 
Net income for implementation of state aid programmes 
  
 581  
 (54) 
 581  
 (54) 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Gains from debt securities and foreign exchange translation 
8. 
 90  
 122  
 90  
 122  
Share of (losses) of investment in joint venture and associate 
17. 
 (136) 
 (1 348) 
 (136) 
 (1 348) 
Share of gain of investment in joint venture and associate at fair value 
through profit or loss 
17. 
 18  
 257  
 18  
 257  
Gains less losses from liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 
29. 
 129  
 953  
 129  
 953  
Other income 
9. 
 2 168  
 1 379  
 2 168  
 1 379  
Other expense 
10. 
 (634) 
 (639) 
 (634) 
 (639) 
Operating income before operating expenses 
  
 13 785  
 11 972  
 13 785  
 11 972  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Staff costs  
11. 
 (4 640) 
 (5 861) 
 (4 640) 
 (5 861) 
Administrative expense 
12. 
 (1 821) 
 (2 479) 
 (1 821) 
 (2 479) 
Amortisation of intangible assets and depreciation of property, plant 
and equipment 
21., 22. 
 (787) 
 (620) 
 (787) 
 (620) 
(Impairment) gain, net 
13. 
 1 699  
 672  
 1 699  
 672  
Profit or (loss) from assets held for sale revaluation 
26. 
 (105) 
 408  
 (105) 
 778  
Profit before corporate income tax 
  
 8 131  
 4 092  
 8 131  
 4 462  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Corporate income tax 
  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 
  
  
  
  
  
Profit for the period 
  
 8 131  
 4 092  
 8 131  
 4 462  
Other comprehensive income: 
  
 (959) 
 (2 495) 
 (959) 
 (2 495) 
Items to be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods 
Net loss from financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
35. 
 (959) 
 (2 495) 
 (959) 
 (2 495) 
Total comprehensive income for the period 
  
 7 172  
 1 597  
 7 172  
 1 967  
Profit is attributable to: 
  
  
  
  
  
Owners of the Company 
  
 8 131  
 4 092  
 -    
 -    
Non-controlling interest 
  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Profit for the period 
  
 8 131  
 4 092  
 -    
 -    
Other comprehensive income is attributable to: 
  
  
  
  
  
Owners of the Company 
  
 (959) 
 (2 495) 
 -    
 -    
Non-controlling interest 
  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Total comprehensive income for the period 
  
 7 172  
 1 597  
 -    
 -    
 
* comparatives reclassified as stated in Section (1) of Note 2. 
 
 The accompanying notes on pages 18 through 88 form an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 
 
Reinis Bērziņš 
Chairman of the Board 
 
Kaspars Gibeiko 
Chief Accountant 
 
31 March 2020

--- Page 228 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2019  
 
14 
 
Statement of Financial Position 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
  
Notes 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
  
 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. * 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. * 
Assets 
  
  
  
  
  
Due from credit institutions and the Treasury 
14. 
 181 199  
 137 026  
 181 047  
 136 646  
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss  
16. 
 4 217  
 1 160  
 -    
 -    
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income - investment 
securities 
15. 
 47 941  
 50 389  
 47 941  
 50 389  
Financial assets at amortised cost: 
  
  
  
  
  
Investment securities  
15.  
 478  
 467  
 478  
 467  
Loans and receivables 
18. 
 220 129  
 197 755  
 220 129  
 197 473  
Grants 
38. 
 17 186  
 22 561  
 17 186  
 22 561  
Deferred expense  
24. 
 694  
 349  
 694  
 349  
Accrued income 
25.  
 1 649  
 1 723  
 1 649  
 1 723  
Assets held for sale 
26.  
 -    
 11 343  
 -    
 11 343  
Investments in venture capital funds – associates 
17. 
 52 543  
 50 239  
 52 543  
 50 239  
investments in subsidiaries 
20.  
 -    
 -    
 3 812  
 1 492  
Investment property 
19. 
 24 366  
 14 794  
 24 366  
 14 794  
Property, plant and equipment 
22.  
 4 694  
 4 228  
 4 694  
 4 228  
Intangible assets  
21. 
 1 395  
 1 347  
 1 395  
 1 347  
Other assets 
23. 
 3 570  
 2 558  
 3 570  
 2 558  
Total assets  
  
 560 061  
 495 939  
 559 504  
 495 609  
  
 
  
  
  
  
Liabilities 
 
  
  
  
  
Due to credit institutions 
27. 
 29 542  
 38 245  
 29 542  
 38 245  
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss – derivatives 
16. 
 -    
 2  
 -    
 2  
Due to general governments 
28. 
 86 272  
 48 110  
 86 272  
 48 110  
Financial liabilities at amortised cost - Issued debt securities 
33. 
 45 348  
 29 943  
 45 348  
 29 943  
Deferred income  
  
 3 091  
 2 181  
 3 091  
 2 181  
Accrued expense 
32.  
 478  
 830  
 478  
 830  
Provisions  
30. 
 31 076  
 25 373  
 31 076  
 25 373  
Support programme funding  
29. 
 128 730  
 126 959  
 128 730  
 126 959  
Other liabilities 
31. 
 2 786  
 2 706  
 2 773  
 2 643  
Total liabilities 
  
 327 323  
 274 349  
 327 310  
 274 286  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Equity 
  
  
  
  
  
Share capital 
34.  
 204 862  
 204 862  
 204 862  
 204 862  
Reserves 
35. 
 16 565  
 7 965  
 16 563  
 7 610  
Revaluation reserve of financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income  
37. 
 2 638  
 3 597  
 2 638  
 3 597  
Retained earnings 
  
 8 131  
 4 900  
 8 131  
 5 254  
Net assets attributable to the Company’s owners 
  
 232 196  
 221 324  
 232 194  
 221 323  
Non-controlling interest 
  
 542  
 266  
 - 
 -    
Total equity 
  
 232 738  
 221 590  
 232 194  
 221 323  
Total equity and liabilities  
  
 560 061  
 495 939  
 559 504  
 495 609  
 
* comparatives reclassified as stated in Section (1) of Note 2. 
 
 The accompanying notes on pages 18 through 88 form an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 
 
Reinis Bērziņš 
Chairman of the Board 
 
Kaspars Gibeiko 
Chief Accountant 
 
31 March 2020

--- Page 229 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2019  
 
15 
 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
The accompanying notes on pages 18 through 88 form an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Attributable to owners of the Company 
 
 
  
Share capital 
Reserve 
capital 
Revaluation 
reserve of 
financial assets 
measured at 
fair value 
through other 
comprehensive 
income 
Reserve of 
disposal 
group 
classified as 
held for sale 
Retained 
earnings 
Non-
controlling 
interest 
Total equity 
As at 31 December 2017 (restated) 
 204 862  
 722  
 6 092  
 1 839  
 9 333  
 -    
 222 848  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Impact of IFRS 9 adoption 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (1 839) 
 (812) 
 -    
 (2 651) 
Reclassification of distribution of 2015 
year profit of the Company 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (1 829) 
 -    
 (1 829) 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
As at 1 January 2018 
 204 862  
 722  
 6 092  
 -    
 6 692  
 -    
 218 368  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Profit for the period  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 4 092  
 -  
 4 092  
Other comprehensive income  
 -  
 -  
 (2 495) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (2 495) 
Total comprehensive income  
 -    
 -    
 (2 495) 
 -    
 4 092  
 -    
 1 597  
Changes of reserves (Note 35) 
 -    
 (753) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (753) 
Increase of reserve capital (Note 35) 
 -    
 2 112  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2 112  
Distribution of 2017 profit of the 
Company (Note 35) 
 -    
 5 884  
 -    
 -    
 (5 884) 
 -    
 -    
Non-controlling interest 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 266  
 266  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
As at 31 December 2018 
 204 862  
 7 965  
 3 597  
 -    
 4 900  
 266  
 221 590  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Profit for the period  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 8 131  
 -    
 8 131  
Other comprehensive income  
 -    
 -    
 (959) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (959) 
Total comprehensive income  
 -    
 -    
 (959) 
 -    
 8 131  
 -    
 7 172  
Increase of reserve capital (Note 35) 
 -    
 3 700  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 3 700  
Distribution of profit of previous years 
(Note 35) 
 -    
 808  
 -    
 -    
 (808) 
 -    
 -    
Distribution of 2018 profit of the 
Company (Note 35) 
 -    
 4 092  
 -    
 -    
 (4 092) 
 -    
 -    
Non-controlling interest 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 276  
 276  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
As at 31 December 2019 
 204 862  
 16 565  
 2 638  
 -    
 8 131  
 542  
 232 738

--- Page 230 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Consolidated and Separate Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2019  
 
16 
 
Company’s Statement of Changes in Equity 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
  
Share capital 
Reserve capital 
Revaluation 
reserve of 
financial assets 
measured at fair 
value through 
other 
comprehensive 
income 
Reserve of 
disposal group 
classified as 
held for sale 
Retained 
earnings 
Total capital 
As at 31 December 2017 (restated) 
 204 862  
 (386) 
 6 092  
 1 839  
 7 488  
 219 895  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Impact of IFRS 9 adoption 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (1 839) 
 (812) 
 (2 651) 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
As at 1 January 2018 
 204 862  
 (386) 
 6 092  
 -    
 6 676  
 217 244  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Profit for the period  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 4 462  
 4 462  
Other comprehensive income  
 -  
 -  
 (2 495) 
 -  
 -  
 (2 495) 
Total comprehensive income  
 -    
 -    
 (2 495) 
 -    
 4 462  
 1 967  
Increase of reserve capital 
 -    
 2 112  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2 112  
Distribution of 2017 profit (Note 35) 
 -    
 5 884  
 -    
 -    
 (5 884) 
 -    
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
As at 31 December 2018 
 204 862  
 7 610  
 3 597  
 -    
 5 254  
 221 323  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Profit for the period  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 8 131  
 8 131  
Other comprehensive income (Note 35) 
 -    
 -    
 (959) 
 -    
 -    
 (959) 
Total comprehensive income  
 -    
 -    
 (959) 
 -    
 8 131  
 7 172  
Increase of reserve capital 
 -    
 3 700  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 3 700  
Distribution of profit of previous years 
 -    
 791  
 -    
 -    
 (791) 
 -    
Distribution of 2018 profit (Note 35) 
 -    
 4 462  
 -    
 -    
 (4 462) 
 -    
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
As at 31 December 2019 
 204 862  
 16 563  
 2 638  
 -    
 8 131  
 232 194  
 
The accompanying notes on pages 18 through 88 form an integral part of these financial statements.

--- Page 231 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
17 
 
Statement of Cash Flows 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Notes 
Group 
Group 
  Company 
Company 
 
 
 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2018.-
31.12.2018. 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2018.-
31.12.2018. 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of period 
 
 128 916  
 100 597  
 128 536  
 100 597  
  
 
  
  
  
  
Cash flows from operating activities 
 
  
  
  
  
Profit before taxes 
 
 8 131  
 4 092  
 8 131  
 4 462  
Amortisation of intangible assets and depreciation of property, plant 
and equipment 
21., 22. 
 786  
 620  
 786  
 620  
Interest income 
4. 
 (9 882) 
 (11 934) 
 (9 882) 
 (11 934) 
Interest received 
 
 6 205  
 8 687  
 6 205  
 8 687  
Interest expenses 
5. 
 1 433  
 763  
 1 433  
 763  
Interests paid 
 
 (1 082) 
 (542) 
 (1 082) 
 (542) 
(Decrease) in provisions for impairment 
13. 
 (1 845) 
 (672) 
 (1 845) 
 (672) 
(Increase) in share of profit / (loss) in joint venture and associate capital 
funds  
 
 -    
 (207) 
 -    
 (207) 
Increase  of cash and cash equivalents from operating activities before 
changes in assets and liabilities 
 
 3 746  
 807  
 3 746  
 1 177  
Due from credit institutions decrease 
 
 3 114  
 888  
 3 117  
 888  
 (Increase) of loans 
 
 (20 575) 
 (4 237) 
 (20 857) 
 (3 954) 
Decrease / (increase) of grants 
 
 5 375  
 (19 803) 
 5 375  
 (19 803) 
Due to credit institutions increase / (decrease)  
 
 25 698  
 (4 246) 
 25 696  
 (4 247) 
Increase in deferred income and accrued expense  
 
 558  
 634  
 558  
 634  
(Decrease) in deferred expense and accrued income 
 
 (271) 
 184  
 (271) 
 184  
Decrease / (Increase) of other assets  
 
 11 403  
 639  
 11 403  
 (1 731) 
Increase  in other liabilities 
 
 10 765  
 33 131  
 10 537  
 34 803  
Net cash flows to/ from operating activities 
 
 39 813  
 7 997  
 39 304  
 7 951  
  
 
  
  
  
  
Cash flows from investment activities 
 
  
  
  
  
Sale of investment securities 
 
 4 146  
 12 856  
 4 146  
 12 856  
Acquisition of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets  
 
 (802) 
 (1 596) 
 (802) 
 (1 596) 
Purchase of investment properties 
19. 
 (9 604) 
 (3 754) 
 (9 604) 
 (3 754) 
Sale of investment properties 
19. 
 32  
 -    
 32  
 -    
Investments in venture capital funds, net  
 
 (1 945) 
 1 961  
 (1 945) 
 1 961  
Investments of subsidiaries in share capital 
 
 (3 057) 
 (1 160) 
 -    
 -    
Investments in subsidiaries 
 
 -    
 -    
 (2 320) 
 (1 492) 
Net cash flows to/ from investing activities 
 
 (11 230) 
 8 307  
 (10 493) 
 7 975  
  
 
  
  
  
  
Cash flows from financing activities 
 
  
  
  
  
Issued debt securities 
 
 15 000  
 9 901  
 15 000  
 9 901  
Increase of reserve capital 
35. 
 3 700  
 2 112  
 3 700  
 2 112  
Net cash flow from financing activities 
 
 18 700  
 12 013  
 18 700  
 12 013  
  
 
  
  
  
  
Increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 
 47 432  
 28 317  
 47 660  
 27 939  
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of period 
14. 
 176 199  
 128 916  
 176 047  
 128 536  
 
The accompanying notes on pages 18 through 88 form an integral part of these financial statements.

--- Page 232 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
18 
 
Approval of the Financial Statements 
The management of the Company has approved these financial statements on 31 March 2020. The Commercial Law of the 
Republic of Latvia as well as Development Finance Institution Law stipulates that the shareholders’ meeting is entitled to pass 
a decision on approval of the financial statements. 
1 General Information  
(1) Corporate Information  
These financial statements contain the financial information about joint-stock company Development Finance Institution 
Altum (Company) and its subsidiaries (hereinafter together — the Group). The separate financial statements of the Company 
are included alongside these consolidated financial statements to comply with legal requirements. The Company is the parent 
entity of the Group (Note 20). 
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum is a Latvia state-owned company that ensures access of the enterprises and 
households to the financial resources by means of support financial instruments - loans, guarantees, investments in venture 
capital funds - in the areas defined as important and to be supported by the state, thus developing the national economy 
and enhancing mobilization of the private capital and financial resources. On 25 March 2019 Moody’s Investors Service 
(Moody’s) reconfirmed Altum’s Baa1 long-term issuer rating, with outlook stable. The assigned Moody’s rating of Altum is one 
of the highest credit ratings assigned to corporate entities in Latvia. 
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum was established on 27 December 2013 by a decision of the Cabinet of Ministers. 
The mission of the Company’s establishment is by merging three prior independently operating companies providing state 
support into a single institution and further allocate the state funds for implementation of financial instrument state support 
and development programmes in one place. The Company’s operations are governed by its specific law – Development 
Finance Institution Law. The Company’s Article of Association has been approved by the Cabinet of Ministers. All voting shares 
of the Company are owned by the Republic of Latvia. The holders of the shares are ministries of the Republic of Latvia as 
stipulated by the Development Finance Institution Law with following split of the shares – the Ministry of Finance 40%, the 
Ministry of Economics 30% and the Ministry of Agriculture 30% respectively. 
Altum Group includes the Company and two closed investment funds Hipo Latvia Real Estate Fund I and Hipo Real Estate 
Fund II (legal address – Elizabetes street 41/43, Riga, Latviam LV-1010) in which the Company was the sole investor. In August 
2019, these funds were liquidated upon receipt of the liquidation quota by the Company. 
The Group also includes several venture capital funds. The below listed venture capital funds - subsidiaries and associates - 
are treated as subsidiaries or associates only for purposes of financial accounting. 
Legal Tittle 
Legal Address  
Investment % in share capital  
Venture capital funds classified as Subsidiaries 
 
 
KS Overkill Ventures Fund I 
Dzirnavu iela 105, Rīgas, Latvija, LV-1011 
100 
KS Buildit Latvia Pre-Seed Fund  
Sporta iela 2, Rīga, Latvija, LV-1013 
100 
KS Commercialization Reactor Pre-seed Fund 
Brīvības gatve 300 -9, Rīga, Latvija 
100 
KS INEC 1 
Krišjāņa Barona iela 32-7, Rīga, Latvijas, LV-1011 
75 
KS INEC 2 
Krišjāņa Barona iela 32-7, Rīga, Latvijas, LV-1011 
90 
Venture capital funds classified as Associates 
 
 
KS Overkill Ventures Fund II  
Dzirnavu iela 105, Rīgas, Latvija, LV-1011 
80 
KS Buildit Latvia Seed Fund  
Sporta iela 2, Rīga, Latvija, LV-1013 
80 
KS Commercialization Reactor Seed Fund 
Brīvības gatve 300 -9, Rīga, Latvija 
80 
KS ZGI-4  
Daugavgrīvas iela 21, Rīga, Latvija, LV-1048 
60 
FlyCap Mezzanine Fund II 
Matrožu iela 15A, Rīga, LV-1048 
60 
KS Baltcap Latvia Venture Capital Fund 
Jaunmoku iela 34, Rīga, Latvija, LV-1046 
67 
KS Imprimatur Capital Technology Venture Fund 
Elizabetes iela 85a-18, Rīga, Latvija, LV-1050 
67 
KS Imprimatur Capital Seed Fund 
Elizabetes iela 85a-18, Rīga, Latvija, LV-1050 
100 
KS ZGI-3 
Daugavgrīvas iela 21, Rīga, Latvija, LV-1048 
95 
KS FlyCap investment Fund  
Matrožu iela 15A, Rīga, Latvija, LV-1048 
95 
KS Expansion Capital fund 
Krišjāņa Barona iela 32-7, Rīga, Latvija, LV-1011 
95 
Baltic Innovation Fund 
Eiropean Investment Fund, 37B, avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-2968 Luxembourg 
20 
Baltic Innovation Fund II 
Eiropean Investment Fund, 37B, avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-2968 Luxembourg 
17 
KS Otrais Eko Fonds 
Dārza 2, Rīga, LV-1007 
33

--- Page 233 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
19 
 
2 Accounting Policies 
(1) Basis of presentation  
These Group’s and the Company’s financial statements are financial statements prepared in accordance with International 
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted in the European Union, on a going concern basis. In preparation of these 
financial statements on a going concern basis the management considered the Group’s / Company’s financial position, 
access to financial resources and analysed the impact of the external factors on future operations of the Group / Company. 
For detailed disclosure on the impact of COVID-19 on the Group / Company see Note 42. 
The Group’s and the Company’s financial statements are prepared under the historical cost convention as modified by the 
fair valuation of financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income, derivative financial instruments 
and investment properties, non-current assets held for sale measured at fair value less costs to sell and state aid financing. 
The preparation of financial statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by 
European Union requires the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and 
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues 
and expenses during the reporting period. Although these estimates are based on the Management’s best knowledge of 
current events and actions, actual results ultimately may differ from those estimates (Note 2 (16)). 
Considering the volume  of one of the Group’s / Company’s business segments – issue of non-financial instrument grants – in 
order to ensure the users of the financial statements with a better understanding of the Group’s / Company’s financial position, 
the issued grants have been classified separately as Grants in the Statement of Financial Position comparing with the financial 
statements for the year 2018 where this item has been classified within Other assets. In light that part of the income is derived 
as income from implementation of state aid programmes for the compensated overheads and direct expenses related to the 
implementation of the state aid programmes, in order to ensure the users of the financial statements with a better 
understanding of the Company’s and the Group’s operational performance, such type of income and respective expenses 
has been classified separately in the Statement of Comprehensive Income as Income for implementation of state aid 
programmes and Expenses to be compensated for implementation of state aid programmes. Before such type of income has 
been classified within Other income, and compensated expenses have been classified within Staff costs and Administrative 
expense respectively. Following the industry practise Fee and commission income from lending activities is classified within 
Interest income. Maintenance and service costs of Land Fund, Loss on revaluation of assets that have been taken over in the 
debt collection process and Debt collection costs have been classified within Other expenses instead of Administrative 
expenses. The comparatives for the above noted items have been reclassified accordingly following the new classification in 
order to ensure comparability of information. 
Detailed information on quantitative impact from reclassification of comparatives in 2018 is provided below, in thousands of 
euro: 
 
Reported as at 
31.12.2018 
Reclassified 
Reclassified as at 
31.12.2018 
Restated items of the statement of financial position * 
Group / Company 
 
Group / Company 
Other assets 
 25 119  
 (22 561) 
 2 558  
Financial assets 
 24 300  
 (22 561) 
 1 739  
Grants 
 -    
 22 561  
 22 561  
* Other items of the statement of financial position were not restated

--- Page 234 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
20 
 
2 Accounting Policies (cont’d) 
(1) Basis of presentation (cont’d) 
Detailed information on quantitative impact from reclassification of comparatives in 2018 is provided below, in thousands of 
euro: (cont’d) 
Items of statement of comprehensive income 
Initial amount in 
2018, Group 
Reclassified 
Reclassified amount 
in 2018, Group 
Restated items of statement of comprehensive income: 
  
  
  
Interest income 
 11 934  
 516  
 12 450  
Interest on loans and guarantees 
 9 934  
 516  
 10 450  
Interest expense 
 (763) 
 (385) 
 (1 148) 
Interest on balances due to credit institutions 
 (184) 
 (192) 
 (376) 
Interest on issued debt securities 
 -    
 (387) 
 (387) 
Allocation of state support programmes’ profit to support programme funding 
 -    
 (346) 
 (346) 
Other interest expense 
 (579) 
 555  
 (24) 
Other commission expense 
 -    
 (15) 
 (15) 
Income from implementation of state support programmes 
 -    
 3 337  
 3 337  
Compensation of expenses for management of state support programmes 
 -    
 1 877  
 1 877  
Compensation of the venture capital funds’ management fees 
 -    
 1 460  
 1 460  
Compensated expense for implementation of state support programmes 
 -    
 (3 391) 
 (3 391) 
Compensated staff costs 
 -    
 (1 507) 
 (1 507) 
Compensated administrative expense 
 -    
 (370) 
 (370) 
Compensated venture capital fund management fees 
 -    
 (1 514) 
 (1 514) 
Fee and commission income 
 539  
 (539) 
 -    
From lending activities 
 537  
 (537) 
 -    
Other fee and commission income 
 2  
 (2) 
 -    
Fee and commission expense 
 (156) 
 156  
 -    
On venture capital fund management fee 
 (54) 
 54  
 -    
On securities portfolio maintenance 
 (62) 
 62  
 -    
Other fee and commission expense 
 (40) 
 40  
 -    
Other income 
 2 979  
 (1 600) 
 1 379  
Income from lease payments for operational leases 
 421  
 (36) 
 385  
Income from sale of investment property 
 -    
 11  
 11  
Income from sale of repossessed collateral 
 -    
 292  
 292  
Other commission income 
 -    
 15  
 15  
Other operating income 
 418  
 (5) 
 413  
Compensation 
 1 877  
 (1 877) 
 -    
Other expense 
 -    
 (639) 
 (639) 
Maintenance and service costs of Land Fund 
 -    
 (105) 
 (105) 
Debt collection costs 
 -    
 (286) 
 (286) 
Maintenance costs of repossessed collateral 
 -    
 (38) 
 (38) 
Revaluation of repossessed collateral 
 -    
 (116) 
 (116) 
Commission expense on investments in securities 
 -    
 (89) 
 (89) 
Other commission expense 
 -    
 (5) 
 (5) 
Staff costs 
 (7 368) 
 1 507  
 (5 861) 
Administrative costs 
 (3 517) 
 1 038  
 (2 479) 
Maintenance costs of repossessed collateral 
 (311) 
 311  
 -    
Revaluation of repossessed collateral 
 (116) 
 116  
 -    
Real estate tax 
 (152) 
 78  
 (74) 
Other expense 
 (516) 
 163  
 (353) 
Items of statement of comprehensive income that were not restated: 
  
  
  
Gains or losses from debt securities and foreign exchange translation 
 122  
 -    
 122  
Share of (losses) of investment in joint venture and associate 
 (1 348) 
 -    
 (1 348) 
Share of gain of investment in joint venture and associate at fair value through profit or loss 
 257  
 -    
 257  
Gains less losses from liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 
 953  
 -    
 953  
Amortisation of intangible assets and depreciation of property, plant and equipment 
 (620) 
 -    
 (620) 
(Impairment) gain or loss, net 
 672  
 -    
 672  
Profit or (loss) from assets held for sale revaluation 
 408  
 -    
 408  
Profit for the period 
 4 092  
 -    
 4 092

--- Page 235 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
21 
 
2 Accounting Policies (cont’d) 
 (1) Basis of presentation (cont’d) 
Detailed information on quantitative impact from reclassification of comparatives in 2018 is provided below, in thousands of 
euro: (cont’d) 
Items of statement of comprehensive income 
Initial amount in 
2018, Company 
Reclassified 
Reclassified amount 
in 2018, Company 
Restated items of statement of comprehensive income: 
  
  
  
Interest income 
 11 934  
 516  
 12 450  
Interest on loans and guarantees 
 9 934  
 516  
 10 450  
Interest expense 
 (763) 
 (385) 
 (1 148) 
Interest on balances due to credit institutions 
 (184) 
 (192) 
 (376) 
Interest on issued debt securities 
 -    
 (387) 
 (387) 
Allocation of state support programmes’ profit to support programme funding 
 -    
 (346) 
 (346) 
Other interest expense 
 (579) 
 555  
 (24) 
Other commission expense 
 -    
 (15) 
 (15) 
Income from implementation of state support programmes 
 -    
 3 337  
 3 337  
Compensation of expenses for management of state support programmes 
 -    
 1 877  
 1 877  
Compensation of the venture capital funds’ management fees 
 -    
 1 460  
 1 460  
Compensated expense for implementation of state support programmes 
 -    
 (3 391) 
 (3 391) 
Compensated staff costs 
 -    
 (1 507) 
 (1 507) 
Compensated administrative expense 
 -    
 (370) 
 (370) 
Compensated venture capital fund management fees 
 -    
 (1 514) 
 (1 514) 
Fee and commission income 
 539  
 (539) 
 -    
From lending activities 
 537  
 (537) 
 -    
Other fee and commission income 
 2  
 (2) 
 -    
Fee and commission expense 
 (156) 
 156  
 -    
On venture capital fund management fee 
 (54) 
 54  
 -    
On securities portfolio maintenance 
 (62) 
 62  
 -    
Other fee and commission expense 
 (40) 
 40  
 -    
Other income 
 2 979  
 (1 600) 
 1 379  
Income from lease payments for operational leases 
 421  
 (36) 
 385  
Income from sale of investment property 
 -    
 29  
 29  
Income from sale of repossessed collateral 
 -    
 234  
 234  
Other commission income 
 -    
 15  
 15  
Other operating income 
 418  
 (5) 
 413  
Compensation 
 1 877  
 (1 877) 
 -    
Other expense 
 -    
 (639) 
 (639) 
Maintenance and service costs of Land Fund 
 -    
 (105) 
 (105) 
Debt collection costs 
 -    
 (286) 
 (286) 
Maintenance costs of repossessed collateral 
 -    
 (38) 
 (38) 
Revaluation of repossessed collateral 
 -    
 (116) 
 (116) 
Commission expense on investments in securities 
 -    
 (89) 
 (89) 
Other commission expense 
 -    
 (5) 
 (5) 
Staff costs 
 (7 368) 
 1 507  
 (5 861) 
Administrative costs 
 (3 517) 
 1 038  
 (2 479) 
Maintenance costs of repossessed collateral 
 (311) 
 311  
 -    
Revaluation of repossessed collateral 
 (116) 
 116  
 -    
Real estate tax 
 (152) 
 78  
 (74) 
Other expense 
 (516) 
 163  
 (353) 
Items of statement of comprehensive income that were not restated: 
  
  
  
Gains or losses from debt securities and foreign exchange translation 
 122  
 -    
 122  
Share of (losses) of investment in joint venture and associate 
 (1 348) 
 -    
 (1 348) 
Share of gain of investment in joint venture and associate at fair value through profit or loss 
 257  
 -    
 257  
Gains less losses from liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 
 953  
 -    
 953  
Amortisation of intangible assets and depreciation of property, plant and equipment 
 (620) 
 -    
 (620) 
(Impairment) gain or loss, net 
 672  
 -    
 672  
Profit or (loss) from assets held for sale revaluation 
 778  
 -    
 778  
Profit for the period 
 4 462  
 -    
 4 462

--- Page 236 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
22 
 
2 Accounting Policies (cont’d) 
(1) Basis of presentation (cont’d) 
In the financial statements the amounts are given in thousands of euros, unless specified otherwise. The functional currency of 
the Company and its subsidiaries as well as presentation currency of the Group / Company has been the euro. 
(2) Consolidation and investments in associates 
(i) 
Consolidation 
The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries as at 31 
December 2019. 
Subsidiaries are companies, over which the Group has control. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed to, or has rights 
to, variable returns from its involvement and has the ability to use its power to affect the amount of the returns. Control is 
deemed to exist when the parent company (i) has power to direct relevant activities of the investee that significantly affect 
their returns, (ii) has exposure or rights to variable returns from its involvement with the investees, and (iii) has the ability to use 
its power over the investees to affect the amount of investor’s returns. 
Financial statements of the parent company and of the consolidated subsidiaries refer to the same period and have been 
drawn up according to the accounting policies applicable to the Group. A subsidiary is included in the consolidated financial 
statements from the time of acquisition, being the date when the parent company gains control over the subsidiary. The 
subsidiary is included in the consolidated financial statements until the date when control over the company ceases to exist. 
The entities of the Group are listed in Note 20. 
The consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with the acquisition method. The acquisition value is 
measured as the fair value of the assets given, equity instruments issued and liabilities incurred or assumed. 
Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination are measured initially 
at their fair values on acquisition date, irrespective of any minority interest. Intra-group transactions, balances and unrealised 
gains and losses on transactions between Group companies are eliminated. 
At the level of the Company, the investments in subsidiaries upon their initial recognition at cost are recorded at fair value 
with revaluation in the profit or loss (see Note 2 (6) item (iii)). Some of the venture capital funds’ investments are classified as 
investments in subsidiaries See Note 20 for details. 
(ii) Investments in associates  
Associates are all entities over which the Group has significant influence, but doesn’t control them.  
The Group / Company ceases to have a significant influence over an entity when it loses power to participate in the entity’s 
financial and operating policy decisions. Loss of significant influence may happen with or without changes in the absolute or 
relative participation. 
The Group / Company classifies investments in the associates in two categories using a different accounting method for each. 
The first category is measured based on the equity method (Note 2 (6) item (i)), whereas the second category – fair value with 
revaluation in the profit or loss (Note 2 (6) item (ii) and Note 2 (6) item (iii)). Some of the venture capital funds investments are 
classified as investments in associates. See Note 17 for details. 
(3) Foreign currency translation 
During the reporting period transactions in foreign currencies were converted into euro based on the foreign exchange rate 
of the European Central Bank effective on the day of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities as well as off-balance 
sheet claims and foreign currency liabilities were converted into euro based on the foreign exchange rate of the European 
Central Bank effective at the end of the reporting period. Gain or losses on foreign exchange rate fluctuations were included 
in the statement of comprehensive income of the reporting period.  
Non-monetary items that are measured at historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the 
dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the 
exchange rates at the date when the fair value is determined. The gain or loss arising on translation of non-monetary items 
measured at fair value is treated in line with the recognition of the gain or loss on the change in fair value of the item (i.e., 
translation differences on items whose fair value gain or loss is recognised in OCI or profit or loss are also recognised in OCI or 
profit or loss, respectively).

--- Page 237 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
23 
 
2 Accounting Policies (cont’d) 
(3) Foreign currency translation (cont’d) 
The applicable rates for the principal currencies at the end of the reporting period were the following: 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
1 USD = EUR 1.12340 
1 USD = EUR 1.14500 
1 GBP = EUR 0.85080 
1 GBP = EUR 0.89453 
1 CHF = EUR 1.08540 
1 CHF = EUR 1.12690 
1 NOK = E UR 9.86380 
1 NOK = E UR 9.94830 
(4) Income and expense recognition 
Income and expense accounting of the Group / Company is based on accrual basis, i.e.: 
▪ income and expense, pertaining to the reporting period, are included in the statement of comprehensive income 
regardless of the day of their receipt or origination; 
▪ income is included in the statement of comprehensive income, when obtained, or there is no doubt about receiving it on 
the expected time, and expense is accounted as soon as there is evidence clearly indicating the occurrence of expense. 
(i) 
Foreign income and expense 
Foreign income and expense are calculated and presented in euro based on the foreign exchange rate of the European 
Central Bank on the respective day.  
Foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in the profit or loss of the reporting period.  
(ii) Interest income and expense 
Interest income and expense are recognised in profit or loss for all interest bearing instruments on an accrual basis using the 
effective interest rate method. The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset 
or a financial liability and of allocating the interest income or interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest 
rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash payments or receipts through the expected life of the financial 
instrument or, when appropriate, a shorter period to the net carrying amount of the financial asset or financial liability. When 
calculating the effective interest rate, the Group / Company estimates cash flows considering all contractual terms of the 
financial instrument (for example, prepayment options), but does not consider future credit losses. The calculation includes all 
fees and points paid or received between parties to the contract that are an integral part of the effective interest rate, 
transaction costs and all other premiums or discounts. 
Interest accrued on loans is included in profit or loss and interest accrual calculation uses either “30/360” or “actual days/360” 
accounting method as specified in agreements with customers. 
The following principles are applied with respect to contractual penalties (late payment charge):  
▪ contractual penalties are calculated for each day and are recorded in the off-balance sheet (recognized at a point in 
time), 
▪ included in the profit or loss only when being paid by the customer (recognized at a point in time), 
▪ subject to grace days, i.e., if customer pays the entire amount in full within 3 days after the scheduled payment date, 
contractual penalties are not calculated. 
Commissions from advancing loans and their management are included in profit or loss based on the following principles: 
▪ loan processing and disbursement commissions, including loan application fee, together with related direct costs – using 
effective interest rate method, 
▪ other commissions (loan account management, amendment of the terms, commitment fee etc.) are recognised on the 
day of their receipt (recognized at a point in time). 
Commissions from granting and maintenance of financial guarantees are included in the profit or loss following the principles 
below: 
▪ commissions from granted financial guarantees – according to principles described in Note 2 (5) item (xvii) (recognised 
over the time), 
▪ other commissions are recognised on the day of their receipt (recognized at a point in time).

--- Page 238 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
24 
 
2 Accounting Policies (cont’d) 
(4) Income and expense recognition (cont’d) 
(ii) Interest income and expense (cont’d) 
Interest accrued on loans and commissions from financial guarantees exclude pricing for credit risk if such is covered by 
allocated support programme funding. See Note 29.  
Other commission income and expense, which are not related to financial guarantees, are recognized as they occur. 
(5) Financial assets and liabilities - initial recognition and subsequent measurement 
(i) 
Initial recognition 
Financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL) are initially recorded at fair value. All other financial instruments 
are initially recorded at fair value adjusted for transaction costs. Fair value at initial recognition is best evidenced by the 
transaction price. A gain or loss on initial recognition is only recorded if there is a difference between fair value and transaction 
price which can be evidenced by other observable current market transactions in the same instrument or by a valuation 
technique whose inputs include only data from observable markets. After the initial recognition, an expected credit loss (ECL) 
allowance is recognised for financial assets measured at amortised cost (AC) and investments in debt instruments measured 
at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI), resulting in an immediate accounting loss. 
All purchases and sales of financial assets that require delivery within the time frame established by market convention 
(“regular way” purchases and sales) are recorded at trade date, which is the date on which the Group / Company commits 
to deliver a financial asset. All other purchases are recognised when the Group / Company becomes a party to the 
contractual provisions of the instrument. 
(ii) Financial assets – classification and subsequent measurement – measurement categories 
The Group / Company classifies financial assets in the following measurement categories: FVTPL, FVOCI and AC. The 
classification and subsequent measurement of debt financial assets depends on the Group’s / Company’s business model for 
managing the related assets portfolio and the cash flow characteristics of an asset. 
(iii) Financial assets – classification and subsequent measurement – business model 
The business model reflects how the Group / Company manages assets in order to generate cash flows – whether the Group’s 
/ Company’s objective is: 
▪ solely to collect the contractual cash flows from the assets (“hold to collect contractual cash flows”,) or  
▪ to collect both the contractual cash flows and the cash flows arising from the sale of assets (“hold to collect contractual 
cash flows and sell”) or, 
▪ if neither of (a) and (b) is applicable, the financial assets are classified as part of “other” business model and measured at 
FVTPL. 
Business model is determined for a group of assets (on a portfolio level) based on all relevant evidence about the activities 
that the Group / Company undertakes to achieve the objective set out for the portfolio available at the date of the 
assessment. Factors considered by the Group / Company in determining the business model include the purpose and 
composition of a portfolio, past experience on how the cash flows for the respective assets were collected, how risks are 
assessed and managed and how the assets’ performance is assessed. Refer to Note 2 (16) for critical judgements applied by 
the Group / Company in determining the business models for its financial assets. 
(iv) Financial assets – classification and subsequent measurement – cash flow characteristics 
Where the business model is to hold assets to collect contractual cash flows or to hold contractual cash flows and sell, the 
Group / Company assesses whether the cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest (“SPPI”). Financial assets 
with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining whether their cash flows are consistent with the 
SPPI feature. In making this assessment, the Group / Company considers whether the contractual cash flows are consistent 
with a basic lending arrangement, i.e. interest includes only consideration for credit risk, time value of money, other basic 
lending risks and profit margin.  
Where the contractual terms introduce exposure to risk or volatility that is inconsistent with a basic lending arrangement, the 
financial asset is classified and measured at FVTPL. The SPPI assessment is performed on initial recognition of an asset and it is 
not subsequently reassessed. Refer to Note 2 (16) for critical judgements applied by the Group / Company in performing the 
SPPI test for its financial assets.

--- Page 239 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
25 
 
2 Accounting Policies (cont’d) 
(5) Financial assets and liabilities - initial recognition and subsequent measurement (cont’d) 
(v) Financial assets – reclassification. 
Financial instruments are reclassified only when the business model for managing the portfolio as a whole changes. The 
reclassification has a prospective effect and takes place from the beginning of the first reporting period that follows after the 
change in the business model.  
(vi) Financial assets impairment – credit loss allowance for expected credit losses  
Credit loss allowance is recognised on financial assets classified at AC and FVOCI and for the exposures arising from loan 
commitments, grant commitments and financial guarantee contracts. Credit loss allowance is measured based on expected 
credit loss model. Expected credit losses (“ECL”) reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined by 
evaluating a range of possible outcomes and considering all reasonable and supportable information, including past events, 
current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions that could affect the expected 
collectability of the future cash flows available without undue cost or effort at the reporting date. Such allowance is measured 
according to whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition of an instrument. 
Stage 1 includes financial instruments that have not experienced a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition 
and those within the Company’s policy to assess for low credit risk at the reporting date. 
Stage 2 includes financial instruments that have deteriorated significantly in credit quality since the initial recognition but for 
which there is no objective evidence of credit impairment. 
Stage 3 includes financial instruments which are credit-impaired. 
The 12-month ECL are recognized on instruments in Stage 1 and the lifetime ECL are recognized on instruments in Stage 2 and 
Stage 3. The lifetime ECL represent losses from all possible default events over the remaining life of the financial instrument. The 
12-month ECL are the portion of the lifetime ECL resulting from the default events that are possible within 12 months after the 
reporting date. Consequently, the 12-month ECL are not the expected cash shortfalls over the next 12 months or the credit 
losses on financial assets that are forecast to default in the next 12 months. 
Measurement of expected credit losses 
The ECL are measured for each individual exposure as the discounted product of a probability of default (“PD”), an exposure 
at default (“EAD”), and a loss given default (“LGD”). The PD represents the likelihood that a borrower will default on its 
obligation, during the next 12 months or during the remaining lifetime of the obligation. The EAD is an expected exposure at 
the time of default, taking into account scheduled repayments of principal and interest, and expected further drawdowns 
from loan commitments. The LGD represents the expected loss on a defaulted exposure, taking into account such factors as 
counterparty characteristics, collateral and product type. 
The ECL are determined by projecting the PD, LGD and EAD for each future month over the expected lifetime of an exposure. 
The three parameters are multiplied together and adjusted for future information. This effectively calculates monthly ECL, 
which are discounted back to the reporting date using the original effective interest rate and summed. The sum of all months 
over the remaining expected lifetime results in the lifetime the ECL and the sum of the next 12 months results in the 12-month 
ECL. 
The risk parameters used to estimate ECL incorporate the effects of the macroeconomic forecasts and associated expected 
probabilities, to measure an unbiased, probability weighted average. 
The Group / Company assesses credit-impaired exposures individually without the use of modelled inputs. The credit loss 
allowance for these exposures are established using the discounted expected cash flows. 
Definition of default and credit-impaired financial assets 
Default is an input to the PD and LGD, which affects the measurement of the ECL. Financial assets which are credit-impaired 
are included in Stage 3. Default and credit-impaired are triggered when an exposure (principal or interest payment) is more 
than 90 days past due, an exposure is declared in bankruptcy or similar order, a non-performing forbearance measure is 
applied towards the borrower or there is an assessment that the borrower is unlikely to pay its obligations as agreed. When 
assessing whether a borrower is unlikely to pay its obligations, the Group / Company takes into account both qualitative and 
quantitative factors including, but not limited to the overdue status or non-payment on other obligations of the same borrower, 
expected bankruptcy and breaches of financial covenants. An instrument is no longer considered to be in default or credit-
impaired when all overdue amounts are repaid, there is sufficient evidence to demonstrate that there is a significant reduction 
in the risk of non-payment of future cash flows and there are no other indicators of credit-impairment.

--- Page 240 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
26 
 
2 Accounting Policies (cont’d) 
(5) Financial assets and liabilities - initial recognition and subsequent measurement (cont’d) 
(vi) Financial assets impairment – credit loss allowance for expected credit losses (cont’d) 
Determining a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition 
The Group / Company assesses changes in credit risk at the individual financial instrument level. A financial instrument is no 
longer considered to have experienced a significant increase in credit risk when all indicators are no longer breached. 
Stage 2 includes financial instruments that have deteriorated significantly in credit quality since the initial recognition but for 
which there is no objective evidence of credit impairment. The Group / Company primarily identifies whether a significant 
increase in credit risk has occurred for an exposure due to “days past due” status or internal rating status, e.g., for loans and 
financial guarantee agreements, the Group / Company uses 31+ “days past due” status or significant decrease in internal 
rating status – by two notches, for transferring exposure from Stage 1 to Stage 2. Investments in securities and due from other 
credit institutions are included in Stage 1 if external rating is A3/A- or higher, while lowering of the external rating by at least 
two notches (Baa1/BBB+ or lower) results in transfer of exposure from Stage 1 to Stage 2. The Group / Company also identifies 
whether a significant increase in credit risk has occurred for an exposure due to changes in qualitative credit risk indicators 
such as financial performance of the borrower, breaches of covenants, industry specific information, etc. 
Expected lifetime 
The lifetime of a financial instrument is relevant for both the assessment of significant increase in credit risk, which considers 
changes in the probability of default over the expected lifetime, and the measurement of the lifetime ECL. The expected 
lifetime is limited to contractual period specified in respective agreement. All contractual terms are considered when 
determining the expected lifetime, including prepayment options and extension and rollover options that are binding to the 
Group / Company. 
Modifications 
Where a loan is modified but is not derecognised, significant increases in credit risk continue to be assessed for impairment 
purposes as compared to the initial recognition credit risk. Modifications do not automatically lead to a decrease in credit risk 
and all quantitative and qualitative indicators will continue to be assessed. 
Estimates 
The Group / Company use both models and expert credit judgement (ECJ) in order to determine ECLs. The degree of 
judgement that is required to estimate ECL depends on the model outcome, materiality and the availability of detailed 
information. The model provides guidance and transparency as to how economic events could affect the impairment of 
financial assets. Expert judgements may be applied to the modelled outcome to incorporate an estimated impact of factors 
not captured by the model. Such judgemental adjustment to the model-generated ECLs may be applied to significant 
exposures at a counterparty level. The adjustments are decided by the relevant committee using the model ECLs as guidance. 
Presentation of credit impairments 
For financial assets measured at AC, credit loss allowance is presented in the Group’s / Company’s statement of financial 
position as a reduction of the gross carrying amount of the assets. 
For loan commitments, grant commitments and financial guarantee contracts, such allowance is presented as a liability in 
the Group’s / Company’s statement of financial position. 
For debt instruments measured at FVOCI (investment securities), changes in amortised cost reduced by credit loss allowance 
for ECL are recognised as profit or loss and other changes in gross carrying value are recognised in the OCI as gains less losses 
on debt instruments measured at FVOCI. 
A write-off reduces the gross carrying amount of a financial asset. Credit loss allowance and write-offs are presented as credit 
impairments in profit or loss. Write-offs are recognised when the amount of loss is ultimately determined and represent the 
amount before the utilisation of any previous provisions. Any subsequent recoveries of write-offs or credit loss allowance are 
recognised in profit or loss statement. 
(vii) Financial assets – write-off 
Financial assets are written-off, in whole or in part, when the Group / Company exhausted all practical recovery efforts and 
has concluded that there is no reasonable expectation of recovery. The write-off represents a derecognition event. The Group 
/ Company may write-off financial assets that are still subject to enforcement activity when the Group / Company seeks to 
recover amounts that are contractually due, however, there is no reasonable expectation of recovery.

--- Page 241 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
27 
 
2 Accounting Policies (cont’d) 
(5) Financial assets and liabilities - initial recognition and subsequent measurement (cont’d) 
(viii) Financial assets – derecognition 
The Group / Company derecognises financial assets when:  
▪ the assets are redeemed or the rights to cash flows from the assets otherwise expired or  
▪ the Group / Company has transferred the rights to the cash flows from the financial assets or entered into a qualifying pass-
through arrangement while (i) also transferring substantially all risks and rewards of ownership of the assets or (ii) neither 
transferring nor retaining substantially all risks and rewards of ownership, but not retaining control. Control is retained if the 
counterparty does not have the practical ability to sell the asset in its entirety to an unrelated third party without needing 
to impose restrictions on the sale. 
(ix) Financial assets – modification 
The Group / Company sometimes renegotiates or otherwise modifies the contractual terms of the financial assets. In a situation 
where the renegotiation was driven by financial difficulties of the counterparty and inability to make the originally agreed 
payments, the Group / Company compares the original and revised expected cash flows to assets whether the risks and 
rewards of the asset are substantially different as a result of the contractual modification. If the risks and rewards do not 
change, the modified asset is not substantially different from the original asset and the modification does not result in 
derecognition. The Group / Company recalculates the gross carrying amount by discounting the modified contractual cash 
flows by the original effective interest rate (or credit-adjusted effective interest rate for purchased or originated credit impaired 
(POCI) financial assets), and recognises a modification gain or loss in profit or loss. 
(x) Financial liabilities – measurement categories 
Financial liabilities are classified as subsequently measured at AC, except for financial liabilities at FVTPL – this classification is 
applied to derivatives and Support programme funding. 
(xi) Financial liabilities – derecognition 
Financial liabilities are derecognised when they are extinguished (i.e. when the obligation specified in the contract is 
discharged, cancelled or expires). 
(xii) Due from credit institutions and the Treasury  
Amounts due from credit institutions and the Treasury are recorded when the Group / Company advances money to a credit 
institution or the Treasury of the Republic of Latvia with no intention of trading the resulting unquoted non-derivative receivable 
due on fixed or determinable dates. Amounts due from credit instructions and the Treasury are carried at amortised cost. 
Amounts due from credit institutions and the Treasury comprises cash and demand deposits with original maturity of 3 months 
or less (See Note 14) and demand deposits with original maturity of more than 3 months. 
(xiii) Derivative financial instruments  
Derivative financial instruments including foreign currency swaps are initially recognised at fair value and subsequently 
measured at their fair value. Fair values are obtained from quoted market prices and discounted cash flow models as 
appropriate. All derivatives are carried as assets when fair value is positive and liabilities when the fair value is negative. 
Changes in the fair value of derivatives are reported in the profit or loss. The Group / Company does not use hedge 
accounting. 
(xiv) Investment securities 
Based on the business model and the cash flow characteristics, the Group / Company classifies investments in securities as 
carried at AC or FVOCI.  
Investment securities or debt securities are carried at AC if they are held for collection of contractual cash flows and where 
those cash flows represent SPPI, and if they are not voluntarily designated at FVTPL in order to significantly reduce an 
accounting mismatch. Part of fixed income securities held by the Group / Company are included into this category.  
Debt securities are carried at FVOCI if they are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling, where those cash 
flows represent SPPI, and if they are not designated at FVTPL. Interest income from these assets is calculated using the effective 
interest method and recognised in profit or loss. An impairment allowance estimated using the expected credit loss model is 
recognised in profit or loss for the year. All other changes in the carrying value are recognised in OCI. When the debt security 
is derecognised, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in OCI is reclassified from OCI to profit or loss. Treasury bills, 
fixed income securities are included into this financial assets’ measurement category.

--- Page 242 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
28 
 
2 Accounting Policies (cont’d) 
(5) Financial assets and liabilities - initial recognition and subsequent measurement (cont’d) 
(xv) Loans 
For purposes of this section, loans are: 
▪ direct lending products, i.e., the Group / Company grants a loan to a borrower, who is the end beneficiary of funds. Direct 
lending products include Reverse rent transaction, 
▪ indirect lending products without assuming risk, i.e., the Group / Company grants a loan to a borrower, who is an 
intermediary. The intermediary then grants the received loan further to borrowers, who are the end beneficiaries of funds. 
The Group / Company recognizes loan impairment loss only when resulting from solvency problems of the borrower, 
▪ indirect lending products with risk assumption, i.e., the Group / Company grants a loan to a borrower, who is an 
intermediary. The intermediary then grants the received loan further to borrowers, who are the end beneficiaries of funds. 
The Group / Company recognizes loan impairment loss both when resulting from solvency problems of the intermediary, as 
well as when resulting from solvency problems of the end beneficiary, proportionate to the share of risk. 
Based on the business model and the cash flow characteristics, the Group / Company classifies loans measured at AC. It 
means, that loans are held for collection of contractual cash flows. The loans are recognised in the financial statements of the 
Group / Company when cash is advanced to borrowers. 
Loan commitments 
The Group / Company issues commitments to provide loans. These commitments are irrevocable or revocable only in response 
to a material adverse change. Fees received for loan commitments are amortised on a straight-line basis over the life of the 
commitment. Further on such loan commitment fees are deferred and included in the carrying value of the loan on initial 
recognition. At the end of each reporting period, the commitments are measured at the remaining unamortised balance of 
the amount at initial recognition plus the amount of the loss allowance determined based on the ECL model, unless the 
commitment is to provide a loan at an interest rate below the market rate, in which case the measurement is at the higher of 
these two amounts. 
The carrying amount of the loan commitments is presented as a liability within off-balance sheet. 
For contracts that include both a loan and an undrawn commitment and where the Group / Company cannot separately 
distinguish the ECL on the undrawn loan component from the loan component, the ECL on the undrawn commitment is 
recognised together with the loss allowance for the loan. To the extent that the combined ECLs exceed the gross carrying 
amount of the loan, they are recognised as a liability. 
Reverse rent 
Reverse rent is agricultural land purchase transaction with rent and repurchase rights for the seller of the property established 
by agreement. It was concluded that the reverse rent transactions embraced the repurchase option for the lessee that could 
be exercised nearly always. From IFRS point of view it means that such a rent falls outside the definition of rent as, in essence, 
the usage rights of the asset are not transferred and remain with the lessee. The nature of reverse rent transaction corresponds 
to the definition of financial asset where the purchase price is a long-term loan issued to the lessee (right to get the money in 
the future), whereas land functions as a collateral. Following the same practice applied to the other loans the management 
assesses impairment at each reporting date. A part of the impairment assessment and calculation is linked to evaluation of 
the collateral. 
Repossessed collateral  
Repossessed collateral represents movable assets, land and buildings that have been acquired in the debt collection process 
for the purpose to hold them and sell in an ordinary course of business. See Note 2 (9) item (v) details. 
(xvi) Grants 
The Group / Company acts as an agent when servicing grants. Grants are advanced in instalments and are recognized in 
the balance sheet liabilities as public funding. Grants committed to but not yet disbursed are accounted for on the Group’s / 
Company's off-balance sheet. Provisions are made for expected losses. The grant agreement stipulates that the Company 
will provide grants to its clients in advance, and will submit quarterly reports to grantors on disbursed grants. Until grants are 
approved by the grantor for eligibility, they are recognized as financial assets at amortized cost. Upon approval by the funding 
provider for the eligibility of the disbursed grants, the amount of financial assets carried at amortized cost and, consequently, 
public funding are reduced by that amount.

--- Page 243 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
29 
 
2 Accounting Policies (cont’d) 
(5) Financial assets and liabilities - initial recognition and subsequent measurement (cont’d) 
(xvii) 
Financial guarantees 
Financial guarantees require the Group / Company to make specified payments to reimburse the holder of the guarantee 
for a loss it incurs because a specified debtor fails to make payment when due in accordance with the original or modified 
terms of a debt instrument. Financial guarantees are initially recognised at their fair value, which is normally evidenced by the 
amount of fees received. This amount is amortised on a straight-line basis over the life of the guarantee. At the end of each 
reporting period, the guarantees are measured at the higher of (i) the amount of the loss allowance for the guaranteed 
exposure determined based on the expected loss model and (ii) the remaining unamortised balance of the amount at initial 
recognition. In addition, an ECL loss allowance is recognised for fees receivable that are recognised in the statement of 
financial position as an asset. 
The carrying amount of the financial guarantees contracts is presented as a liability within off-balance sheet (Note 36). 
Payments, which are made by the Group / Company, to reimburse the holder of the guarantee for a loss are included in 
Other assets (Note 23). 
(xviii) 
Financial liabilities carried at amortised cost 
Financial liabilities carried at amortised cost are mainly amounts due to the Treasury of the Republic of Latvia and credit 
institutions. These are initially recognised at fair value net of transaction costs incurred. Financial liabilities are subsequently 
measured at AC and any difference between net proceeds and the redemption value is recognised in the profit or loss over 
the period of the borrowings using the effective interest method. In cases of early repayment, any difference between the 
repaid and carrying amounts is immediately included in the profit or loss. 
(xix) Issued debt securities  
The Group / Company recognises issued debt securities at the date when the respective funds are received. After initial 
recognition when these financial liabilities are initially recognised at fair value including direct transaction costs, those are 
subsequently carried at amortised cost using the effective interest method. When issued debt securities are sold at a discount 
or premium, the difference is amortised applying the effective interest method until the debt matures and charged to the 
statement of comprehensive income as interest expense. 
(xx) Financial liabilities designated at FVTPL 
The Group / Company designates liabilities such as support programme funding at FVTPL at initial recognition. Gains and losses 
on such liabilities are presented in profit or loss. See Note 2 (15) for details. 
(6) Investments in venture capital funds  
The Group’s / Company’s investments in venture capital funds (VCF) are treated as either Investments in Associate or 
Investments in Subsidiaries. According to IFRS 9, the above investments become financial assets held either at fair value 
through other comprehensive income or at fair value through profit or loss. In neither case, there is an option of stating the 
said assets at cost, unless the cost is estimated to be close to its fair value. Consequently, in calculating net asset value (NAV) 
for the VCFs, fair values of these investments must be taken into account. The Group’s / Company’s financial statements 
present NAV taking account of the funds’ fair value adjustments, i.e. fair values of investments in equity instruments. 
(i) 
Investments in Associates 
The Group’s / Company’s investments in Associate are stated under the equity method, except for investments in Baltic 
Innovation Fund and Baltic Innovation Fund II (jointly Baltic Innovation Funds / BIF). 
Investments in Associate initially are recognised at acquisition cost. For subsequent measurement, the equity method is used: 
the Company recognizes on its balance sheet the value of the VCFs as its proportionate share of the NAV of the VCFs. The 
NAV was adjusted to reflect the Group’s / Company’s accounting policies, i.e. IFRS. The NAV of the VCFs mainly consisted of 
the VCFs’ investments in equity instruments and issued loans as well as of the liabilities undertaken. The NAV of the VCF is based 
on the fair value measurement, which can be adjusted by the Group / Company to align the accounting policies of the 
Associates with accounting policy of the Group / Company. 
The carrying value of investment in Associate includes changes in the Group’s / Company’s NAV in the Associate since 
acquisition date. Changes in the NAV from operational results of the VCF are included in the Group’s / Company’s profit or 
loss statement as a share of gain or (loss) of investment in joint venture and associate.  
The realised gains, which are received from Associate, are recognised as decrease in the VCF’s carrying value.

--- Page 244 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
30 
 
2 Accounting Policies (cont’d) 
(6) Investments in venture capital funds (cont’d) 
(i) Investments in Associates (cont’d) 
The financial statements of the Associate and the Group cover the same reporting period.  
The Group and the Company use part of the support programme funding, i.e., the Risk Coverage Reserve to compensate the 
change in the values of venture capital funds. The risk coverage mechanism is attributable to the 2nd and 3rd generation 
venture capital funds, such as BaltCap LatviaVenture Capital Fund, Imprimatur Capital Technology Venture Fund, Imprimatur 
Capital Seed Fund, ZGI-3 fund, FlyCap Investment Fund I un Expansion Capital Fund. 
(ii) Investments in the Baltic Innovation Funds 
Investments in Baltic Innovation Funds are valued at fair value through profit or loss The management has made following 
assessment in order to support such valuation: 
▪ within the meaning of IAS 28, the Financial Intermediary Division of the Company and the Baltic Innovation Fund correspond 
to the definition of a venture capital organisation or comparable to it entities; 
▪ within the meaning of IAS 28, the Baltic Innovation Fund’s investments should be classified as associates; 
▪ the Baltic Innovation Fund measures its investments at fair value through profit or loss according to IAS 39 / IFRS 9. 
The above conclusions enabled the Company to the exception in relation to the Baltic Innovation Fund measurement 
provided in IAS 28 and in its financial statements to measure the Baltic Innovation Fund and its investments applying IFRS 9 and 
deciding to state the respective assets at fair value through profit or loss. 
The Group / Company use part of the support programme funding, i.e., the Risk Coverage Reserve to compensate the change 
in the values of venture capital funds. Since December 2017 the said risk coverage mechanism is attributable also to Baltic 
Innovation Funds. 
(iii) Investments by subsidiaries in the shares of companies 
Investments in equity securities are measured at FVTPL, except where the Group elects at initial recognition to irrevocably 
designate equity investments at FVOCI. Dividends continue to be recognised in profit or loss when the Group’s right to receive 
payments is established except when they represent a recovery of an investment rather than a return on such investment. The 
investments made by the VCFs into equity securities at the level of the Group are included into this financial assets’ 
measurement category. 
(iv) Other accounting issues 
The management fees of the VCFs referable to the reporting period (previous periods) are treated as fees for services received 
and are included in profit or loss. 
As foreseen by the new wording of the agreement No 2015/15 On Implementation of the Holding Fund dated 23 December 
2015 concluded between the Company and the Ministry of Economics, the Group / Company is reimbursed from the funding 
of the Ministry of Economics for the following: 
▪ management fees of the financial intermediaries for implementation of the financial engineering instruments, 
▪ value impairment of the investments of the financial engineering instruments due to valuation or revaluation. 
The above risk cover mechanism is valid for the second and third generation VCFs such as BaltCap Latvia Venture Capital 
Fund, Imprimatur Capital Technology Venture Fund, Imprimatur Capital Seed Fund, ZGI-3 fund, FlyCap Investment Fund I and 
Expansion Capital Fund (Note 17) as well as for Baltic Innovation Fund from the December 2017. 
(7) Fair values of assets and liabilities 
Fair value is the price that would be received when selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction 
between market participants on the measurement date. Fair values of financial assets and liabilities, including derivative 
financial instruments, are based on market prices quoted in active markets. If the market for a financial asset or liability (and 
for unlisted securities) is not active, the Group / Company establishes fair value by using valuation techniques. These include 
the use of discounted cash flow analysis, option pricing models and recent comparative transactions as appropriate. Where, 
in the opinion of the Management of the Group / Company, the fair values of financial assets and liabilities differ materially 
from their book values, such fair values are separately disclosed in the notes to the accounts.

--- Page 245 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
31 
 
2 Accounting Policies (cont’d) 
(7) Fair values of assets and liabilities (cont’d) 
The Group / Company measures financial assets, such as derivatives, part of investments securities, investments in Baltic 
Innovation Fund, non-financial assets such as investment properties and assets held for sale, investments in alternative 
investment funds, and financial liabilities such as Support Programme funding, at fair value at each balance sheet date. The 
information about financial and non-financial assets and liabilities, which are measured at fair value or which values are 
disclosed, are summarised in the following notes: 
Disclosures for valuation methods, significant estimates and 
assumptions 
Note 2 (5), 2 (6), 2 (8), 2 (9), 2 (15), 2 (16) 
Quantitative disclosures of fair value measurement hierarchy 
Note 39 
Investment property 
Note 2 (9) item (iv) 
Financial instruments including those carried at amortised cost 
Note 2 (5) 
(8) Off-setting financial instruments 
Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the statement of financial position when there is a 
legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, or realise the assets 
and settle the liability simultaneously. 
(9) Non–financial assets – initial recognition and subsequent measurement 
(i) 
Intangible assets 
Acquired computer software and licences are recognised as intangible assets on the basis of the costs incurred to acquire 
and bring to use the software. Intangible assets are amortised on the basis of their expected useful live (5 years) and less 
impairment, if there is an indication that intangible asset may be impaired. The costs associated with developing or 
maintaining computer software programs are recognised as an expense when incurred. 
(ii) Property, plant and equipment and depreciation 
All property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment, if any. 
Depreciation is provided using the straight-line method to write off the cost of each asset to its residual value over the 
estimated useful life of the asset. The assets’ residual values and useful live are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at each 
balance sheet date. 
The annual depreciation rates applied are as follows: 
Category 
Depreciation rate 
Land and buildings 
2% p.a. 
Furniture and fittings 
10 - 20% p.a. 
Computers and equipment 
16.67 – 33.33% p.a. 
Vehicles 
20% p.a. 
Leasehold improvements 
over the term of the lease agreements 
Where the carrying amount of an asset is greater than its estimated recoverable amount, it is written down immediately to its 
recoverable amount. Property, plant and equipment are periodically reviewed for impairment. 
Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or are recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only 
when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the asset will flow to the Group / Company and the cost of 
the asset can be measured reliably. 
Gains and losses on disposals of property and equipment are recognised in the profit or loss in the period of disposal.. All other 
repairs and maintenance are charged to profit or loss during the financial period in which they are incurred.. 
(iii) Impairment of non-financial assets 
The Group / Company assesses at each reporting date whether there is an indication that an asset may be impaired. If any 
indication exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required, the Group / Company estimates the asset’s 
recoverable amount. An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s or cash-generating unit’s (CGU) fair value less 
costs to sell and its value in use. Where the carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable amount, the asset is 
considered impaired and is written down to its recoverable amount. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows

--- Page 246 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
32 
 
2 Accounting Policies (cont’d) 
(9) Non–financial assets – initial recognition and subsequent measurement (cont’d) 
(iii) Impairment of non-financial assets (cont’d) 
are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value 
of money and the risks specific to the asset. In determining fair value less costs to sell, an appropriate valuation model is used. 
These calculations are corroborated by valuation multiples, quoted share prices for publicly traded subsidiaries or other 
available fair value indicators. 
For assets excluding goodwill, an assessment is made at each reporting date as to whether there is any indication that 
previously recognised impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such indication exists, the Group / 
Company estimates the asset’s or CGU’s recoverable amount. A previously recognised impairment loss is reversed only if there 
has been a change in the assumptions used to determine the asset’s recoverable amount since the last impairment loss was 
recognised. The reversal is limited so that the carrying amount of the asset does not exceed its recoverable amount, nor 
exceeds the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation, had no impairment loss been 
recognised for the asset in prior years. Such reversal is recognised in the profit or loss. Goodwill impairment losses cannot be 
reversed over the next reporting periods. 
(iv) Investment property 
Investment property comprises land or buildings, which are held in order to earn rentals or for capital appreciation or both, 
and which are not occupied by the Group / Company or otherwise held for sale. Property rented out under operating lease 
is classified as investment property if, and only it meets the definition of an investment property. 
Investment property is carried at fair value through profit and loss. Fair value is based on active market prices, adjusted, if 
necessary, to any difference in the nature, location or condition of the asset. The fair value of investment property is based on 
a valuation by an independent valuator who holds a recognised and relevant professional qualification and who has recent 
experience in the location and category of the investment property being valued. If this information is not available, the Group 
/ Company uses alternative valuation methods such as discounted cash flow projections. Changes in the fair value of 
investment property are recorded in the profit or loss as part of operating income. Revaluation of investment property is 
performed annually. 
Gains and losses on sale of investment properties is recognised at sale as the difference between the proceeds from the sale 
and the carrying amount (fair value) of investment properties. 
(v) Repossessed collateral (included in Other assets) 
Repossessed collateral includes movable assets, land and buildings that have been acquired in the debt collection process 
for the purpose to hold them and sell in an ordinary course of business. Inventory is reported at the lower of cost or net realisable 
value. Net realizable value is a selling price during an ordinary course of business of the Group / Company less selling expenses.  
Depreciation of repossessed collateral is not calculated. Changes in value of repossessed collateral are recognised in of profit 
or loss. The value of repossessed collateral is reassessed at each reporting date to ensure it is stated at the lower of cost or net 
realisable value. The repossessed collateral consists of properties taken over with an aim to sell them in the near future. 
Realised gains and losses on sale of repossessed collateral are recognised at sale as the difference between sale price of 
repossessed collateral and carrying amount as at the moment of sale. 
(vi) Assets held for sale 
Non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale are measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less 
costs to sell. Non-current assets and disposal groups are classified as held for sale if their carrying amounts will be recovered 
principally through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use. This condition is regarded as met only when the sale 
is highly probable and the asset or disposal group is available for immediate sale in its present condition. Management must 
be committed to the sale, which should be expected to qualify for recognition as a completed sale within one year from the 
date of classification. 
As at 31 December 2018 the balance sheet item Assets held for sale included investments in alternative investment funds ‘Hipo 
Latvia Real Estate Fund I’ and ‘Hipo Latvia Real Estate Fund II’ where respective funds’ assets have been sold before January 
2019. During 2019 Altum received the liquidation quota followed by the funds’ liquidation in August 2019. 
For details of financial information of these investments see Note 26.

--- Page 247 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
33 
 
2 Accounting Policies (cont’d) 
(10) Leases 
From 1 January 2019 the Group / Company applies IFRS 16. In accordance with the transitional provisions of IFRS 16, the 
standard is applied retrospectively with evaluation of its cumulative effect as of 1 January 2019. The Group / Company 
recognises a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset and a lease liability representing its obligation 
to make lease payments. The Group / Company applies optional exemptions for short-term leases and leases of low-value 
items. 
The Group / Company applied simplified approach and did not restate comparative information. Right–of–use assets were 
measured equal to the lease liabilities at the date of initial application. Cumulative effect of initial application was immaterial 
therefore it was not recognised as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings. 
Under IFRS 16, a contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a 
period of time in exchange for consideration. To assess whether the contract is a lease or contains a lease, the Group / 
Company assesses whether: 
▪ the contract provides for the use of an identified asset: the asset may be designated, directly or indirectly, and must be 
physically separable or represent practically full capacity of the asset from the physically separable asset. If the supplier 
has a significant right to replace the asset, the asset is not identifiable; 
▪ the Group / Company has the right to obtain all economic benefits from the use of the identifiable asset over its useful life; 
▪ the Group / Company has the right to determine the use of the identifiable asset. The Group / Company has the right to 
determine the manner in which the asset will be used, when it can decide how and for what purpose the asset will be used. 
Where the relevant decisions about how and for what purpose an asset is used are predetermined, the Group / Company 
should assess whether it uses the asset, or the Group / Company has developed an asset in a manner that predetermines 
how and for what purpose the asset will be used. 
Upon adopting IFRS 16, the Group / Company used a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases with similar 
characteristics (with certain exemptions) and made an assessment on the identified right–of–use assets non–cancellable lease 
terms (including the extension and termination options) and lease payments (including fixed and variable payments etc.). 
Leases are recognised as right–of–use assets and the corresponding lease liabilities at the date when leased assets are 
available for use of the Group / Company. The cost of the right–of–use an asset consists of: 
▪ the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability; 
▪ any lease payments made before the commencement date less any lease incentives received; 
▪ any initial direct costs. 
Replacement costs associated with the dismantling and restoration of property, plant and equipment are classified separately 
as provisions. 
The right–of–use assets are classified and recognised according to groups of property, plant and equipment. The Group / 
Company accounts right–of–use assets of land, buildings, vehicles and household improvements. 
The right–of–use asset is amortised on a straight–line basis from the commencement date to the end of the useful life of the 
underlying asset or from the commencement date of the lease to the end of the lease term, unless an asset is scheduled to 
be redeemed. The right–of–use asset is periodically reduced for impairment losses, if any, and adjusted for any revaluation of 
the lease liabilities. 
Assets and liabilities arising from leases at commencement date are measured at the amount equal to the present value of 
the remaining lease payments, discounted by the Group’s / Company's incremental interest rate. Lease liabilities include the 
present value of the following lease payments: 
▪ fixed lease payments (including in–substance fixed lease payments), less any lease incentives receivable; 
▪ variable leases payments that are based on an index or a rate; 
▪ amounts expected to be payable by the Group / Company under residual value guarantees; 
▪ the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group / Company is reasonably certain to exercise that option; 
▪ payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the Group / Company exercising that option.

--- Page 248 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
34 
 
2 Accounting Policies (cont’d) 
(10) Leases (cont’d) 
Lease liabilities are subsequently measured when there is a change in future lease payments due to changes of an index or 
a rate, when the Group’s / Company's estimate of expected payments changes, or when the Group / Company changes its 
estimate of the purchase option, lease term modification due to extension or termination. When a lease liability is subsequently 
measured, the corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the right–of–use asset or recognised in the 
statement of comprehensive income if the carrying amount of the right–of–use asset decreases to zero. 
Each lease payment is divided between the lease liability and the interest expense on the lease. Interest expense on lease is 
recognised in the statement of comprehensive income over the lease term to form a constant periodic interest rate for the 
remaining lease liability for each period. 
Lease payments related to short–term leases are recognised as an expense in the statement of comprehensive income on a 
straight–line basis. Short–term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or less at the commencement date. 
The following accounting policy on leases was applied on and before 31 December 2018: 
Where the Group / Company is a lessee in a lease which transferred substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to 
ownership to the Group / Company, the assets leased are capitalised in premises and equipment at the commencement of 
the lease at the lower of the fair value of the leased asset, and the present value of the minimum lease payments. Each lease 
payment is allocated between the liability and finance charges so as to achieve a constant rate on the finance balance 
outstanding. The corresponding rental obligations, net of future finance charges, are included in other borrowed funds. The 
interest cost is charged to profit or loss for the year over the lease period using the effective interest method. The assets 
acquired under finance leases are depreciated over their useful life, or the shorter lease term if the Group / Company is not 
reasonably certain that it will obtain ownership by the end of the lease term. 
(11) Corporate income tax 
Corporate income tax for the reporting period is included in the financial statements based on the Group’s / Company’s 
management’s calculations prepared in accordance with tax legislation of the Republic of Latvia.  
Corporate income tax is calculated on the basis of distributed profit which is subject to the tax rate of 20 % of their gross 
amount, or 20/80 of net expense. Corporate tax on distributed profit will be recognized when the shareholders of the Company 
make a decision about profit distribution. 
Corporate income tax for the distributed profit is included in the profit and loss statement line item “Corporate income tax” 
and disclosed by the components in the notes to the financial statements. 
According to the Article 15, paragraph 2, point 5 of the Law on Development Finance Institution, profit for the reporting period 
is distributed including it in the Group’s / Company’s reserve capital. 
(12) Provisions 
The Group / Company utilises off-balance sheet financial instruments that include loan commitments, grant commitments 
and financial guarantees (Note 30). Such financial transactions are recognized in the financial statements as of the respective 
agreement dates. Principles of establishment of provisions for loan commitments, grant commitments and financial 
guarantees are presented in Note 2 (5) item (vi). 
(13) Vacation reserve 
Accruals for employee leaves are recognised on an accrual basis. The volume of accrued liabilities for leaves is calculated, 
based on the number of leave days earned, but unused by the staff members of the Group / Company, and following the 
principles listed below: 
▪ accruals are created for payment for all unused leave days of staff members, 
▪ the value of one unused leave day is defined as the staff members’ average salary per day at the end of the reporting 
year, plus the appropriate compulsory social insurance contributions, 
▪ movements in accruals are recognised in the profit or loss.

--- Page 249 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
35 
 
2 Accounting Policies (cont’d) 
(14) Employee benefits 
The Group / Company pays social security contributions for state pension insurance and to the state funded pension scheme 
in accordance with Latvian legislation. State funded pension scheme is a defined contribution plan under which the Group / 
Company pays fixed contributions determined by the law and has no legal or constructive obligations to pay further 
contributions if the state pension insurance system or state funded pension scheme are not able to settle their liabilities to 
employees. The social security contributions are recognised as an expense on an accrual basis and are included within staff 
costs. 
(15) Support programme funding 
Although these liabilities are interest-free or have an interest rate that differs from the average market rate, they have an 
additional participation in the profit or loss related to the assets in which the Group / Company has invested using these 
resources. The management of the Group / Company is of the opinion that these liabilities have a different kind of interest 
return related to the return on the underlying assets. For the purposes of IFRS the interest return of this kind is considered as 
embedded derivative. As it follows from IFRS 9 Clause 4.3.5., the embedded derivatives may be recognised without separating 
them from the contract, together with the whole contract, at its fair value with re-measurement through profit or loss.  
The fair value of the liability established in this manner will consist of the already carried Programmes’ funding coupled with 
the state aid portion adjusted for the part of the future cash flow pertaining  of additional payments / to reduction of additional 
payments due to value appreciation or impairment of the associated assets, i.e. the liability would be recognised to the extent 
that corresponds to the liability’s repayment amount established for the Group / Company.  
When calculating the fair value of the liabilities or Programmes’ funding as at 1 January 2018, an adjustment of EUR (8,449) 
thsd was made. As a result, EUR (7,465) thousand were attributed to the amount of the liabilities and EUR (984) thsd – to the 
retained earnings of the previous years. 
The measurement of the liabilities at fair value affected the amount of the value impairment provisions of the Group / 
Company. The fair value and impairment loss are presented in gross amounts, i.e. taking into account the amount of the risk 
coverage. 
Support programme funding includes the Risk Coverage reserve that can be used for covering the Group’s/Company’s credit 
risk losses. See detailed information on Risk Coverage reserve in Note 2 (6) (i), (ii), Note 2 (16) (xi) and Note 29. 
Detailed information is provided in Note 29. 
(16) Critical accounting estimates and judgements 
The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the reporting date, that have 
a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year, 
are described below. The Group / Company bases its assumptions and estimates on parameters available when the financial 
statements were prepared. Existing circumstances and assumptions about future developments, however, may change due 
to market changes or circumstances arising that are beyond the control of the Group / Company. Such changes are reflected 
in the assumptions when they occur. The estimates and assumptions are evaluated regularly and are based on the historic 
experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the current 
circumstances. Such estimates and judgements are disclosed below. 
(i) 
Impairment losses of loans 
In order to assess impairment allowance, the management needs to make assumptions regarding the estimated cash flows 
and their timing related to loans. Significant estimates need to be made in relation to value of the collateral of the loans and 
advances. The assessment of the collateral includes the amounts of such impairment losses covered by Support programme 
funding provided by state, see Note 29. Further details disclosed in Note 2 (5) item (vi). 
(ii) Fair value of investments in the VCF 
The Group’s / Company’s management checks regularly that the value of the underlying investments of the VCFs is properly 
reflected. If the information about investments’ evaluation is not sufficient or does not confirm the value, the management 
needs to make assumptions about the fair value of the VCFs.

--- Page 250 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
36 
 
2 Accounting Policies (cont’d) 
(16) Critical accounting estimates and judgements (cont’d) 
(iii) Impairment allowance for securities valued at amortised cost 
Similarly as for loans, the Group / Company estimates expected credit losses to reflect changes in credit risk since initial 
recognition of debt securities. Impairment allowances are recognised based on forward looking information, even if no credit 
loss event has happened. The assessment considers broad range of information, but as most of these types of exposures are 
rated, it relies heavily on external credit ratings and rating agencies’ reported default rates derived by calculating multi-period 
rating transition matrices. Credit risk triggers (event of insolvency, any delay of payments, restructuring of debt) and individual 
credit risk analysis of the issuer are also considered. The Group / Company deems investment grade rated exposures as low 
credit risk, thus these are assumed no to have experienced a significant increase in credit risk. For non-investment grade 
exposures decrease in external credit rating by more than 3 notches since acquisition is deemed significant increase in credit 
risk. Expected credit losses are recognised based on the stage in which the exposure is allocated at the reporting date. 12-
month expected credit losses are recognised for Stage 1 exposures, where credit risk since initial recognition has not increased 
significantly. Lifetime expected credit losses are recognised for Stage 2 exposures whose credit risk has increased significantly 
since initial recognition and Stage 3 exposures which are credit impaired. Stage 3 exposures, if any were identified, would 
additionally be subjected to comprehensive evaluation, including comparison to market valuations for similar exposures, 
analysis of market depth of the respective security, past trading performance and all other available information. 
(iv) Revaluation of investment properties 
The Group / Company carries its investment properties at fair value, with changes in fair value being recognised in the 
statement of profit or loss. The Group / Company engaged an independent valuation specialist to assess fair value as at 31 
December 2019 and 31 December 2018 for investment properties. Investment property consists of agricultural land. 
Comparable transaction method is applied mostly for investment property. More information is provided in Notes 2 (9) item 
(iv) and Note 19. 
(v) Classification of the 1st, 2nd and 3rd generation VCFs 
The Group / Company considers that it does not control the VCFs even though it owns more than 50% in majority of the VCF. 
Instead, it has been concluded that the Group / Company has significant influence over the VCFs and therefore investments 
in VCFs are classified as Associates and are measured at using the equity method.  
The Group / Company has invested in several VCFs having ownerships of 20% and 33% in two of the VCFs and 64% - 100% in 
rest of them (for more details, please see Note 17). The main reason for the Group / Company to invest in these VCFs is to 
implement a public funding function imposed by the government. Despite the high direct investments and ownership above 
50% in the most of the VCFs, the Group’s / Company’s ability to exercise its power over the VCFs is limited by the terms of the 
agreements signed between the Group / Company and the VCFs managers. The Group / Company has assessed that it 
doesn’t control the VCFs, but can exercise significant influence over them. The Group / Company is forbidden to take part in 
the management of the VCFs’ businesses. However, the Group’s / Company’s representatives are present in different bodies 
of the VCFs (e.g. Advisory Board, Investment Committee, etc.) granting it a right to approve or reject certain limited 
transactions and advising the VCFs managers. The Group / Company is obliged to implement the Investment Fund in line with 
the business plan and agreement signed with the State.  
The Group / Company has to monitor the implementation of financing instruments, select financial intermediaries according 
to legal acts and aim to increase the amount of Investment Fund. The Group / Company could stop the cooperation with the 
VCFs managers only in cases when the VCFs managers cease their operations or illegal actions would be discovered. Under 
these circumstances, the VCFs in question would either be closed – the liquidation process would be initiated, no new 
investments would be made or a search for a new fund manager would be initiated through public tender. The selection of 
a fund manager for implementation of the state aid programmes requires following the legislation on public tenders, as would 
the change of fund managers. According to the law, the replacement of the fund manager can occur only as a result of 
reorganization and selection procedure is costly and time-consuming. The disruption of the cooperation with the fund 
manager would put under threat the implementation of State and EU support programs which is the main goal of the Group 
/ Company given it is a finance development institution. The Group’s / Company’s management considers that the monetary 
amounts required to change the fund manager are material and substantial (the estimated expenses and penalties for fund 
manager removal would range from 2.6% to 5.9% of the net investment in the fund) and along with the abovementioned 
circumstances constitute an obstacle to exercising its power over the VCFs.

--- Page 251 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
37 
 
2 Accounting Policies (cont’d) 
(16) Critical accounting estimates and judgements (cont’d) 
(vi) Classification of the 4th generation VCFs. 
In year 2018 active co-operation with Stage 4 VCFs was started. In order to establish existence of control or significant 
influence, the Group / Company assessed thoroughly the concluded co-operation agreements applying IFRS 10 control 
criteria and IAS 28 significant influence criteria. 
Upon assessment of all the factors, the rights and obligations arising under the agreements demonstrate that those VCFs over 
which the Group / Company exercises the sole right of dismissing the VCFs’ managers without any additional reasons should 
be treated as the subsidiaries of the Group / Company as the Group / Company has power over the investment object. While 
the investments in these VCFs over which the Group / Company exercises no such right should be treated as associates over 
which the Group / Company has no control, but significant influence. The management of the Group / Company is aware 
that on most occasions the circumstances that point to the power of the Group / Company over the investment will cease to 
exist within two years once the amount of the minimum capital investment is reached. For this reason, once the term has 
expired, the management of the Group / Company will do a repeated assessment of the presence of the control indicators. 
(vii) Monitoring value of investments in VCFs 
In accordance with the Limited Partnership Agreement the General Partner, professionals of the venture capital industry, is 
fully responsible for all aspects of VCF`s operation, including investment assessment, revaluation and determination of 
impairment if carrying value of investment exceeds recoverable amount. Carrying value and impairment is recorded and 
reported on the fund`s financial statement (audited on an annual basis). 
Carrying value of investments made by the VCFs on the funds` financial statement are recorded at fair value complying with 
the Group`s / Company’s accounting policy. However, other aspect is determination of fair value used by funds management 
for making different management decisions, including decisions regarding exit strategy, timing etc. Fair value is reported on 
Funds` Quarterly Investment Reports. The value of the investment is established based on the most appropriate technique 
from the International Private Equity and Venture Capital Valuation Guidelines. The employed methods include Third party 
assessments, Industry Valuation Benchmarks, Discounted cash-flow method and other. 
In accordance with the Group`s / Company’s principles, the Group / Company considers valuations presented by the fund 
management as a reliable source as only professionals with respective experience and proven track record are selected as 
fund managers. However, in order to ensure a sound and transparent finance management, the Group / Company conducts 
a regular monitoring procedure (typically on a quarterly basis) for revaluation of portfolio value of the investments funds. The 
assessment is carried out based on the information presented by funds management. The process is divided into several 
stages: 
▪ Financial Intermediary unit, business owner of venture capital segment, is responsible for initial analysis of Fund`s recorded 
and recognised investment value based on supporting information prepared and sent by fund management. The following 
information is presented by the investment funds for every investment exposure: the current development and dynamic of 
investment, the current financial performance and financial forecasts. It should be noted that the funds specialised in early- 
stage investments (mostly, pre-revenue projects) are not able to provide information about financial performance of 
projects. In this case investment scoring approach is used as a base. 
▪ Financial Intermediary unit conducts Q&A sessions with venture capital fund management during which the fund 
management reports about every investment of the portfolio. If supporting information indicates about potential flaws in 
calculations of fair values, adjustment is made. 
▪ Adjusted (if any) information is provided to the Risk Management Department for revision of carrying value, then presented 
on Risk and Asset-Liability Management Committee for final approving before recognized in the Group`s / Company’s 
accounting system. 
If there is evidence of value decrease, the Group / Company calculates decrease of the VCFs’ NAV and recognises the loss 
in the profit or loss. 
The Group / Company applies risk coverage reserve to compensate changes in the VCFs’ NAV.  
The risk cover mechanism is valid also the 4th generation VCFs.

--- Page 252 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
38 
 
2 Accounting Policies (cont’d) 
(16) Critical accounting estimates and judgements (cont’d) 
(viii) Reverse rent 
Exploring the options for recording of reverse rent transactions and IFRS compliance, the management based its opinion on 
the subject matter of the transaction and its economic justification rather than the legal form. As part of assessment of these 
transactions, the management paid much attention to exercising of the reverse repurchase right of the lessee. 
(ix) Agent vs Principal 
For majority of state aid programs, the Group / Company considers that it acts as a Principal. The management of the Group 
/ Company believes that the Group / Company is a Principal since the loan agreements concluded with the clients entail 
contractual rights to loan repayments from the borrowers or other beneficiaries of the investments. Moreover, the loan 
agreements are concluded for full amount of the loan and granted loans are carried as assets in the Group’s / Company’s 
statement of financial position. The investments made comply with the definition of an asset. The Group / Company is 
responsible for providing of the service and can affect the interest rate. However, some programmes have been imposed 
with a limit on the interest rates that cannot be exceeded. The Group / Company believes that the Group / Company is a 
Principal also for state aid programs, which are based on guarantee products, since the Group / Company is exposed to the 
risk of such guarantee agreements concluded with the clients. 
The Group / Company recognises its expenses due to impairment of the loans, guarantees or changes of value of venture 
capital funds in profit or loss for the portion of impairment that refers to the Group / Company (ranging from 20% to 100%). The 
portion of losses that the government reimburses by decreasing the amount of the loan repayable to the government, does 
not affect the Group’s / Company’s profit or loss as the loan received from the government is debited. Assets and liabilities 
are presented in gross values. 
The interest income received on the loans issued from above mentioned activities and programs includes the amounts 
collected on behalf of and for the benefit of other entities that do not increase the equity capital of the Group / Company 
and therefore cannot be considered as the Group’s / Company’s income. For this reason, the Group / Company carries as 
income only that part of the financial resources of the Loan Fund that is used to cover the management costs of the Loan 
Fund and this amount is included in the profit or loss calculation. 
(x) Loans below market rate 
The Group / Company implements the state aid programs by pursuing the government’s policy in the national economy and 
supporting small and medium sized entities (SMEs). The funding of the state aid programs may be comprised of the following 
public funding sources – (i) European Union funds, other foreign financial aid, funding from the state budget as well as (ii) own 
funds of the very implementing body. The financing received for implementation of the programs, i.e. for issuing loans to SMEs, 
is interest free. When the public funding for implementation of the state aid programmes is given with an interest rate below 
the effective market rate, the effect of such favourable interest rate, i.e. the difference between the fair value of the liability 
and proceeds received is treated as income-generating government grant. 
Although a fraction of the public funding of some of the state aid programmes implemented by the Group / Company may 
include the funds from the Group’s / Company’s shareholders and state budget funds, this type of funding is not treated as a 
shareholder’s equity contribution since the amount of the public funding earmarked for implementation of the specific state 
aid programme is received in the capacity of the implementing body of the specific state aid programme chosen as a result 
of public selection and not in the capacity of entity implementing the assignment or instructions of its shareholder.  
Further details on guarantees are disclosed in Notes 13 and 36.  
The funding received from the state can be classified into three categories – equity financing (about guarantees see Notes 2 
(5) item (xviii), 13, 36), loans (see Notes 18, 29) and support programmes funding (see Note 29). 
(xi) Expected losses on credit risk 
State support programmes implemented by the Group / Company are designed according to the market gap to ensure 
access of enterprises and residentials to finance resources in areas that the government has defined as important and to be 
supported, fielding national policy in to the national economy or that access is not sufficient with available financial 
instruments in the market. Expected loss along with programme’s impact, risk assessment, financial feasibility and 
implementation expenses are estimated prior to approval of respective programme at the Cabinet of Ministers.

--- Page 253 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
39 
 
2 Accounting Policies (cont’d) 
(16) Critical accounting estimates and judgements (cont’d) 
(xi) Expected losses on credit risk (cont’d) 
In assessment of expected loss for the programme the Group / Company evaluates incorporated credit risk, operational risk 
and other risks like market risks. For coverage of the programme’s expected loss on credit risk respective portion of public 
funding available for that programme is allocated at full or partial extent of total expected credit loss depending on the 
agreed programme’s structure. That public funding part allocated for the coverage of programme’s expected loss on credit 
risk is transferred to particular support programme reserve capital within the Group’s / Company’s Reserve capital, for example 
Reserve capital for Housing Guarantee Programme (see Note 35), or accounted separately as provisions for risk coverage 
(Risk coverage reserve) classified within the liabilities (see Note 29).  
If public funding classified within Risk coverage reserve for coverage of particular programme’s expected loss on credit risk 
exceeds actual credit loss incurred during the implementation of the programme, then respective excess portion of that public 
funding is repayable according to the terms of programme funding agreement. 
(17) Application of new and/or amended IFRS and the interpretations issued by the International Financial Reporting 
Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) 
Several new standards and interpretations have been published which become effective for the financial reporting periods 
beginning on or after 1 January 2020 (not yet adopted by the European Union: 
▪ Amendments to the Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting 
Effective for the periods beginning on or after 1 January 2020, not yet adopted by the EU. The revised Conceptual 
Framework includes a new chapter on measurement; guidance on reporting financial performance; improved definitions 
and guidance - in particular the definition of a liability; and clarifications in important areas, such as the roles of stewardship, 
prudence and measurement uncertainty in financial reporting. The Group / Company makes assessment on the impact of 
these amendments on its financial statements and disclosures, but does not consider them to have a significant impact on 
its financial results. 
▪ Amendments to IFRS 3 – Definition of a business 
Effective from 1 January 2020, not yet adopted by the EU. The amendments revise definition of a business. A business must 
have inputs and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. The new 
guidance provides a framework to evaluate when an input and a substantive process are present, including for early stage 
companies that have not generated outputs. An organised workforce should be present as a condition for classification 
as a business if are no outputs. The definition of the term 'outputs' is narrowed to focus on goods and services provided to 
customers, generating investment income and other income, and it excludes returns in the form of lower costs and other 
economic benefits. It is also no longer necessary to assess whether market participants are capable of replacing missing 
elements or integrating the acquired activities and assets. An entity can apply a 'concentration test'. The assets acquired 
would not represent a business if substantially all of the fair value of gross assets acquired were concentrated in a single 
asset (or a group of similar assets). The Group / Company makes further assessment on the impact of these amendments. 
The amendments may result in changes in accounting policies but will not have a material effect on the Group’s / 
Company's financial statements. 
▪ Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8 – Definition of materiality  
Effective from 1 January 2020, not yet adopted by the EU. The amendments clarify the definition of material and how it 
should be applied by including in the definition guidance that until now has featured elsewhere in IFRS. In addition, the 
explanations accompanying the definition have been improved. Finally, the amendments ensure that the definition of 
material is consistent across all IFRS Standards. Information is material if omitting, misstating or obscuring it could reasonably 
be expected to influence the decisions that the primary users of general-purpose financial statements make on the basis 
of those financial statements, which provide financial information about a specific reporting entity. The Group / Company 
makes assessment on the impact of these amendments on its financial statements, but does not expect them to have a 
material impact on the Group’s / Company's financial position, by reviewing estimates and judgements used in preparation 
of financial statements.

--- Page 254 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
40 
 
2 Accounting Policies (cont’d) 
(17) Application of new and/or amended IFRS and the interpretations issued by the International Financial Reporting 
Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) (cont’d) 
▪ Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28 – Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture 
These amendments address an inconsistency between the requirements in IFRS 10 and those in IAS 28 in dealing with the 
sale or contribution of assets between an investor and its associate or joint venture. The main consequence of the 
amendments is that a full gain or loss is recognised when a transaction involves a business. A partial gain or loss is recognised 
when a transaction involves assets that do not constitute a business, even if these assets are held by a subsidiary and the 
shares of the subsidiary are transferred during the transaction. The Group / Company makes assessment on the impact of 
these amendments on its financial statements, but does not expect them to have a material impact on the Group’s / 
Company's financial position, by reviewing estimates and judgements used in preparation of financial statements.

--- Page 255 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
41 
 
3 Risk Management 
For risk management, the Group / Company has developed a risk management system that takes into account its size, 
structure and operational characteristics as well as restricted options for management of certain risks. The Group / Company 
manages the risks affecting its operations in compliance with the risk management internal regulatory documents approved 
by the Group / Company that detail and establish the aggregate of measures used in management of the risks inherent to its 
operations.  
The following major risk management principles are followed: 
▪ risk management is a component of every-day functions; 
▪ the Group / Company identifies and assesses the probable risks before launching of new products or services; 
▪ while assuming the risks the companies forming the Group / Company are capable of long-term pursuit of the delegated 
aims and assignments; 
▪ the Group / Company does not enter into transactions, operations, etc. entailing risks that endanger its operational stability 
or may result in substantial damage to its reputation. 
In its risk management the Group / Company makes use of various risk analysis methods and instruments as well as establishes 
risk limits and restrictions. 
The major risks that the Group / Company is exposed to are credit, liquidity and operational risks. 
(1) Credit Risk 
The credit risk is a risk that a customer or cooperation partner of the Group / Company is unable or unwilling to meet its liabilities 
towards the Group / Company in full and within the established term. Since the Group / Company is delegated 
implementation of the state aid programmes, it is mainly exposed to credit risk through its lending, guarantees to the third 
parties and other off-balance liabilities towards the third parties. The Group / Company is also subject to the credit risk due to 
its investment activities. Credit risk also includes concentration risk, which means large individual exposures as well as significant 
exposures to groups of customers or cooperation partners whose probability of default is driven by common underlying factors, 
such as sector, economy or type of instrument. 
(i) 
Credit Risk Governance 
Credit risk governance is set in the Group’s / Company’s Risk Management Policy and Credit Policy: 
▪ The overall risk appetite, decided by the Supervisory Board, is broken down into detailed risk limits and target levels for 
different sectors, geographies and products, but also to certain limits of each customer or cooperation partner and group 
of connected customers or cooperation partners. 
▪ The business units are responsible for the credit operation, including the credit process and the credit risks stemming from 
all customers or cooperation partners within the unit. The business unit shall ensure that all credit risk exposures are assessed, 
decided, administrated, and followed-up according to the credit framework, including establishing an integrated internal 
control of high quality in the credit process. The business unit shall also make sure that the credit risk exposures are in line 
with the Group’s / Company’s strategies, policies, and instructions.  
▪ The Risk Management Department is responsible for independent monitoring and control of credit risk management. The 
primary responsibility of the Risk Management Department is to maintain, develop and monitor the risk limits and the risk 
classification systems. The risk limit framework identifies areas where restrictions need to be set, in order to make sure that 
the portfolios exposed to the credit risk will stay within the decided risk appetite. The Risk Management Department is also 
responsible of controlling compliance to internal credit rules. 
▪ The Internal Audit performs independent periodic reviews of the credit governance and the system of internal control. 
(ii) Credit Risk Assessment and Monitoring 
The key principle of credit risk management in the Group / Company is the ability of the customers or cooperation partners 
to meet their liabilities towards the Group / Company, which is achieved by assessment of the customer and co-operation 
partner prior to transaction, as well as further continuous monitoring and evaluation. 
To maintain a well-diversified credit portfolio with a low-risk profile and to find a favourable balance between risk and return, 
the Group / Company works continuously to understand the customers and their market conditions. When the Group / 
Company considers a credit application, a thorough analysis is performed which includes the customer’s or cooperation 
partner’s capacity and willingness to repay the new credit as well as other credits.

--- Page 256 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
42 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(1) Credit Risk (cont’d) 
(ii) Credit Risk Assessment and Monitoring (cont’d) 
A customer’s or cooperation partner’s cash flow and solvency are always key variables when deciding on credit and the 
Group / Company strives to obtain adequate collateral. 
The risk profile of the portfolios exposed to credit risk is continuously analysed. For portfolio segments and individual customers 
or cooperation partners where the risk of default appears higher, reviews are performed more frequently. If a customer’s or 
cooperation partner’s risk profile has deteriorated, a number of corrective measures are considered and implemented. Each 
business unit is responsible for monitoring signals and conditions that might suggest that the level of credit risk in individual 
exposures has increased. In such situations a series of customised actions should be taken without delay to minimise the 
Group’s / Company’s risk or losses. A special restructuring and recovering unit supports the business units when the risk 
associated with a certain exposure has increased and it provides expertise in managing insolvency and restructuring cases. 
(iii) Credit Risk Mitigation 
The Group/Company reduces its exposure to credit risk by securing a pledge or other collateral adequate to the risk 
transaction and provisions of the target programme. The collateral, its value and risk mitigating effect is considered throughout 
the credit process. The term collateral covers pledges and guarantees. Credits without collateral are mainly granted for small 
loans. Special loan covenants are commonly created which entitle The Group/Company to renegotiate or terminate the 
agreement if the borrower’s repayment capacity deteriorates, or if the covenants are otherwise breached. 
The valuation of collateral is based on a thorough review and analysis of the pledged assets, and is an integrated part in the 
credit risk assessment of the customer. The establishment of the collateral value is part of the credit decision. The value of the 
collateral is reassessed within periodic credit reviews of the borrower and in situations where The Group/Company has reason 
to believe that the value has deteriorated or the exposure has become a problem loan. 
Breakdown of the Group’s loans by internal rating categories, in thousands of euro: 
Internal rating categories 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
G 
H 
Withdrawn 
rating 
Total 
Total gross loans 
 661  
 18 818  
 25 805  
 63 853  
 43 576  
 26 064  
 13 240  
 3 728  
 21 386  
 217 131  
Impairment allowances 
 (3) 
 (94) 
 (520) 
 (4 505) 
 (3 086) 
 (4 256) 
 (3 411) 
 (631) 
 (2 870) 
 (19 376) 
Total net loans as at 31 December 2018 
 658  
 18 724  
 25 285  
 59 348  
 40 490  
 21 808  
 9 829  
 3 097  
 18 516  
 197 755  
Total gross loans 
 166  
 25 773  
 32 949  
 55 825  
 48 562  
 32 890  
 13 785  
 2 905  
 27 557  
 240 412  
Impairment allowances 
 (1) 
 (213) 
 (1 077) 
 (1 912) 
 (3 458) 
 (4 907) 
 (3 680) 
 (850) 
 (4 185) 
 (20 283) 
Total net loans as at 31 December 2019 
 165  
 25 560  
 31 872  
 53 913  
 45 104  
 27 983  
 10 105  
 2 055  
 23 372  
 220 129  
 
Breakdown of the Company’s loans by internal rating categories, in thousands of euro: 
Internal rating categories 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
G 
H 
Withdrawn 
rating 
Total 
Total gross loans 
 661  
 18 818  
 25 805  
 63 853  
 43 576  
 26 064  
 13 240  
 3 728  
 21 104  
 216 849  
Impairment allowances 
 (3) 
 (94) 
 (520) 
 (4 505) 
 (3 086) 
 (4 256) 
 (3 411) 
 (631) 
 (2 870) 
 (19 376) 
Total net loans as at 31 December 2018 
 658  
 18 724  
 25 285  
 59 348  
 40 490  
 21 808  
 9 829  
 3 097  
 18 234  
 197 473  
Total gross loans 
 166  
 25 773  
 32 949  
 55 825  
 48 562  
 32 890  
 13 785  
 2 905  
 27 557  
 240 412  
Impairment allowances 
 (1) 
 (213) 
 (1 077) 
 (1 912) 
 (3 458) 
 (4 907) 
 (3 680) 
 (850) 
 (4 185) 
 (20 283) 
Total net loans as at 31 December 2019 
 165  
 25 560  
 31 872  
 53 913  
 45 104  
 27 983  
 10 105  
 2 055  
 23 372  
 220 129  
 
Breakdown of the Group’s / Company’s issued guarantees by internal rating categories, in thousands of euro: 
Internal rating categories 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
G 
H 
Withdrawn 
rating 
Total 
Total gross outstanding guarantees 
 697  
 16 508  
 43 457  
 39 123  
 28 123  
 11 504  
 1 701  
 52  
 95 730  
 236 895  
Impairment allowances * 
 (23) 
 (1 431) 
 (4 328) 
 (3 344) 
 (2 185) 
 (1 265) 
 (251) 
 (2) 
 (11 315) 
 (24 144) 
Total net outstanding guarantees as at 31 
December 2018 
 674  
 15 077  
 39 129  
 35 779  
 25 938  
 10 239  
 1 450  
 50  
 84 415  
 212 751  
Total gross outstanding guarantees 
 913  
 17 025  
 37 806  
 35 370  
 26 933  
 12 157  
 8 580  
 1 617  
 143 831  
 284 232  
Impairment allowances * 
 (10) 
 (1 405) 
 (3 422) 
 (3 231) 
 (2 213) 
 (2 902) 
 (1 220) 
 (729) 
 (15 475) 
 (30 607) 
Total net outstanding guarantees as at 31 
December 2019 
 903  
 15 620  
 34 384  
 32 139  
 24 720  
 9 255  
 7 360  
 888  
 128 356  
 253 625

--- Page 257 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
43 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(1) Credit Risk (cont’d) 
* The Group / Company uses internal rating for assessment of credit risk to decide on issuing of financial guarantee and for 
further monitoring of credit risk. Internal rating assigned to a guarantee is one of several factors that has been considered 
when the ECL is measured. Impairment allowance for guarantees is recognised as the largest of the ECL and fair value of 
liabilities. 
Breakdown of the Group’s financial assets, off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities by their qualitative assessment, 
in thousands of euro: 
 
 
Stage 1 
 
Stage 2 
 
Stage 3 
 
Total 
 
 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
Financial assets at AC 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due from credit institutions and the 
Treasury 
 181 201  
 137 031  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 181 201  
 137 031  
Impairment allowances 
 (2) 
 (5) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (2) 
 (5) 
Total net due from credit institutions and 
the Treasury 
 181 199  
 137 026  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 181 199  
 137 026  
Investment securities 
 439  
 427  
 -    
 -    
 3 926  
 3 878  
 4 365  
 4 305  
Impairment allowances 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (3 887) 
 (3 838) 
 (3 887) 
 (3 838) 
Total net investment securities 
 439  
 427  
 -    
 -    
 39  
 40  
 478  
 467  
Loans and receivables 
 186 175  
 163 133  
 18 239  
 16 597  
 35 998  
 37 401  
 240 412  
 217 131  
Impairment allowances 
 (2 548) 
 (1 998) 
 (2 646) 
 (2 765) 
 (15 089) 
 (14 613) 
 (20 283) 
 (19 376) 
Total net loans and receivables 
 183 627  
 161 135  
 15 593  
 13 832  
 20 909  
 22 788  
 220 129  
 197 755  
Grants 
 17 186  
 22 575  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 17 186  
 22 575  
Impairment allowances 
  
 (14) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (14) 
Total net grants 
 17 186  
 22 561  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 17 186  
 22 561  
Other financial assets 
 1 830  
 121  
 -    
 -    
 3 341  
 7 653  
 5 171  
 7 774  
Impairment allowances 
 (113) 
 (20) 
 -    
 -    
 (2 769) 
 (6 015) 
 (2 882) 
 (6 035) 
Total net other financial assets 
 1 717  
 101  
 -    
 -    
 572  
 1 638  
 2 289  
 1 739  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Total financial assets at AC 
 386 831  
 323 287  
 18 239  
 16 597  
 43 265  
 48 932  
 448 335  
 388 816  
Impairment allowances 
 (2 663) 
 (2 037) 
 (2 646) 
 (2 765) 
 (21 745) 
 (24 466) 
 (27 054) 
 (29 268) 
Total net financial assets at AC 
 384 168  
 321 250  
 15 593  
 13 832  
 21 520  
 24 466  
 421 281  
 359 548  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Financial assets at FVOCI 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Investment securities 
 47 941  
 50 389  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 47 941  
 50 389  
Impairment allowances 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Total net investment securities 
 47 941  
 50 389  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 47 941  
 50 389  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Total financial assets at FVOCI 
 47 941  
 50 389  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 47 941  
 50 389  
Impairment allowances 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Total net financial assets at FVOCI 
 47 941  
 50 389  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 47 941  
 50 389  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Off-balance sheet items and 
contingent liabilities 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Outstanding guarantees 
 274 989  
 228 081  
 2 098  
 2 496  
 7 145  
 6 318  
 284 232  
 236 895  
Impairment allowances 
 (24 711) 
 (19 018) 
 (356) 
 (472) 
 (5 540) 
 (4 654) 
 (30 607) 
 (24 144) 
Total net outstanding guarantees 
 250 278  
 209 063  
 1 742  
 2 024  
 1 605  
 1 664  
 253 625  
 212 751  
Loan commitments 
 18 867  
 18 201  
 84  
 1 408  
 -    
 2  
 18 951  
 19 611  
Impairment allowances 
 (455) 
 (712) 
 (3) 
 (508) 
 -    
 -    
 (458) 
 (1 220) 
Total net loan commitments 
 18 412  
 17 489  
 81  
 900  
 -    
 2  
 18 493  
 18 391  
Grant commitments 
 7 726  
 7 320  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 7 726  
 7 320  
Impairment allowances 
 (11) 
 (9) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (11) 
 (9) 
Total net grant commitments 
 7 715  
 7 311  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 7 715  
 7 311  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Total off-balance items and contingent 
liabilities 
 301 582  
 253 602  
 2 182  
 3 904  
 7 145  
 6 320  
 310 909  
 263 826  
Impairment allowances 
 (25 177) 
 (19 739) 
 (359) 
 (980) 
 (5 540) 
 (4 654) 
 (31 076) 
 (25 373) 
Total net off-balance items and 
contingent liabilities 
 276 405  
 233 863  
 1 823  
 2 924  
 1 605  
 1 666  
 279 833  
 238 453

--- Page 258 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
44 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(1) Credit Risk (cont’d) 
Breakdown of the Company’s financial assets, off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities by their qualitative 
assessment, in thousands of euro: 
 
 
Stage 1 
 
Stage 2 
 
Stage 3 
 
Total 
 
 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
Financial assets at AC 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due from credit institutions and the 
Treasury 
 181 049  
 136 651  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 181 049  
 136 651  
Impairment allowances 
 (2) 
 (5) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (2) 
 (5) 
Total net due from credit institutions and 
the Treasury 
 181 047  
 136 646  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 181 047  
 136 646  
Investment securities 
 439  
 427  
 -    
 -    
 3 926  
 3 878  
 4 365  
 4 305  
Impairment allowances 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (3 887) 
 (3 838) 
 (3 887) 
 (3 838) 
Total net investment securities 
 439  
 427  
 -    
 -    
 39  
 40  
 478  
 467  
Loans and receivables 
 186 175  
 162 851  
 18 239  
 16 597  
 35 998  
 37 401  
 240 412  
 216 849  
Impairment allowances 
 (2 548) 
 (1 998) 
 (2 646) 
 (2 765) 
 (15 089) 
 (14 613) 
 (20 283) 
 (19 376) 
Total net loans and receivables 
 183 627  
 160 853  
 15 593  
 13 832  
 20 909  
 22 788  
 220 129  
 197 473  
Grants 
 17 186  
 22 575  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 17 186  
 22 575  
Impairment allowances 
 -    
 (14) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (14) 
Total net grants 
 17 186  
 22 561  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 17 186  
 22 561  
Other financial assets 
 1 830  
 121  
 -    
 -    
 3 341  
 7 653  
 5 171  
 7 774  
Impairment allowances 
 (113) 
 (20) 
 -    
 -    
 (2 769) 
 (6 015) 
 (2 882) 
 (6 035) 
Total net other financial assets 
 1 717  
 101  
 -    
 -    
 572  
 1 638  
 2 289  
 1 739  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Total financial assets at AC 
 386 679  
 322 625  
 18 239  
 16 597  
 43 265  
 48 932  
 448 183  
 388 154  
Impairment allowances 
 (2 663) 
 (2 037) 
 (2 646) 
 (2 765) 
 (21 745) 
 (24 466) 
 (27 054) 
 (29 268) 
Total net financial assets at AC 
 384 016  
 320 588  
 15 593  
 13 832  
 21 520  
 24 466  
 421 129  
 358 886  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Financial assets at FVOCI 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Investment securities 
 47 941  
 50 389  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 47 941  
 50 389  
Impairment allowances 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Total net investment securities 
 47 941  
 50 389  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 47 941  
 50 389  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Total financial assets at FVOCI 
 47 941  
 50 389  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 47 941  
 50 389  
Impairment allowances 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Total net financial assets at FVOCI 
 47 941  
 50 389  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 47 941  
 50 389  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Off-balance sheet items and 
contingent liabilities 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Outstanding guarantees 
 274 989  
 228 081  
 2 098  
 2 496  
 7 145  
 6 318  
 284 232  
 236 895  
Impairment allowances 
 (24 711) 
 (19 018) 
 (356) 
 (472) 
 (5 540) 
 (4 654) 
 (30 607) 
 (24 144) 
Total net outstanding guarantees 
 250 278  
 209 063  
 1 742  
 2 024  
 1 605  
 1 664  
 253 625  
 212 751  
Loan commitments 
 18 867  
 18 201  
 84  
 1 408  
 -    
 2  
 18 951  
 19 611  
Impairment allowances 
 (455) 
 (712) 
 (3) 
 (508) 
 -    
 -    
 (458) 
 (1 220) 
Total net loan commitments 
 18 412  
 17 489  
 81  
 900  
 -    
 2  
 18 493  
 18 391  
Grant commitments 
 7 726  
 7 320  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 7 726  
 7 320  
Impairment allowances 
 (11) 
 (9) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (11) 
 (9) 
Total net grant commitments 
 7 715  
 7 311  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 7 715  
 7 311  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Total off-balance items and contingent 
liabilities 
 301 582  
 253 602  
 2 182  
 3 904  
 7 145  
 6 320  
 310 909  
 263 826  
Impairment allowances 
 (25 177) 
 (19 739) 
 (359) 
 (980) 
 (5 540) 
 (4 654) 
 (31 076) 
 (25 373) 
Total net off-balance items and 
contingent liabilities 
 276 405  
 233 863  
 1 823  
 2 924  
 1 605  
 1 666  
 279 833  
 238 453

--- Page 259 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
45 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(1) Credit Risk (cont’d) 
Changes in the Group’s credit loss allowance and gross carrying amount for loans, in thousands of euro: 
 
 
Credit loss allowance 
Gross carrying amount 
 
Stage 1 
(12-
months 
ECL) 
Stage 2 
(lifetime 
ECL for 
SICR) 
Stage 3 
(lifetime 
ECL for 
credit 
impaired) 
Total 
Stage 1 
(12-
months 
ECL) 
Stage 2 
(lifetime 
ECL for 
SICR) 
Stage 3 
(lifetime 
ECL for 
credit 
impaired) 
Total 
As at 31 December 2018 
 1 998  
 2 765  
 14 613  
 19 376  
 163 133  
 16 597  
 37 401  
 217 131  
Movements with impact on credit loss 
allowance charge for the period: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Transfers between stages: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
to lifetime (from Stage 1 to Stage 2) 
 (82) 
 295  
 -    
 213  
 (7 991) 
 6 790  
 -    
 (1 201) 
to credit impaired (from Stage 1 and Stage 2 
to Stage 3) 
 (567) 
 (239) 
 2 264  
 1 458  
 (7 024) 
 (2 683) 
 8 035  
 (1 672) 
to lifetime (from Stage 3 to Stage 2) 
 -    
 228  
 (1 109) 
 (881) 
 -    
 2 679  
 (3 225) 
 (546) 
to 12-months ECL (from Stage 2 and Stage 3 
to Stage 1) 
 271  
 (771) 
 (25) 
 (525) 
 5 454  
 (6 289) 
 (95) 
 (930) 
New originated or purchased 
 661  
 27  
 1 371  
 2 059  
 57 508  
 886  
 2 486  
 60 880  
Derecognised during the period 
 (41) 
 (7) 
 (1 843) 
 (1 891) 
 (7 612) 
 (391) 
 (4 669) 
 (12 672) 
Changes to ECL measurement model 
assumptions 
 266  
 90  
 48  
 404  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Other movements 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 945  
 89  
 218  
 1 252  
Total movements with impact on credit loss 
allowance charge for the period: 
 508  
 (377) 
 706  
 837  
 41 280  
 1 081  
 2 750  
 45 111  
Movements without impact on credit loss 
allowance charge for the period: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Write-offs 
 -    
 -    
 (1 989) 
 (1 989) 
 -    
 -    
 (1 989) 
 (1 989) 
Foreign exchange gains and losses and 
other movements 
 -    
 -    
 1  
 1  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Modification of contractual cash flows 
 42  
 258  
 1 758  
 2 058  
 (18 238) 
 561  
 (2 164) 
 (19 841) 
Total movements without impact on credit 
loss allowance charge for the period: 
 42  
 258  
 (230) 
 70  
 (18 238) 
 561  
 (4 153) 
 (21 830) 
As at 31 December 2019 
 2 548  
 2 646  
 15 089  
 20 283  
 186 175  
 18 239  
 35 998  
 240 412  
 
Changes in the Company’s credit loss allowance and gross carrying amount for loans, in thousands of euro: 
 
 
Credit loss allowance 
Gross carrying amount 
 
Stage 1 
(12-
months 
ECL) 
Stage 2 
(lifetime 
ECL for 
SICR) 
Stage 3 
(lifetime 
ECL for 
credit 
impaired) 
Total 
Stage 1 
(12-
months 
ECL) 
Stage 2 
(lifetime 
ECL for 
SICR) 
Stage 3 
(lifetime 
ECL for 
credit 
impaired) 
Total 
As at 31 December 2018 
 1 998  
 2 765  
 14 613  
 19 376  
 162 851  
 16 597  
 37 401  
 216 849  
Movements with impact on credit loss 
allowance charge for the period: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Transfers between stages: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
to lifetime (from Stage 1 to Stage 2) 
 (82) 
 295  
 -    
 213  
 (7 991) 
 6 790  
 -    
 (1 201) 
to credit impaired (from Stage 1 and Stage 2 
to Stage 3) 
 (567) 
 (239) 
 2 264  
 1 458  
 (7 024) 
 (2 683) 
 8 035  
 (1 672) 
to lifetime (from Stage 3 to Stage 2) 
 -    
 228  
 (1 109) 
 (881) 
 -    
 2 679  
 (3 225) 
 (546) 
to 12-months ECL (from Stage 2 and Stage 3 
to Stage 1) 
 271  
 (771) 
 (25) 
 (525) 
 5 454  
 (6 289) 
 (95) 
 (930) 
New originated or purchased 
 661  
 27  
 1 371  
 2 059  
 57 508  
 886  
 2 486  
 60 880  
Derecognised during the period 
 (41) 
 (7) 
 (1 843) 
 (1 891) 
 (7 612) 
 (391) 
 (4 669) 
 (12 672) 
Changes to ECL measurement model 
assumptions 
 266  
 90  
 48  
 404  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Other movements 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 942  
 98  
 213  
 1 253  
Total movements with impact on credit loss 
allowance charge for the period: 
 508  
 (377) 
 706  
 837  
 41 277  
 1 090  
 2 745  
 45 112  
Movements without impact on credit loss 
allowance charge for the period: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Write-offs 
 -    
 -    
 (1 989) 
 (1 989) 
 -    
 -    
 (1 989) 
 (1 989) 
Foreign exchange gains and losses and 
other movements 
 -    
 -    
 1  
 1  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Modification of contractual cash flows 
 42  
 258  
 1 758  
 2 058  
 (17 953) 
 552  
 (2 159) 
 (19 560) 
Total movements without impact on credit 
loss allowance charge for the period: 
 42  
 258  
 (230) 
 70  
 (17 953) 
 552  
 (4 148) 
 (21 549) 
As at 31 December 2019 
 2 548  
 2 646  
 15 089  
 20 283  
 186 175  
 18 239  
 35 998  
 240 412

--- Page 260 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
46 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(1) Credit Risk (cont’d) 
Changes in the Group’s / Company’s credit loss allowance and gross carrying amount for outstanding guarantees, in 
thousands of euro: 
 
 
Credit loss allowance 
Gross carrying amount 
 
Stage 1 
(12-
months 
ECL) 
Stage 2 
(lifetime 
ECL for 
SICR) 
Stage 3 
(lifetime 
ECL for 
credit 
impaired) 
Total 
Stage 1 
(12-
months 
ECL) 
Stage 2 
(lifetime 
ECL for 
SICR) 
Stage 3 
(lifetime 
ECL for 
credit 
impaired) 
Total 
As at 31 December 2018 
 19 018  
 472  
 4 654  
 24 144  
 228 081  
 2 496  
 6 318  
 236 895  
Movements with impact on credit loss 
allowance charge for the period: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Transfers between stages: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
to lifetime (from Stage 1 to Stage 2) 
 (79) 
 72  
 -    
 (7) 
 (1 728) 
 1 692  
 -    
 (36) 
to credit impaired (from Stage 1 and Stage 2 
to Stage 3) 
 (52) 
 (375) 
 2 497  
 2 070  
 (1 688) 
 (1 250) 
 3 738  
 800  
to lifetime (from Stage 3 to Stage 2) 
 -    
 254  
 (293) 
 (39) 
 -    
 318  
 (318) 
 -    
to 12-months ECL (from Stage 2 and Stage 3 
to Stage 1) 
 82  
 (61) 
 -    
 21  
 721  
 (914) 
 -    
 (193) 
New originated or purchased 
 7 161  
 -    
 275  
 7 436  
 86 852  
 -    
 414  
 87 266  
Derecognised during the period 
 (938) 
 (2) 
 (529) 
 (1 469) 
 (25 354) 
 (24) 
 (880) 
 (26 258) 
Changes to ECL measurement model 
assumptions 
 1 902  
 12  
 281  
 2 195  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Other movements 
 (12) 
 -    
 (1 426) 
 (1 438) 
 (1 336) 
 -    
 (2 092) 
 (3 428) 
Total movements with impact on credit loss 
allowance charge for the period: 
 8 064  
 (100) 
 805  
 8 769  
 57 467  
 (178) 
 862  
 58 151  
Movements without impact on credit loss 
allowance charge for the period: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Foreign exchange gains and losses and 
other movements 
 -    
 -    
 (2) 
 (2) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Modification of contractual cash flows 
 (2 371) 
 (16) 
 83  
 (2 304) 
 (10 559) 
 (220) 
 (35) 
 (10 814) 
Total movements without impact on credit 
loss allowance charge for the period: 
 (2 371) 
 (16) 
 81  
 (2 306) 
 (10 559) 
 (220) 
 (35) 
 (10 814) 
As at 31 December 2019 
 24 711  
 356  
 5 540  
 30 607  
 274 989  
 2 098  
 7 145  
 284 232  
 
Aging analysis of the loans issued by the Group / Company, without accrued interest, in thousands of euro: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
Performing  
 208 666  
 178 557  
 208 666  
 178 275  
Past due up to 30 days  
 14 193  
 17 565  
 14 193  
 17 565  
Past due from 31 to 60 days  
 2 278  
 3 012  
 2 278  
 3 012  
Past due from 61 to 90 days  
 230  
 618  
 230  
 618  
Past due over 90 days 
 15 045  
 17 379  
 15 045  
 17 379  
Total gross loans, without interest accrued on the loans  
 240 412  
 217 131  
 240 412  
 216 849  
Impairment allowances 
 (20 283) 
 (19 376) 
 (20 283) 
 (19 376) 
Total net loans 
 220 129  
 197 755  
 220 129  
 197 473  
 
The Group / Company has performed sensitivity analysis of the Group’s / Company’s credit loss allowance for loans and 
outstanding guarantees using two macro-economic factors in assessment of the ECL – change in real estate prices and 
change in GDP. 
For the purpose of sensitivity analysis, the Group / Company applied the following upward and downward scenarios: 
▪ the 1st year projected real estate prices were adjusted by +/- 5% and this adjustment was applied to (a) the LGD used to 
calculate the ECL for collectively assessed loans and (b) collateral value used to calculate ECL for individually assessed 
loans; 
▪ the 1st year projected GDP were adjusted by +/- 1% and this adjustment was applied to the marginal PD used to calculate 
the ECL for both collectively assessed loans and individually assessed loans.

--- Page 261 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
47 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(1) Credit Risk (cont’d) 
Results of the Group’s / Company’s sensitivity analysis of the Group’s / Company’s credit loss allowance for loans as at 31 
December 2019, thousands of euro: 
 
 
Change in GDP 
Change in real estate prices 
 
Gross carrying 
amount 
+ 1% 
 
- 1% 
 
+ 5% 
 
- 5% 
 
Credit loss allowance for loans 
 20 283  
 (334) 
 346  
 (415) 
 341  
Total credit loss allowance for loans  
 20 283  
 (334) 
 346  
 (415) 
 341  
Results of the Group’s / Company’s sensitivity analysis of the Group’s / Company’s credit loss allowance for loans as at 31 
December 2018, thousands of euro: 
 
 
Change in GDP 
Change in real estate prices 
 
Gross carrying 
amount 
+ 1% 
 
- 1% 
 
+ 5% 
 
- 5% 
 
Credit loss allowance for loans 
 14 426  
 (132) 
 142  
 (258) 
 343  
Total credit loss allowance for loans  
 14 426  
 (132) 
 142  
 (258) 
 343  
Results of the Group’s / Company’s sensitivity analysis of the Group’s / Company’s credit loss allowance for outstanding 
guarantees as at 31 December 2019, thousands of euro: 
 
 
Change in GDP 
Change in real estate prices 
 
Gross carrying 
amount 
+ 1% 
 
- 1% 
 
+ 5% 
 
- 5% 
 
Credit loss allowance for outstanding guarantees 
 30 607  
 (4) 
 5  
 (214) 
 215  
Total credit loss allowance for loans  
 30 607  
 (4) 
 5  
 (214) 
 215  
Results of the Group’s / Company’s sensitivity analysis of the Group’s / Company’s credit loss allowance for outstanding 
guarantees as at 31 December 2018, thousands of euro: 
 
 
Change in GDP 
Change in real estate prices 
 
Gross carrying 
amount 
+ 1% 
 
- 1% 
 
+ 5% 
 
- 5% 
 
Credit loss allowance for outstanding guarantees 
 10 982  
 (9) 
 9  
 (96) 
 96  
Total credit loss allowance for loans  
 10 982  
 (9) 
 9  
 (96) 
 96  
In calculating the ECL due to default on loan principal or interest payments or other loss events the following is taken into 
account collateral, including real estate and commercial pledges measured at market value. The value of collateral is based 
on the valuations performed by independent valuers. 
Information on the value of collateral assessed at fair value and position against net loan portfolio, in thousands of euro : 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
Real estate (loans) 
 155 057  
 155 299  
 155 057  
 155 299  
Real estate (leaseback) 
 14 774  
 6 923  
 14 774  
 6 923  
Movable property 
 25 659  
 22 273  
 25 659  
 22 273  
Guarantees  
 1 672  
 305  
 1 672  
 305  
Total collateral 
 197 162  
 184 800  
 197 162  
 184 800  
Loan portfolio, gross  
 240 412  
 217 131  
 240 412  
 216 849  
Impairment allowances 
 (20 283) 
 (19 376) 
 (20 283) 
 (19 376) 
Loan portfolio, net 
 220 129  
 197 755  
 220 129  
 197 473  
Exposed 
10.43% 
6.55% 
10.43% 
6.42%

--- Page 262 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
48 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(1) Credit Risk (cont’d) 
The Group’s / Company’s maximum credit risk exposures of the balance and off-balance sheet items (not including collateral 
held or other security), in thousands of euro: 
 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
Assets exposed to credit risk 
  
  
  
  
Due from credit institutions and the Treasury 
 181 199  
 137 026  
 181 047  
 136 646  
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income - 
investment securities 
 47 941  
 50 389  
 47 941  
 50 389  
Financial assets at amortised cost: 
  
  
  
  
Investment securities 
 478  
 467  
 478  
 467  
Loans and receivables 
 220 129  
 197 755  
 220 129  
 197 473  
Grants 
 17 186  
 22 561  
 17 186  
 22 561  
Investments in venture capital funds 
 52 543  
 50 239  
 52 543  
 50 239  
Other assets 
 3 067  
 1 739  
 3 067  
 1 739  
Total 
 522 543  
 460 176  
 522 391  
 459 514  
Off-balance sheet items exposed to credit risk 
  
  
  
  
Contingent liabilities (Note 16) 
 284 232  
 236 895  
 284 232  
 236 895  
Financial commitments (Note 16)  
 97 174  
 87 189  
 110 645  
 87 189  
Total 
 381 406  
 324 084  
 394 877  
 324 084  
As at 31 December 2019, part of the Group’s / Company’s assets in amount of EUR 117,222 thsd (31 December 2018: EUR 
76,402 thousand) were pledged. Detailed information on the Group’s / Company’s outstanding loan agreement as at 31 
December 2019 is provided in Note 27 and Note 28. 
Loans are secured mostly by real estate, to a lesser extent – by other types of assets or commercial pledges. Some loans, 
granted during lending campaigns, are partially covered by guarantees under the State aid programmes. In estimating the 
loan impairment, the expected cash flows from collateral are taken into account. 
State Budget 2019 Law article 49 provides that guarantees issued by Altum in amount of EUR 270 000 thousand is backed by 
the state according to Agriculture and Rural Development Law and Development Finance Institution Law (2018: cap – EUR 
270 000 thousand, actual issued EUR 250 144 thousand).   
Impact of the transition to IFRS 9 on impairment losses 
On 1 January 2018, the Group / Company adopted the requirements of IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments” with respect to the 
recognition and measurement of financial instruments. As at 1 January 2018, the impact of transition from IAS 39 and IAS 37 to 
IFRS 9 was a decrease in equity of EUR 1,667 thousand, arising from additional impairment allowances.  
The Group’s/Company’s total impairment due to credit losses as at 1 January 2018 was EUR 56,158 thousand (as of 31 
December 2017: EUR 43,760 thousand), which comprised EUR 29,011 thousand (as of 31 December 2017: EUR 4,753 thousand) 
impairment from Risk Coverage reserve (part of Support programme funding recognised as liabilities due to the government 
and the EU funds) and EUR 27,148 thousand (as of 31 December 2017: EUR 39,007 thousand) impairment applied to the Group 
/ Company. 
On 31 December 2017, total impairment due to credit losses applied to the Group / Company of EUR 39,007 consisted of 
credit losses EUR 30,463 thousand measured according to IAS 39 and credit losses EUR 8,544 measured according to IAS 37, 
while on 1 January 2018, total impairment due to credit losses applied to the Group/Company consisted of credit losses 
measured only according to IFRS 9. 
(2) Liquidity Risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group / Company is unable to meet its contractual or contingent obligations,  that it does not 
have the appropriate amount of funding and liquidity to support its assets or, in case of necessity, the resources might not be 
available to it on the market, and/or it might be unable to dispose of positions without considerable losses and in a short period 
of time to ensure the necessary liquidity. 
The objective of liquidity risk management is to maintain liquid assets of sufficient size and quality, as well as to attract financing 
with appropriate maturity structure, which ensures timely fulfilment of liabilities as well as planned increase of assets.

--- Page 263 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
49 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(2) Liquidity Risk (cont’d) 
The Group / Company implements a prudent liquidity risk management policy. Consequently, the focus of liquidity 
management is on balancing of existing and planned portfolio under each support programmes and the amount and timing 
of funding available for their implementation. 
Given that the repayment term for funding under the support programmes can be extended in accordance with the Cabinet 
of Ministers regulations, this means in practice that this funding remains on the Group’s / Company's balance sheet and that 
funding is reallocated to new programmes. 
The Risk and Asset-Liabilities Management Committee is responsible for the monitoring and management of liquidity risk in 
accordance with the Group's / Company's Resource Management Strategy and the Group's / Company's Risk Management 
Strategy. 
In 2Q 2019 the Company's management decided in more detail reflect the maturity profile of expected undiscounted future 
cash flow of the Group's / Company's financial liabilities, off-balance liabilities and liquid assets, splitting the maturity profile 
into smaller maturity bands. Thereby ensuring a better overview and transparency of the expected undiscounted future cash 
flow of the Group's / Company's financial liabilities, off-balance liabilities and liquid assets especially in further time periods. 
Comparative information for 2018 was not restated, as no such split was available at that point in time and no reliable data 
can be obtained. 
Maturity profile of the Group’s expected undiscounted future cash flows of financial liabilities, off-balance liabilities and liquid 
assets as at 31 December 2019, in thousands of euro: 
 
Up to 1 year   
1 to 5 years 
5 to 10 years 
10 to 15 
years 
Over 15 
years and 
w/o maturity 
Total 
Due to credit institutions 
 8 761  
 20 828  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 29 589  
Due to general governments 
 32  
 2 138  
 6 756  
 -    
 77 396  
 86 322  
Issued debt securities 
 667  
 21 820  
 25 195  
 -    
 -    
 47 682  
Support programme funding 
 -    
 18 878  
 22 822  
 55 420  
 31 610  
 128 730  
Other liabilities 
 2 079  
 707  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2 786  
Total financial liabilities  
 11 539  
 64 371  
 54 773  
 55 420  
 109 006  
 295 109  
Off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities * 
 322 869  
 43 003  
 15 509  
 -    
 -    
 381 381  
Total financial liabilities, off-balance items and contingent 
liabilities 
 334 408  
 107 374  
 70 282  
 55 420  
 109 006  
 676 490  
Due from credit institutions and the Treasury 
 181 199  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 181 199  
Investment securities 
 10 904  
 26 739  
 10 776  
 -    
 -    
 48 419  
Liquid assets 
 192 103  
 26 739  
 10 776  
 -    
 -    
 229 618  
 
* According to IAS 7 “Financial Instruments: Disclosures” requirements the major part of the guarantee portfolio issued by the Group has been classified within maturity 
“Up to 1 year” thus Total financial liabilities, off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities substantially exceeds Liquid assets with maturity of “Up to 1 year”. Track 
records of claimed guarantee compensations presents that the volume of guarantees claimed within such terms are considerably less than the amount of the 
commitment disclosed in the above maturity analyses. As a consequence, the liquidity of the Group is not deteriorated.

--- Page 264 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
50 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(2) Liquidity Risk (cont’d) 
Maturity profile of the Group’s expected undiscounted future cash flows of financial liabilities, off-balance liabilities and liquid 
assets as at 31 December 2018, in thousands of euro: 
 
Up to 1 year   
1 to 5 years 
Over 5 years 
and w/o 
maturity 
Total 
Due to credit institutions 
 8 831  
 26 700  
 3 143  
 38 674  
Due to general governments 
 191  
 764  
 51 406  
 52 361  
Issued debt securities 
 390  
 21 950  
 10 130  
 32 470  
Support programme funding 
 -    
 -    
 126 959  
 126 959  
Other liabilities 
 -    
 -    
 2 706  
 2 706  
Total financial liabilities  
 9 412  
 49 414  
 194 344  
 253 170  
Off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities * 
 281 126  
 38 000  
 4 958  
 324 084  
Total financial liabilities, off-balance items and contingent 
liabilities 
 290 538  
 87 414  
 199 302  
 577 254  
Due from credit institutions and the Treasury 
 137 026  
 -    
 -    
 137 026  
Investment securities 
 1 696  
 38 839  
 10 321  
 50 856  
Liquid assets 
 138 722  
 38 839  
 10 321  
 187 882  
 
* According to IAS 7 “Financial Instruments: Disclosures” requirements the major part of the guarantee portfolio issued by the Group has been classified within maturity 
“Up to 1 year” thus Total financial liabilities, off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities substantially exceeds Liquid assets with maturity of “Up to 1 year”. Track 
records of claimed guarantee compensations presents that the volume of guarantees claimed within such terms are considerably less than the amount of the 
commitment disclosed in the above maturity analyses. As a consequence, the liquidity of the Group is not deteriorated. 
 
Maturity profile of the Company’s expected undiscounted future cash flows of financial liabilities, off-balance liabilities and 
liquid assets as at 31 December 2019, in thousands of euro: 
 
Up to 1 year   
1 to 5 years 
5 to 10 years 
10 to 15 
years 
Over 15 
years and 
w/o maturity 
Total 
Due to credit institutions 
 8 761  
 20 828  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 29 589  
Due to general governments 
 32  
 2 138  
 6 756  
 -    
 77 396  
 86 322  
Issued debt securities 
 667  
 21 820  
 25 195  
 -    
 -    
 47 682  
Support programme funding 
 -    
 18 878  
 22 822  
 55 420  
 31 610  
 128 730  
Other liabilities 
 2 079  
 694  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2 773  
Total financial liabilities  
 11 539  
 64 358  
 54 773  
 55 420  
 109 006  
 295 096  
Off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities * 
 325 159  
 51 220  
 18 473  
 -    
 -    
 394 852  
Total financial liabilities, off-balance items and contingent 
liabilities 
 336 698  
 115 578  
 73 246  
 55 420  
 109 006  
 689 948  
Due from credit institutions and the Treasury 
 181 047  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 181 047  
Investment securities 
 10 904  
 26 739  
 10 776  
 -    
 -    
 48 419  
Liquid assets 
 191 951  
 26 739  
 10 776  
 -    
 -    
 229 466  
 
* According to IAS 7 “Financial Instruments: Disclosures” requirements the major part of the guarantee portfolio issued by the Group has been classified within maturity 
“Up to 1 year” thus Total financial liabilities, off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities substantially exceeds Liquid assets with maturity of “Up to 1 year”. Track 
records of claimed guarantee compensations presents that the volume of guarantees claimed within such terms are considerably less than the amount of the 
commitment disclosed in the above maturity analyses. As a consequence, the liquidity of the Group is not deteriorated.

--- Page 265 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
51 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(2) Liquidity Risk (cont’d) 
Maturity profile of the Company’s expected undiscounted future cash flows of financial liabilities, off-balance liabilities and 
liquid assets as at 31 December 2018, in thousands of euro: 
 
Up to 1 year   
1 to 5 years 
Over 5 years 
and w/o 
maturity 
Total 
Due to credit institutions 
 8 831  
 26 700  
 3 143  
 38 674  
Due to general governments 
 191  
 764  
 51 406  
 52 361  
Issued debt securities 
 390  
 21 950  
 10 130  
 32 470  
Support programme funding 
 -    
 -    
 126 959  
 126 959  
Other liabilities 
 -    
 -    
 2 643  
 2 643  
Total financial liabilities  
 9 412  
 49 414  
 194 281  
 253 107  
Off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities * 
 281 126  
 38 000  
 4 958  
 324 084  
Total financial liabilities, off-balance items and contingent 
liabilities 
 290 538  
 87 414  
 199 239  
 577 191  
Due from credit institutions and the Treasury 
 136 646  
 -    
 -    
 136 646  
Investment securities 
 1 696  
 38 839  
 10 321  
 50 856  
Liquid assets 
 138 342  
 38 839  
 10 321  
 187 502  
 
* According to IAS 7 “Financial Instruments: Disclosures” requirements the major part of the guarantee portfolio issued by the Group has been classified within maturity 
“Up to 1 year” thus Total financial liabilities, off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities substantially exceeds Liquid assets with maturity of “Up to 1 year”. Track 
records of claimed guarantee compensations presents that the volume of guarantees claimed within such terms are considerably less than the amount of the 
commitment disclosed in the above maturity analyses. As a consequence, the liquidity of the Group is not deteriorated. 
 
Breakdown of the Group’s assets and liabilities by maturity profile as at 31 December 2019 based on the time remaining from 
the reporting date to their contractual maturity, in thousands of euro: 
  
Up to 1 
month  
1 to 3 months  
3 to 6 months  
6 to 12 
months  
1 to 5 years  
Over 5 years 
and w/o 
maturity 
Total 
Assets 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due from credit institutions and the 
Treasury 
 176 197  
 -    
 2 001  
 3 001  
 -    
 -    
 181 199  
Financial assets at fair value through profit 
or loss 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 4 217  
 4 217  
Investment securities 
 90  
 1 149  
 1  
 9 664  
 26 739  
 10 776  
 48 419  
Loans  
 11 296  
 9 812  
 8 897  
 20 732  
 94 055  
 75 337  
 220 129  
Grants 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 13 792  
 3 394  
 17 186  
Deferred expense and accrued income 
 2 343  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2 343  
Investments in venture capital funds 
 1 508  
 -    
 7 051  
 -    
 27 236  
 16 748  
 52 543  
Investment property 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 22 582  
 1 784  
 24 366  
Property, plant and equipment 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 4 694  
 4 694  
Intangible assets 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1 395  
 1 395  
Other assets 
 1 746  
 -    
 -    
 560  
 1 264  
 -    
 3 570  
Total assets 
 193 180  
 10 961  
 17 950  
 33 957  
 185 668  
 118 345  
 560 061  
Liabilities  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due to credit institutions 
 -    
 4 375  
 -    
 4 339  
 20 828  
 -    
 29 542  
Financial assets at fair value through profit 
or loss – derivatives 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Due to general governments  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2 118  
 84 154  
 86 272  
Issued debt securities 
 -    
 269  
 -    
 58  
 20 013  
 25 008  
 45 348  
Deferred income and accrued expense 
 361  
 259  
 303  
 582  
 1 379  
 685  
 3 569  
Provisions  
 31 076  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 31 076  
Support programme funding 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 18 878  
 109 852  
 128 730  
Other liabilities 
 2 060  
 -    
 -    
 19  
 707  
 -    
 2 786  
Total liabilities 
 33 497  
 4 903  
 303  
 4 998  
 63 923  
 219 699  
 327 323  
Net liquidity 
 159 683  
 6 058  
 17 647  
 28 959  
 121 745  
 (101 354) 
 232 738  
 
* With regard to loans and advances to customers, the Group uses the same basis of expected repayment behaviour as used for estimating the effective interest rate. 
Investments in securities reflect their contractual coupon amortisations

--- Page 266 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
52 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(2) Liquidity Risk (cont’d) 
Breakdown of the Group’s assets and liabilities by maturity profile as at 31 December 2018 based on the time remaining from 
the reporting date to their contractual maturity, in thousands of euro: 
  
Up to 1 
month  
1 to 3 months  
3 to 6 months  
6 to 12 
months  
1 to 5 years  
Over 5 years 
and w/o 
maturity 
Total 
Assets 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due from credit institutions and the 
Treasury 
 123 824  
 8 202  
 -     
 5 000  
 -     
 -     
 137 026  
Financial assets at fair value through profit 
or loss 
  -  
 -  
 -   
  -  
  -  
 1 160  
 1 160  
Investment securities 
 96  
 1 270  
 71  
 260  
 38 866  
 10 293  
 50 856  
Loans  
 10 224  
 8 387  
 7 779  
 18 886  
 85 664  
 66 815  
 197 755  
Grants 
 2  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 974  
 21 585  
 22 561  
Deferred expense and accrued income 
 158  
 -     
 -     
 1 703  
 211  
 -    
 2 072  
Assets held for sale 
 11 343  
 -     
 -     
 -     
 -     
 -     
 11 343  
Investments in venture capital funds 
 746  
 -     
 -     
 -     
 38 505  
 10 988  
 50 239  
Investment property 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 12 747  
 2 047  
 14 794  
Property, plant and equipment 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 4 228  
 4 228  
Intangible assets 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1 347  
 1 347  
Other assets 
 265  
 -    
 -    
 652  
 1 641  
 -     
 2 558  
Total assets 
 146 658  
 17 859  
 7 850  
 26 501  
 178 608  
 118 463  
 495 939  
Liabilities  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due to credit institutions 
 -     
 4 398  
 -     
 4 333  
 26 389  
 3 125  
 38 245  
Financial assets at fair value through profit 
or loss – derivatives 
 2  
 -     
 -     
 -     
 -     
 -     
 2  
Due to general governments  
 -     
 1  
 -     
 -     
 -     
 48 109  
 48 110  
Issued debt securities 
 109  
 -     
 -     
 -     
 -     
 29 834  
 29 943  
Deferred income and accrued expense 
 970  
 185  
 228  
 253  
 789  
 586  
 3 011  
Provisions  
 25 103  
 -     
 -     
 270  
 -     
 -     
 25 373  
Support programme funding 
 34 052  
 -     
 206  
 -     
 11 883  
 80 818  
 126 959  
Other liabilities 
 2 706  
 -     
 -     
 -     
 -     
 -     
 2 706  
Total liabilities 
 62 942  
 4 584  
 434  
 4 856  
 39 061  
 162 472  
 274 349  
Net liquidity 
 83 716  
 13 275  
 7 416  
 21 645  
 139 547  
 (44 009) 
 221 590  
 
* With regard to loans and advances to customers, the Group uses the same basis of expected repayment behaviour as used for estimating the effective interest rate. 
Investments in securities reflect their contractual coupon amortisations

--- Page 267 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
53 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(2) Liquidity Risk (cont’d) 
Breakdown of the Company’s assets and liabilities by maturity profile as at 31 December 2019 based on the time remaining 
from the reporting date to their contractual maturity, in thousands of euro: 
  
Up to 1 
month  
1 to 3 months  
3 to 6 months  
6 to 12 
months  
1 to 5 years  
Over 5 years 
and w/o 
maturity 
Total 
Assets 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due from credit institutions and the 
Treasury 
 176 045  
 -    
 2 001  
 3 001  
 -    
 -    
 181 047  
Financial assets at fair value through profit 
or loss 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Investment securities 
 90  
 1 149  
 1  
 9 664  
 26 739  
 10 776  
 48 419  
Loans  
 11 296  
 9 812  
 8 897  
 20 732  
 94 055  
 75 337  
 220 129  
Grants 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 13 792  
 3 394  
 17 186  
Deferred expense and accrued income 
 2 343  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2 343  
Investments in venture capital funds 
 1 508  
 -    
 7 051  
 -    
 27 236  
 16 748  
 52 543  
Investments in subsidiaries  
 -  
 -        
 -  
 -        
 832  
 2 980  
 3 812  
Investment property 
 -        
 -  
 -        
 -  
 22 582  
 1 784  
 24 366  
Property, plant and equipment 
 -        
 -  
 -        
 -  
 -  
 4 694  
 4 694  
Intangible assets 
 -        
 -  
 -        
 -  
 -        
 1 395  
 1 395  
Other assets 
 1 746  
 -    
 -    
 560  
 1 264  
 -    
 3 570  
Total assets 
 193 028  
 10 961  
 17 950  
 33 957  
 186 500  
 117 108  
 559 504  
Liabilities  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due to credit institutions 
 -    
 4 375  
 -    
 4 339  
 20 828  
 -    
 29 542  
Financial assets at fair value through profit 
or loss – derivatives 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Due to general governments  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -     
 2 118  
 84 154  
 86 272  
Issued debt securities 
 -    
 269  
 -    
 58  
 20 013  
 25 008  
 45 348  
Deferred income and accrued expense 
 361  
 259  
 303  
 582  
 1 379  
 685  
 3 569  
Provisions  
 31 076  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 31 076  
Support programme funding 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 18 878  
 109 852  
 128 730  
Other liabilities 
 2 060  
 -    
 -    
 19  
 694  
 -     
 2 773  
Total liabilities 
 33 497  
 4 903  
 303  
 4 998  
 63 910  
 219 699  
 327 310  
Net liquidity 
 159 531  
 6 058  
 17 647  
 28 959  
 122 590  
 (102 591) 
 232 194  
 
* With regard to loans and advances to customers, the Group uses the same basis of expected repayment behaviour as used for estimating the effective interest rate. 
Investments in securities reflect their contractual coupon amortisations

--- Page 268 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
54 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(2) Liquidity Risk (cont’d) 
Breakdown of the Company’s assets and liabilities by maturity profile as at 31 December 2018 based on the time remaining 
from the reporting date to their contractual maturity, in thousands of euro: 
  
Up to 1 
month  
1 to 3 months  
3 to 6 months  
6 to 12 
months  
1 to 5 years  
Over 5 years 
and w/o 
maturity 
Total 
Assets 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due from credit institutions and the 
Treasury 
 123 444  
 8 202  
 -     
 5 000  
  -     
  -     
 136 646  
Financial assets at fair value through profit 
or loss 
  -     
  -     
  -     
  -     
  -     
  -     
 -    
Investment securities 
 96  
 1 270  
 71  
 260  
 38 866  
 10 293  
 50 856  
Loans  
 10 224  
 8 387  
 7 779  
 18 886  
 85 664  
 66 533  
 197 473  
Grants 
 2  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 974  
 21 585  
 22 561  
Deferred expense and accrued income 
 158  
  -     
  -     
 1 703  
 211  
  -     
 2 072  
Assets held for sale 
 11 343  
  -     
  -     
  -     
  -     
  -     
 11 343  
Investments in venture capital funds 
 746  
  -     
  -     
  -     
 38 505  
 10 988  
 50 239  
Investments in subsidiaries  
  -     
  -     
  -     
  -     
  -     
 1 492  
 1 492  
Investment property 
  -     
  -     
  -     
  -     
 12 747  
 2 047  
 14 794  
Property, plant and equipment 
  -     
  -     
  -     
  -     
 -   
 4 228  
 4 228  
Intangible assets 
  -     
  -     
  -     
  -     
  -     
 1 347  
 1 347  
Other assets 
 265  
  -     
  -     
 652  
 1 641  
  -     
 2 558  
Total assets 
 146 278  
 17 859  
 7 850  
 26 501  
 178 608  
 118 513  
 495 609  
Liabilities  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due to credit institutions 
 -     
 4 398  
 -     
 4 333  
 26 389  
 3 125  
 38 245  
Financial assets at fair value through profit 
or loss – derivatives 
 2  
 -     
 -     
 -     
 -     
 -     
 2  
Due to general governments  
 -     
 1  
 -     
 -     
 -     
 48 109  
 48 110  
Issued debt securities 
 109  
 -     
 -     
 -    
 -     
 29 834  
 29 943  
Deferred income and accrued expense 
 970  
 185  
 228  
 253  
 789  
 586  
 3 011  
Provisions  
 25 103  
 -     
 -     
 270  
 -     
 -     
 25 373  
Support programme funding 
 34 052  
 -     
 206  
 -     
 11 883  
 80 818  
 126 959  
Other liabilities 
 2 643  
 -     
 -     
 -     
 -     
 -     
 2 643  
Total liabilities 
 62 879  
 4 584  
 434  
 4 856  
 39 061  
 162 472  
 274 286  
Net liquidity 
 83 399  
 13 275  
 7 416  
 21 645  
 139 547  
 (43 959) 
 221 323  
 
* With regard to loans and advances to customers, the Group uses the same basis of expected repayment behaviour as used for estimating the effective interest rate. 
Investments in securities reflect their contractual coupon amortisations 
 
(3) Interest Rate Risk 
The interest rate risk is related to the possible influence of the fluctuations of the market rates onto the interest income and 
expenses of the Group / Company.  
Interest rate management principles are determined in the Risk Management Policy. Interest rate risk governance is performed 
by the Risk and Asset-Liability Management Committee, while daily interest rate analysis and management is performed by 
Planning and Financial Analysis Department. 
To assess the interest rate risk the Group / Company analyses the maturity structure of interest rate sensitive assets, liabilities 
and off-balance sheet items, net position of interest rate risk and its sensitivity to changes in interest rates. The sensitivity is 
measured calculating the impact of probable interest rate changes by 100 bps on the Group’s / Company’s interest income 
and expenses, assuming that all other variables held constant. Scenarios floor the lowest possible interest rate at zero if at the 
rate fixing date it is with negative value and if such a condition arises from the actual agreements.

--- Page 269 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
55 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(3) Interest Rate Risk (cont’d) 
The following table represents the impact of change in interest rates by 100 bps on the Group’s / Company’s interest income 
and expenses over 12-month period, with all other variables held constant: 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
Change in interest rates by +100 bps 
754 
1 081 
754 
1 081 
Change in interest rates by -100 bps 
(281) 
(335) 
(281) 
(335) 
(4) Foreign Currency Risk 
Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of an exposure will fluctuate because of changes in 
foreign exchange rates. The Group's / Company's exposure to foreign currency risk is insignificant as the transactions are 
denominated in Euro. The Group / Company controls foreign currency risk by raising financing and issuing financial instruments 
in euro. 
Based on the current positions of the Group / Company as at 31.12.2019 and 31.12.2018, if the exchange rate for the US dollar 
changes according to the scenario presented, the possible changes in the Group's / Company's total capital (excluding tax 
effects) would be as follows: 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
Change in USD/EUR exchange rates by +5% 
(34) 
(111) 
(34) 
(111) 
Change in USD/EUR exchange rates by -5% 
34 
111 
34 
111 
(5) Operational Risk 
The operational risk results from intentional or unintentional deviations from the standards adopted in daily operation of the 
Group / Company, for example human mistake or fraud, malfunction of information systems, insufficient control procedures 
or their ignorance altogether, etc.  
The goal of the operational risk management is timely identification of the potential operational risks and implementation of 
countermeasures to minimize the effect of operational risk on the Group’s / Company’s financials as much as possible and 
maintain the Group’s / Company’s operational continuity. The Group / Company achieves the established goal via 
identification of operational risk causes and taking preventive and corrective measures to eliminate them. 
(6) AML / CTF / sanctions risk 
The Group / Company is subject to the Law on the Prevention of Money Laundering and Terrorism and Proliferation Financing 
(AML/CTF) and complies with the international legal acts and legal acts of the Republic of Latvia which regulate prevention 
of legalization of proceeds derived from criminal activity and financing of terrorism and proliferation and ensures compliance 
with sanction lists (AML/CTF/Sanctions). 
The internal control system of the Group / Company is based on the "Know Your Customer (KYC)" principles. Policies and 
procedures in place for the AML/CTF/Sanctions as well as control measures are developed on the basis of the international 
legal acts and legal acts of the Republic of Latvia that regulate AML/CTF/Sanctions. The international standards and the best 
practice guidelines as well as Policy and Guidelines of the Finance Latvia Association in the area of the AML/CFT/Sanctions 
are followed as well. 
The Group / Company ensures compliance with Sanction lists requirements defined by EU regulations, OFAC and UN 
Regulations. 
Since September 2018, The Group / Company has centralized AML/CTF/Sanctions compliance function with the Risk 
Management Department who carries client distance on-boarding with respect to the AML/CTF/Sanctions compliance 
through automated loan assessment system. 
In February 2019, The Group / Company launched client’s AML/CTF scoring system – every client who applies to loan, grant 
or export credit guarantee instrument as well as investments under venture capital instruments has been assigned the AML/CTF 
risk score.

--- Page 270 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
56 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(7) Capital Management 
Capital management is forward-looking and aligned with short-term and long-term business plans and the macroeconomic 
environment. This is evaluated in the annual budgeting assessment process. 
Capital management ensures that the Group / Company use capital to implement the government-approved state aid 
programs. Capital planning involves assessing the impact of risks on capital by implementing all approved development 
programs at the full amount. In accordance with the Development Finance Institution Act, Company before the approval of 
each program by the Cabinet of Ministers evaluate the impact of the program, risks and expected losses, financial results and 
costs of program implementation. 
In order to assess within the capital government that the amount of equity is in line with the risks arising from the scope of 
activity, the Group calculates the capital adequacy ratio, Tangible common equity (TCE) relative to the Tangible managed 
assets (TMA). An explanation of the indicator and the dynamics of changes over the periods is available in the section “Key 
Financial and Performance Indicators” under Other Notes to the Group’s Financial Statements.

--- Page 271 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
57 
 
4 Interest income 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2018.-
31.12.2018. * 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2018.-
31.12.2018. * 
Interest on loans and guarantees 
 11 786  
 10 450 * 
 11 786  
 10 450 * 
Interest on securities at fair value 
 12  
 25  
 12  
 25  
Interest on securities at amortised cost  
 1 529  
 1 966  
 1 529  
 1 966  
Interest on balances due from credit institutions 
 17  
 9  
 17  
 9  
Total interest income 
 13 344  
 12 450  
 13 344  
 12 450  
 
* comparatives reclassified as stated in Section (1) of Note 2. 
 
The Group’s / Company’s sub-item Interest income on loans and guarantees is reduced by EUR 1 167 thousand (2018: EUR 870 
thousand) according to respective programmes’ agreements concluded with the Ministry of Economics stipulating that the 
financing given by the Ministry of Economics (recognised as Support programme funding in the Balance sheet) must be 
increased by the income of those programmes - income from the placement of free funds, interest income from loans, 
premium income on issued guarantees, commissions, contractual penalties and other income. Subsequently such kind of 
income is not recognised in Interest income. 
5 Interest expense 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2018.-
31.12.2018. * 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2018.-
31.12.2018. * 
Interest on balances due to credit institutions 
 446  
 376 * 
 446  
 376 * 
Interest on issued debt securities 
 495  
 387 * 
 495  
 387 * 
Allocation of state support programmes’ profit to support programme funding ** 
 804  
 346 * 
 804  
 346 * 
Other interest expense 
 -    
 24 * 
 -    
 24 * 
Other commission expense 
 30  
 15 * 
 30  
 15 * 
Total interest expense 
 1 775  
 1 148  
 1 775  
 1 148  
 
* comparatives reclassified as stated in Section (1) of Note 2. 
 
** For particular state support programmes according to respective agreements concluded with the Ministry of Economics 
the net profit of the programme should be split between the Group / Company un the Ministry of Economics by increasing 
public funding given by the Ministry of Economics (recognised as Support programme funding in the Balance sheet). 
6 Income for implementation of state support 
programmes 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2018.-
31.12.2018. * 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2018.-
31.12.2018. * 
Compensation of expenses for management of state support programmes 
 2 335  
 1 877 * 
 2 335  
 1 877 * 
Compensation of the venture capital funds’ management fees 
 3 247  
 1 460 * 
 3 247  
 1 460 * 
Compensation of expenses of capital congestion 
 309  
 -    
 309  
 -    
Compensation of 2018 year expenses for management of state support 
programmes 
 274  
 -    
 274  
 -    
Total income from implementation of state support programmes 
 6 165  
 3 337  
 6 165  
 3 337  
 
* comparatives reclassified as stated in Section (1) of Note 2.

--- Page 272 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
58 
 
7 Expenses to be compensated for implementation of 
state support programmes 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2018.-
31.12.2018. * 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2018.-
31.12.2018. * 
Compensated staff costs (Note 11) 
 1 883  
 1 507 * 
 1 883  
 1 507 * 
Compensated administrative expense (Note 12) 
 452  
 370 * 
 452  
 370 * 
Compensated venture capital fund management fees 
 3 249  
 1 514 *  
 3 249  
 1 514 *  
Total compensated expense for implementation of state support programmes 
 5 584  
 3 391  
 5 584  
 3 391  
 
* comparatives reclassified as stated in Section (1) of Note 2 
8 Gains from debt securities and foreign exchange 
transactions 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2018.-
31.12.2018. 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2018.-
31.12.2018. 
Gain from measured at FVOCI securities 
 92  
 405  
 92  
 405  
Loss on currency exchange and trade and revaluation of other financial 
instruments, net 
 (2) 
 (283) 
 (2) 
 (283) 
Total gain from debt securities and foreign exchange transactions 
 90  
 122  
 90  
 122  
9 Other income 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2018.-
31.12.2018. * 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2018.-
31.12.2018. * 
Income from lease payments for operational leases 
 579  
 385 * 
 579  
 385 * 
Income from lease payments for financial leases 
 112  
 29  
 112  
 29  
Income from investment property revaluation 
 535  
 234  
 535  
 234  
Income from sale of investment property 
 76  
 11 * 
 76  
 11 * 
Income from sale of repossessed collateral 
 15  
 292 * 
 15  
 292 * 
Other commission income 
 3  
 15 * 
 3  
 15 * 
Other operating income 
 848  
 413 * 
 848  
 413 * 
Total other income 
 2 168  
 1 379  
 2 168  
 1 379  
 
* comparatives reclassified as stated in Section (1) of Note 2. 
10 Other expense 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2018.-
31.12.2018. * 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2018.-
31.12.2018. * 
Maintenance and service costs of Land Fund 
 208  
 105 * 
 208  
 105 * 
Debt collection costs 
 153  
 286 * 
 153  
 286 * 
Maintenance costs of repossessed collateral 
 19  
 38 * 
 19  
 38 * 
Revaluation of repossessed collateral 
 45  
 116 * 
 45  
 116 * 
Depreciation of right-of-use assets 
 124  
 -    
 124  
 -    
Commission expense on investments in securities 
 83  
 89 * 
 83  
 89 * 
Other commission expense 
 2  
 5 * 
 2  
 5 * 
Total other expense 
 634  
 639  
 634  
 639  
 
* comparatives reclassified as stated in Section (1) of Note 2.

--- Page 273 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
59 
 
11 Staff Costs 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2018.-
31.12.2018. 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2018.-
31.12.2018. 
Remuneration to the Supervisory Council and the Management Board 
 568  
 503  
 568  
 503  
to the Supervisory Council 
 81  
 72  
 81  
 72  
to the Management Board 
 487  
 431  
 487  
 431  
Remuneration to staff 
 4 674  
 5 434  
 4 674  
 5 434  
Social security contributions 
 1 281  
 1 431  
 1 281  
 1 431  
Total staff costs 
 6 523  
 7 368  
 6 523  
 7 368  
Compensated staff costs (Note 7) 
 (1 883) 
 (1 507) 
 (1 883) 
 (1 507) 
Net staff costs 
 4 640  
 5 861  
 4 640  
 5 861  
In 2019, the Group / Company employed 208 employees on average (2018: 227). Number of employees engaged in 
implementation of support programmes as at 31 December 2019 was 196 (31 December 2018: 196). 
12 Administrative expenses 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2018.-
31.12.2018. * 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2018.-
31.12.2018. * 
Information system and communication expense 
 452  
 677  
 452  
 677  
Premises and equipment maintenance expense 
 733  
 890  
 733  
 890  
Advertising and public relations 
 298  
 291  
 298  
 291  
Training and other staff expense 
 300  
 166  
 300  
 166  
Professional services ** 
 285  
 398  
 285  
 398  
Other expense 
 73  
 74 * 
 73  
 74 * 
Real estate tax 
 132  
 353 * 
 132  
 353 * 
Total administrative expenses 
 2 273  
 2 849  
 2 273  
 2 849  
Compensated administrative expense (Note 7) 
 (452) 
 (370) 
 (452) 
 (370) 
Net administrative expenses 
 1 821  
 2 479  
 1 821  
 2 479  
 
* comparatives reclassified as stated in Section (1) of Note 2. 
 
** The Group’s / Company’s sub-item Professional services includes audit, tax and accounting consulting services in amount 
of 29.8 thsd euros, which were received during 2019 (2018: 12 thsd euros) from the Group’s / Company’s sworn auditor 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Ltd.

--- Page 274 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
60 
 
13 Impairment losses, net 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2018.-
31.12.2018. 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2018.-
31.12.2018. 
Impairment losses on: 
 9 998  
 9 540  
 9 998  
 9 540  
Loans, net 
 6 667  
 4 710  
 6 667  
 4 710  
impairment losses 
 8 793  
 5 917  
 8 793  
 5 917  
impairment losses covered by risk coverage reserve 
 (2 126) 
 (1 207) 
 (2 126) 
 (1 207) 
Disbursed guarantee compensations 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
impairment losses  
 -    
 23  
 -    
 23  
impairment losses covered by risk coverage reserve 
 -    
 (23) 
 -    
 (23) 
Grants 
 11  
 -    
 11  
 -    
Other assets 
 247  
 52  
 247  
 52  
Due from credit institutions and the Treasury 
 2  
 -    
 2  
 -    
Financial assets related to loan agreements 
 161  
 1 751  
 161  
 1 751  
Debt securities 
 7  
 -    
 7  
 -    
Guarantees, net 
 2 641  
 2 939  
 2 641  
 2 939  
impairment losses  
 15 752  
 8 174  
 15 752  
 8 174  
impairment losses covered by risk coverage reserve 
 (13 111) 
 (5 235) 
 (13 111) 
 (5 235) 
Loan commitments, net 
 253  
 88  
 253  
 88  
impairment losses  
 608  
 1 220  
 608  
 1 220  
impairment losses covered by risk coverage reserve 
 (355) 
 (1 132) 
 (355) 
 (1 132) 
Grant commitments 
 9  
 -    
 9  
  
Reversal of impairment on: 
 (9 952) 
 (8 764) 
 (9 952) 
 (8 764) 
Loans, net 
 (4 718) 
 (2 685) 
 (4 718) 
 (2 685) 
reversal of impairment 
 (5 897) 
 (3 408) 
 (5 897) 
 (3 408) 
reversal of impairment covered by risk coverage reserve 
 1 179  
 723  
 1 179  
 723  
Disbursed guarantee compensations 
 (1 788) 
 -    
 (1 788) 
 -    
reversal of impairment 
 (1 902) 
 (805) 
 (1 902) 
 (805) 
reversal of impairment covered by risk coverage reserve 
 114  
 805  
 114  
 805  
Grants 
 (13) 
 -    
 (13) 
 -    
Other assets 
 -    
 (23) 
 -    
 (23) 
Due from credit institutions and the Treasury 
 (5) 
 -    
 (5) 
 -    
Financial assets related to loan agreements 
 (44) 
 (401) 
 (44) 
 (401) 
Debt securities 
 (43) 
 (211) 
 (43) 
 (211) 
Guarantees, net 
 (3 126) 
 (5 444) 
 (3 126) 
 (5 444) 
reversal of impairment 
 (6 692) 
 (6 876) 
 (6 692) 
 (6 876) 
reversal of impairment covered by risk coverage reserve 
 3 566  
 1 432  
 3 566  
 1 432  
Loan commitments, net 
 (208) 
 -    
 (208) 
 -    
reversal of impairment 
 (1 369) 
 -    
 (1 369) 
 -    
reversal of impairment covered by risk coverage reserve 
 1 161  
 -    
 1 161  
 -    
Grant commitments 
 (7) 
 -    
 (7) 
 -    
Total impairment losses / (reversal), net 
 46  
 776  
 46  
 776  
Recovery of loans written off in previous periods 
 (1 745) 
 (1 448) 
 (1 745) 
 (1 448) 
Total impairment losses and (income) from recovery of loans written-off 
 (1 699) 
 (672) 
 (1 699) 
 (672) 
 
14 Due from credit institutions and the Treasury 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
Due from credit institutions and the Treasury 
 181 201  
 137 031  
 181 049  
 136 651  
of which, cash and cash equivalent 
 176 199  
 128 916  
 176 047  
 128 536  
Impairment allowances 
 (2) 
 (5) 
 (2) 
 (5) 
Net due from credit institutions and the Treasury 
 181 199  
 137 026  
 181 047  
 136 646

--- Page 275 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
61 
 
14 Due from credit institutions and the Treasury (cont’d) 
Placing the funds within the Treasury of the Republic of Latvia and monetary financial institutions, the external credit ratings 
assigned to these financial institutions are evaluated. The evaluation of the financial institutions not having been assigned 
individual ratings is based on the ratings assigned to their parent banks as well as their financial and operational assessments. 
Once the contracts have been concluded, the Group / Company supervises the monetary financial institutions and follows 
that the assigned limits comply with credit risk assessment. All assets in this category represent Stage 1 for the ECL calculation 
purposes. There were no changes in staging during the reporting period as there were no changes in the calculated ECL 
during the reporting period.. 
Breakdown of the Group’s balances due from credit institutions and the Treasury by credit rating categories based on Moody's 
ratings or their equivalent, in thousands of euro: 
Ratings 
Aaa 
Aa1-
Aa3 
A1-A3 
Baa1-
Baa3 
Ba1-Ba3 
B1-B3 
Caa-C 
Withdrawn 
rating 
(WR) 
Total 
Due from credit institutions registered in the 
Republic of Latvia and the Treasury 
 -    
 12 595  
 96 875  
 22 159  
 5 402  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 137 031  
Total gross as at 31 December 2018 
 -    
 12 595  
 96 875  
 22 159  
 5 402  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 137 031  
Due from credit institutions registered in the 
Republic of Latvia and the Treasury 
 -    
 12 435  
 138 364  
 23 973  
 6 427  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 181 199  
Total gross as at 31 December 2019 
 -    
 12 435  
 138 364  
 23 973  
 6 427  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 181 199  
 
Breakdown of the Company’s balances due from credit institutions and the Treasury by credit rating categories based on 
Moody's ratings or their equivalent, in thousands of euro: 
Ratings 
Aaa 
Aa1-
Aa3 
A1-A3 
Baa1-
Baa3 
Ba1-Ba3 
B1-B3 
Caa-C 
Withdrawn 
rating 
(WR) 
Total 
Due from credit institutions registered in the 
Republic of Latvia and the Treasury 
 -    
 12 411  
 96 875  
 21 963  
 5 402  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 136 651  
Total gross as at 31 December 2018 
 -    
 12 411  
 96 875  
 21 963  
 5 402  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 136 651  
Due from credit institutions registered in the 
Republic of Latvia and the Treasury 
 -    
 12 435  
 138 364  
 23 821  
 6 427  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 181 047  
Total gross as at 31 December 2019 
 -    
 12 435  
 138 364  
 23 821  
 6 427  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 181 047  
 
As at 31 December 2019, the Group / Company held accounts with 4 banks and the Treasury of the Republic of Latvia. 
As at 31 December 2019, the average interest rate on balances due from credit institutions was 0.02% (31 December 2018:   -
0.012%). 
15 Investment Securities 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
Investment securities valued at amortised cost 
  
  
  
  
Latvian Treasury bills and government bonds 
 439  
 427  
 439  
 427  
OECD corporate bonds 
 3 926  
 3 878  
 3 926  
 3 878  
Total investment securities valued at amortised cost 
 4 365  
 4 305  
 4 365  
 4 305  
Impairment allowances 
 (3 887) 
 (3 838) 
 (3 887) 
 (3 838) 
Net investment securities valued at amortised cost 
 478  
 467  
 478  
 467  
Investment securities valued at fair value through other comprehensive income 
  
  
  
  
Latvian Treasury bills and government bonds 
 47 941  
 50 389  
 47 941  
 50 389  
Total investment securities valued at fair value through other comprehensive 
income 
 47 941  
 50 389  
 47 941  
 50 389  
 
  
  
  
  
Total gross investment securities 
 52 306  
 54 694  
 52 306  
 54 694  
Total net investment securities 
 48 419  
 50 856  
 48 419  
 50 856  
When making investments in securities, the Group / Company analyses the external credit ratings assigned to these financial 
institutions and entities and their financial and operational standing. Once funds are placed, the Group / Company monitors 
the monetary financial institutions and follows the compliance of the imposed limits to the credit risk rating. All Latvian Treasury 
bills and government bonds are Stage 1 instruments for ECL purposes, while all OECD corporate bonds are Stage 3 instruments, 
as these are already defaulted. There were no movements among Stages during the year.

--- Page 276 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
62 
 
15 Investment Securities (cont’d) 
Breakdown of the Group’s / Company’s investment securities by credit rating categories based on Moody's ratings or their 
equivalent, in thousands of euro: 
Ratings 
Aaa 
Aa1-
Aa3 
A1-A3 
Baa1-
Baa3 
Ba1-Ba3 
B1-B3 
Caa-C 
Withdrawn 
rating 
(WR) 
Total 
Investment securities valued at fair value 
through other comprehensive income 
 -    
 -    
 50 389  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 50 389  
Investment securities valued at amortised 
cost 
 -    
 -    
 427  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 3 878  
 4 305  
Total gross as at 31 December 2018 
 -    
 -    
 50 816  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 3 878  
 54 694  
Investment securities valued at fair value 
through other comprehensive income 
 -    
 -    
 47 941  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 47 941  
Investment securities valued at amortised 
cost 
 -    
 -    
 439  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 3 926  
 4 365  
Total gross as at 31 December 2019 
 -    
 -    
 48 380  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 3 926  
 52 306  
 
The information about classification of investment securities is available in Note 2 (5) item (iv). All securities are quoted. The 
average yield on debt securities was 2.09% as at 31 December 2019 (2018: 3.16%) 
 
16 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
Investments by subsidiaries in the shares of companies 
 4 217  
 1 160  
Total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss - investments by subsidiaries 
in the shares of companies 
 4 217  
 1 160  
 
In 2019 disbursements were made to the 4nd generation venture capital funds, part of which are classified as investments in 
subsidiaries. At the Group level the participation in the share capital of subsidiaries is consolidated. For more information on 
the classification see Note 20, for accounting policy Note 2 (6). 
The Group’s / Company’s notional contract values and fair values of derivative instruments, in thousands of euro: 
 
Notional contract value 
Far value 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Assets 
 
Liabilities 
 
 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
Currency swaps 
 -    
 1 507  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2  
Total financial assets at fair value 
through profit or loss – derivatives 
 -    
 1 507  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2  
The Group / Company uses such derivative financial instruments as currency swaps representing commitments to exchange 
one set of cash flows for another. Swaps result in an economic exchange of currencies. 
17 Investments in venture capital funds 
The Group’s / Company’s investments in associates based on information provided by venture capital fund managers, in 
thousands of euro: 
 
 
VCF’s equity 
Carrying Amount 
Company or VCF generation 
Country of incorporation 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
The 1st generation VCFs  
LV 
 2 387  
 2 387  
 1 508  
 746  
The 2nd generation VCFs 
LV 
 18 227  
 20 399  
 12 990  
 14 623  
The 3rd generation VCFs 
LV 
 21 493  
 24 950  
 21 308  
 23 763  
The 4th generation VCFs 
LV 
 8 622  
 186  
 2 636  
 119  
Baltic Innovation fund 
LU 
 72 190  
 54 942  
 13 851  
 10 988  
Baltic Innovation fund II 
LU 
 710  
 -    
 250  
 -    
Total investments in venture capital funds 
  
 123 629  
 102 864  
 52 543  
 50 239

--- Page 277 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
63 
 
17 Investments in venture capital funds (cont’d) 
As at 31 December 2019 the total VCF portfolio value at cost value was 67,198 thsd. euros (as at 31 December 2018: 59,698 
thsd. euros). 
Movement in the Group’s / Company’s investments in associates, in thousands of euro: 
 
Investments in associates 
BIF investments 
Total 
 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2018.-
31.12.2018. 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2018.-
31.12.2018. 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2018.-
31.12.2018. 
Carrying amount at the beginning of period 
 39 252  
 44 897  
 10 988  
 8 394  
 50 240  
 53 291  
Invested 
 2 616  
 255  
 3 708  
 2 825  
 6 324  
 3 080  
Refunded 
 (3 290) 
 (4 553) 
 (778) 
 (488) 
 (4 068) 
 (5 041) 
Mezzanine interest received and realised 
gain on exit 
 -    
 -    
 165  
 -    
 165  
 -    
Share of net loss of investment in joint 
venture and associate  
 (136) 
 (1 348) 
 -    
 -    
 (136) 
 (1 348) 
Share of gain of investment in joint venture 
and associate at fair value through profit or 
loss  
 -    
 -    
 18  
 257  
 18  
 257  
Carrying amount at the end of the period 
ended at 31 December 
 38 442  
 39 251  
 14 101  
 10 988  
 52 543  
 50 239  
Impairment 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Net carrying amount at the period ended at 
31 December 
 38 442  
 39 251  
 14 101  
 10 988  
 52 543  
 50 239  
 
* include repayments in 2019 of mezzanine interest for the amount of EUR 776 thsd, dividends - EUR 58 thsd. and realised gain on exits of EUR 299 thsd. 
 
In 2019, the Group’s / Company’s expenses included: 
▪ EUR 825 thousand (2018: EUR 1,339 thousand) from the risk coverage reserve used to cover management fees for the 
2nd and 3rd generation venture capital funds; 
▪ EUR 481 thousand (2018: EUR 469 thousand) from the risk coverage reserve used to cover management fees for the 4th 
generation venture capital funds; 
▪ Management fees for the Baltic Innovation Fund amounting to EUR 94 thousand (2018: EUR 175 thousand), of which 
EUR 94 thousand (2018: EUR 121 thousand) was compensated from the risk coverage reserve; 
▪ Management fees for the Baltic Innovation Fund II amounting to EUR 49 thousand (2018: 0), of which EUR 49 thousand 
(2018: 0) was compensated from the risk coverage reserve. 
Part of disbursements made into the 4th generation VCFs are classified as Investments in subsidiaries (detailed information is 
available in Note 20) and management fees of such funds amounted EUR 1,219 thousand (2018: 0) were covered by the risk 
coverage reserve. 
18 Loans 
The loans granted constitute the Group’s / Company’s balances due from residents of Latvia. 
The Group’s / Company’s loans by the borrower profile, in thousands of euro: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
SME and Midcaps 
 104 396  
 93 574  
 104 396  
 93 292  
Agriculture 
 120 534  
 106 884  
 120 534  
 106 884  
Individuals 
 12 909  
 13 612  
 12 909  
 13 612  
Financial Intermediaries 
 2 573  
 3 061  
 2 573  
 3 061  
Total gross loans 
 240 412  
 217 131  
 240 412  
 216 849  
Impairment allowances 
 (20 283) 
 (19 376) 
 (20 283) 
 (19 376) 
Total net loans 
 220 129  
 197 755  
 220 129  
 197 473  
 
Analysis of the loan amount, equalling to or exceeding EUR 1,000 thousand, issued to one customer: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
Number of customers 
 29  
 26  
 29  
 26  
Total credit exposure of customers (EUR ‘000) 
 42 623  
 35 652  
 42 623  
 35 652  
Percentage of total gross portfolio of loans 
17.73% 
16.42% 
17.73% 
16.44%

--- Page 278 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
64 
 
18 Loans (cont’d) 
Breakdown of the Group’s / Company's loans by industries, in thousands of euro: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
Agriculture and forestry 
 117 065  
 94 954  
 117 065  
 94 954  
Manufacturing 
 50 035  
 46 192  
 50 035  
 46 192  
Private individuals 
 12 909  
 23 481  
 12 909  
 23 481  
Other industries  
 25 073  
 21 508  
 25 073  
 21 226  
Retail and wholesale 
 10 208  
 11 371  
 10 208  
 11 371  
Hotels and restaurants 
 4 375  
 4 256  
 4 375  
 4 256  
Electricity, gas and water utilities 
 7 196  
 3 958  
 7 196  
 3 958  
Transport, warehousing and communications 
 1 045  
 1 166  
 1 045  
 1 166  
Real estate 
 7 543  
 4 219  
 7 543  
 4 219  
Construction 
 2 309  
 2 586  
 2 309  
 2 586  
Financial intermediation 
 681  
 867  
 681  
 867  
Fishing 
 1 786  
 2 334  
 1 786  
 2 334  
Municipal authorities 
 187  
 239  
 187  
 239  
Total gross loans 
 240 412  
 217 131  
 240 412  
 216 849  
Impairment allowances 
 (20 283) 
 (19 376) 
 (20 283) 
 (19 376) 
Total net loans 
 220 129  
 197 755  
 220 129  
 197 473  
 
Movement in the Group’s / Company’s impairment allowances, in thousands of euro: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2018.-
31.12.2018. 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2018.-
31.12.2018. 
Allowances at the beginning of the period 
 19 376  
 15 438  
 19 376  
 15 438  
Covered by risk coverage reserve 
 -    
 2 557  
 -  
 2 557  
Impact of IFRS 9 adoption 
 -    
 4 324  
 -  
 4 324  
Allowances for accrued income 
 -    
 1 745  
 -  
 1 745  
Allowances as at 1 January 
 19 376  
 24 064  
 19 376  
 24 064  
Increase in impairment allowances (Note 13) 
 8 793  
 5 917  
 8 793  
 5 917  
Decrease in impairment allowances (Note 13) 
 (5 897) 
 (3 408) 
 (5 897) 
 (3 408) 
Write-off of loans  
 (1 989) 
 (7 200) 
 (1 989) 
 (7 200) 
Currency change 
 -    
 3  
  
 3  
Allowances at the end of the period ended 31 December 
 20 283  
 19 376  
 20 283  
 19 376  
Group’s / Company’s share of provisions 
 14 916  
 14 426  
 14 916  
 14 426  
Provisions covered by risk coverage* 
 5 367  
 4 950  
 5 367  
 4 950  
 
As at 31 December 2019 the average annual interest rate for the loan portfolio of the Group / Company was 4.19% (31 
December 2018: 4.15%). 
19 Investment Properties 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
Carrying amount at the beginning of period 
 14 794  
 10 808  
 14 794  
 10 808  
Acquired during the reporting period * 
 9 145  
 3 988  
 9 145  
 3 988  
Disposals during the reporting period 
 (98) 
 (234) 
 (98) 
 (234) 
Net gain from fair value adjustment  
 525  
 232  
 525  
 232  
Carrying amount at the end of the period  
 24 366  
 14 794  
 24 366  
 14 794  
* All acquisitions of investment properties made in 2019 were related to the activities of the Land Fund programme.

--- Page 279 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
65 
 
19 Investment Properties (cont’d) 
The Land Fund was established on 1 July 2015. According to the Cabinet of Ministers decree dated March 11, 2015, the Group 
/ Company is the manager of the Land Fund. The Law “On Land Privatisation in Rural Areas” stipulated establishment of the 
Land Fund. The Land Fund of Latvia is one of the tools used to ensure that agricultural land is preserved and used for agricultural 
purposes. 
The accounting policy for investment properties is described in Note 2 (9) item (vi). 
20 Investments in Subsidiaries 
In 2019 disbursements were made to the 4nd generation venture capital funds, part of which are classified as investments in 
subsidiaries, but part as investments in associates. All these investments are made into newly established venture capital funds 
with payments made upon call for funds. The Company has the right to appoint fund manager and fund manager is governing 
each particular venture capital fund. The Company also has ability to unconditionally remove fund manager. This ability 
expires within two years after certain date determined in each separate agreement with fund manager. 
At the Group level the investments in subsidiaries are consolidated.  
Breakdown of the Company’s investments in the share capital of subsidiaries, in thousands of euro: 
 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
KS Overkill Ventures Fund I 
 550  
 231  
KS Buildit Latvia Pre-Seed Fund  
 608  
 300  
KS Commercialization Reactor Pre-seed Fund 
 510  
 141  
KS INEC 1 
 1 312  
 787  
KS INEC 2 
 832  
 33  
Total investments in the share capital of subsidiaries 
 3 812  
 1 492  
For more information on the structure of the Group see Note 1. 
Accounting policies of investments in subsidiaries are described in Note 2 (2) and Note 2 (6). 
Breakdown of subsidiaries’ net assets value and profit or loss volume in 2019, which is based on audited venture capital funds’ 
financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2019: 
 
Net assets value 
Profit or loss 
 
 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2018.-
31.12.2018. 
KS Overkill Ventures Fund I 
 569  
 231  
 (331) 
 (186) 
KS Buildit Latvia Pre-Seed Fund  
 723  
 299  
 (315) 
 (204) 
KS Commercialization Reactor Pre-seed Fund 
 622  
 141  
 (303) 
 (126) 
KS INEC 1 
 1 772  
 1 050  
 (219) 
 (22) 
KS INEC 2 
 925  
 36  
 (163) 
 (16) 
Total 
 4 611  
 1 757  
 (1 331) 
 (554) 
21 Intangible Assets 
Breakdown of the Group’s / Company’s net book value of intangible assets, in thousands of euro: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
Computer software 
 1 395  
 1 347  
 1 395  
 1 347  
Total intangible assets 
 1 395  
 1 347  
 1 395  
 1 347

--- Page 280 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
66 
 
21 Intangible Assets (cont’d) 
Movement in the Group’s / Company’s net book value of intangible assets, in thousands of euro: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
Original cost 
  
  
  
  
At the beginning of period 
 5 111  
 6 470  
 5 111  
 6 470  
Additions 
 323  
 765  
 323  
 765  
Disposals 
 (1 041) 
 (2 124) 
 (1 041) 
 (2 124) 
At the end of period ended at December 31 
 4 393  
 5 111  
 4 393  
 5 111  
Accumulated depreciation 
  
  
  
  
At the beginning of period 
 3 764  
 5 699  
 3 764  
 5 699  
Depreciation charge 
 275  
 189  
 275  
 189  
Disposals 
 (1 041) 
 (2 124) 
 (1 041) 
 (2 124) 
At the end of period ended at December 31 
 2 998  
 3 764  
 2 998  
 3 764  
Net book value at the beginning of period 
 1 347  
 771  
 1 347  
 771  
Net book value as at 31 December 
 1 395  
 1 347  
 1 395  
 1 347  
22 Property, Plant and Equipment 
The Group / Company uses assets that have been fully depreciated. 
Breakdown of the Group’s / Company’s property, plant and equipment, in thousands of euros: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
Property, plant and equipment 
 4 191  
 4 228  
 4 191  
 4 228  
Right-of-use assets 
 503  
 -    
 503  
 -    
Total property, plant and equipment 
 4 694  
 4 228  
 4 694  
 4 228  
 
Movement in the Group’s / Company’s carrying amount of property, plant and equipment, in thousands of euro: 
 
Land and 
buildings 
Vehicles 
Office 
equipment * 
Leasehold 
improvements 
Other 
Total 
Cost at 1 January 2018 
 4 358  
 450  
 6 307  
 380  
 -    
 11 495  
Accumulated depreciation 
 (1 205) 
 (448) 
 (5 644) 
 (324) 
 -    
 (7 621) 
Impairment provisions 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (46) 
 -    
 (46) 
Carrying amount at 1 January 2018 
 3 153  
 2  
 663  
 10  
 -    
 3 828  
Additions 
 251  
 -    
 579  
 -    
 -    
 830  
Disposals 
 -    
 (40) 
 (1 392) 
 -    
 -    
 (1 432) 
Depreciation charge 
 (135) 
 (2) 
 (281) 
 (12) 
 -    
 (430) 
Change in depreciation from disposals 
 -    
 23  
 1 387  
 5  
 -    
 1 415  
Reclassified (Note 23) 
 -    
 17  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 17  
Carrying amount at 31 December 2018 
 3 269  
 -    
 956  
 3  
 -    
 4 228  
Cost at 31 December 2018 
 4 609  
 427  
 5 494  
 380  
 -    
 10 910  
Accumulated depreciation 
 (1 340) 
 (427) 
 (4 538) 
 (331) 
 -    
 (6 636) 
Impairment provisions 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (46) 
 -    
 (46) 
Carrying amount at 31 December 2018 
 3 269  
 -    
 956  
 3  
 -    
 4 228  
Transfers upon adoption of IFRS 16 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (380) 
 -    
 (380) 
Additions 
 180  
 -    
 298  
 -    
 -    
 478  
Disposals 
 -    
 (295) 
 (344) 
 -    
 -    
 (639) 
Depreciation charge 
 (170) 
 -    
 (329) 
 -    
 -    
 (499) 
Change in depreciation from disposals 
 -    
 295  
 331  
 331  
 -    
 957  
Impairment charge 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 46  
 -    
 46  
Carrying amount at 31 December 2019 
 3 279  
 -    
 912  
 -    
 -    
 4 191  
Cost at 31 December 2019 
 4 789  
 132  
 5 448  
 -    
 -    
 10 369  
Accumulated depreciation 
 (1 510) 
 (132) 
 (4 536) 
 -    
 -    
 (6 178) 
Impairment provisions 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Carrying amount at 31 December 2019 
 3 279  
 -    
 912  
 -    
 -    
 4 191

--- Page 281 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
67 
 
22 Property, Plant and Equipment (cont’d) 
Movement in the Group’s / Company’s carrying amount of right-of-use assets, in thousands of euro: 
* Office equipment includes such fixed assets categories as furniture and fittings and computers and equipment, Note 2 (9) 
item (ii). 
23 Other Assets 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. * 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. * 
Financial assets 
 6 095  
 7 774  
 6 095  
 7 774  
Other assets (repossessed collateral) 
 503  
 819  
 503  
 819  
Total other assets, gross 
 6 598  
 8 593  
 6 598  
 8 593  
Impairment allowances for financial assets 
 (3 028) 
 (6 035) 
 (3 028) 
 (6 035) 
Group’s / Company’s share of provisions 
 (2 204) 
 (3 814) 
 (2 204) 
 (3 814) 
Provisions covered by risk coverage* 
 (824) 
 (23) 
 (824) 
 (23) 
Provisions compensated by risk coverage 
  
 (2 198) 
  
 (2 198) 
Total financial assets, net 
 3 067  
 1 739  
 3 067  
 1 739  
Total other assets, net 
 3 570  
 2 558  
 3 570  
 2 558  
 
* comparatives reclassified as stated in Section (1) of Note 2. 
 
The Group’s / Company’s sub-item Other assets (repossessed collateral) includes assets that have been taken over in the debt 
collection process and are held to be sold in the ordinary course of business. 
Movement in the Group’s / Company’s net book value of financial assets in 2019, in thousands of euro: 
 
Disbursed 
guarantee 
compensations 
Grants 
Financial assets 
related to loan 
agreements 
Other financial 
assets 
Total 
Financial assets  
  
  
  
  
  
At the beginning of period 
 5 694  
 -    
 1 142  
 938  
 7 774  
Changes 
 (3 333) 
 -    
 (978) 
 2 633  
 (1 678) 
As at 31 December 2019 
 2 361  
 -    
 164  
 3 571  
 6 096  
Impairment provision  
  
  
  
  
  
At the beginning of period 
 5 694  
 -    
 76  
 265  
 6 035  
Changes in impairment allowances 
 (3 333) 
 -    
 66  
 260  
 (3 007) 
As at 31 December 2019 
 2 361  
 -    
 142  
 525  
 3 028  
Net book value at the beginning of period 
 -    
 -    
 1 066  
 673  
 1 739  
Net book value as at 31 December 2019 
 -    
 -    
 22  
 3 046  
 3 068  
 
 
 
 
Land and 
buildings 
Vehicles 
Office 
equipment * 
Leasehold 
improvements 
Other 
Total 
Cost transferred upon adoption of IFRS 16 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 380  
 -    
 380  
Accumulated depreciation 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (331) 
 -    
 (331) 
Impairment provisions 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (46) 
 -    
 (46) 
Carrying amount at 31 December 2018 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 3  
  
 3  
Impact from IFRS 16 
 555  
 183  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 738  
Disposals 
 (121) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (121) 
Depreciation charge 
 (81) 
 (33) 
 -    
 (3) 
 -    
 (117) 
Carrying amount at 31 December 2019 
 353  
 150  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 503  
Cost at 31 December 2019 
 434  
 183  
 -    
 380  
 -    
 997  
Accumulated depreciation 
 (81) 
 (33) 
 -    
 (334) 
  
 (448) 
Impairment provisions 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (46) 
  
 (46) 
Carrying amount at 31 December 2019 
 353  
 150  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 503

--- Page 282 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
68 
 
23 Other Assets (cont’d) 
Movement in the Group’s / Company’s net book value of financial assets in 2018, in thousands of euro: 
 
Disbursed 
guarantee 
compensations 
Grants 
Financial assets 
related to loan 
agreements 
Other financial 
assets 
Term deposits 
of JSC Savings 
Bank of Latvia 
being in 
liquidation 
Total 
Financial assets  
  
  
  
  
  
  
At the beginning of period 
 5 073  
 2 772  
 1 045  
 197  
 7 648  
 16 735  
Changes 
 621  
 19 803  
 97  
 758  
 (7 648) 
 13 631  
Reclassification 
 -    
 (22 575) 
 -    
 (17) 
 -    
 (22 592) 
As at 31 December 2018 
 5 694  
 -    
 1 142  
 938  
 -    
 7 774  
Impairment provision  
  
  
  
  
  
  
At the beginning of period 
 5 073  
 -    
 6  
 122  
 7 648  
 12 849  
Impact from IFRS 9 
 -    
 2  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2  
Changes in impairment allowances 
 621  
 12  
 70  
 143  
 (7 648) 
 (6 802) 
Reclassification 
 -    
 (14) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (14) 
As at 31 December 2018 
 5 694  
 -    
 76  
 265  
 -    
 6 035  
Net book value at the beginning of period 
 -    
 2 772  
 1 039  
 75  
 -    
 3 886  
Net book value as at 31 December 2018 
 -    
 -    
 1 066  
 673  
 -    
 1 739  
The Group’s / Company’s sub-item Grants represent Stage 1 for the ECL calculation purposes and there were no changes in 
staging in 2019 and there were no major changes in calculated ECL in 2019. 
Movement in the Group’s / Company’s book value of repossessed collateral, in thousands of euro: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
At the beginning of period 
 819  
 1 946  
 819  
 1 946  
Additions 
 1 502  
 264  
 1 502  
 264  
Disposals 
 (1 138) 
 (1 118) 
 (1 138) 
 (1 118) 
Reclassified 
 (636) 
 (157) 
 (636) 
 (157) 
Revaluation 
 (44) 
 (116) 
 (44) 
 (116) 
Total other assets at the end of period ended 31 December 
 503  
 819  
 503  
 819  
24 Deferred Expense 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
Management fees paid in advance 
 490  
 122  
 490  
 122  
Other deferred expense 
 204  
 227  
 204  
 227  
Total deferred expense 
 694  
 349  
 694  
 349  
25 Accrued Income 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
Compensation for management expenses of state support programs 
 1 649  
 1 717  
 1 649  
 1 717  
Other accrued income 
 -    
 6  
 -    
 6  
Total accrued income 
 1 649  
 1 723  
 1 649  
 1 723

--- Page 283 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
69 
 
26 Assets Held for Sale 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
Hipo Latvia Real Estate Fund I 
 -    
 10 550  
 -    
 10 550  
Hipo Latvia Real Estate Fund II 
 -    
 793  
 -    
 793  
Total assets held for sale 
 -    
 11 343  
 -    
 11 343  
 
The Group’s / Company’s gain / (loss) on the revaluation of assets held for sale, in thousands of euro: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2018.-
31.12.2018. 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2018.-
31.12.2018. 
Gain / (loss) on the revaluation of assets held for sale 
 (105) 
 408  
 (105) 
 778  
Total gain / (loss) on the revaluation of assets held for sale 
 (105) 
 408  
 (105) 
 778  
 
More information is available in Note 2 (9) item (vi). 
 
Breakdown of assets and liabilities of Alternative investment fund Hipo Latvia Real Estate Fund I and Alternative investment 
fund Hipo Latvia Real Estate Fund II, in thousands of euro: 
 
Group 
Group 
 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
Assets 
  
  
Due from other credit institutions and Treasury 
 -    
 3 539  
Investment property 
 -    
 7 804  
Other assets 
 -    
 -    
Assets held for sale 
 -    
 11 343  
Liabilities 
  
  
Other liabilities 
 -    
 -    
Liabilities directly associated with assets held for sale 
 -    
 -    
27 Due to Credit Institutions 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
Due to credit institutions registered in OECD countries 
 29 542  
 38 245  
 29 542  
 38 245  
Total due to credit institutions 
 29 542  
 38 245  
 29 542  
 38 245  
 
Balances due to credit institutions registered in the OECD countries include loan received by the  Group / Company from the 
EIB of EUR 29,542 thousand (31 December 2018: EUR 38,245 thousand), of which EUR 29 thousand constitutes accrued interest 
expenses (31 December 2018: EUR 58 thousand). In 2019, the  Group / Company repaid EUR 8,680 thousand, of which accrued 
interest was EUR 157 thousand. The Ministry of Finance of the Republic of Latvia has issued a guarantee for the loan of EUR 
29,542 thousand ((31 December 2018: EUR 38,187 thousand)), to strengthen the collateral for the loan received by the Group 
/ Company from the EIB, This guarantee is considered a parent guarantee on behalf of the Group / Company. In turn the 
guarantee of the Ministry of Finance is provided by pledge of the Group’s / Company’s assets in favour of the Ministry of 
Finance in amount of EUR 29,542 thousand (31 December 2018: EUR 38,205 thousand). 
In December 2019, the Company entered into a new loan agreement with the EIB for the amount of EUR 18,000 thousand to 
fund loans for sustainable and climate change mitigation projects. In addition to financing of green bonds, this funding will 
allow loans to entrepreneurs and ESCOs to be offered with a significantly longer repayment period of up to 15 years, in line 
with the repayment period of the investment project. The loan disbursement has not been started yet. 
As at 31 December 2019, the average interest rate for the balances Due to credit institutions was 0.31% (2018: 0.41%).

--- Page 284 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
70 
 
28 Due to General Governments 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
Due to government entities 
 -    
 2 724  
 -    
 2 724  
Loans received from Rural Support Service 
 5 565  
 7 171  
 5 565  
 7 171  
Loans received from the Treasury  
 80 707  
 38 215  
 80 707  
 38 215  
Total due to general governments 
 86 272  
 48 110  
 86 272  
 48 110  
 
Item Loans received from Rural Support Service includes financing for the Credit Fund, which was set up in 2010 to provide 
loans to agricultural and fisheries enterprises through financial intermediaries. As at 31 December 2019, the Group / Company 
has liabilities consisting of a principal amount of EUR 5,337 thousand (31 December 2018: EUR 6,903 thousand) and accrued 
interest in amount of EUR 228 thousand (31 December 2018: EUR 269 thousand). The maturity is 30 January 2027. The loan from 
the Rural Support Service is unsecured. 
Item Loans received from the Treasury includes borrowings received by the Group / Company for the purpose of implementing 
such loan programs: 
▪ Agricultural Land Purchase Program: principal outstanding as at 31 December 2019 amounts to EUR 67,399 thousand 
(31 December 2018: EUR 38,215 thousand), the maturity of the loan is 31 December 2050. The commercial pledge on 
the Group’s / Company's claims on loans under the program serves as collateral. As at 31 December 2019, the undrawn 
facility is in the amount of EUR 8,979 thousand, the size and pace of its withdrawal depends on the further volume of 
new loan transactions. As at 31 December 2019, the amount of the secured claim was EUR 67,400 thousand (31 
December 2018: EUR 38,215 thousand). 
▪ SME Growth Loan Program: principal outstanding as at 31 December 2019 amounts to EUR 9,997 thousand (31 
December 2018: EUR 0 ), the maturity of the loan is 31 December 2040. The commercial pledge on the Group’s / 
Company's claims on loans under the program serves as collateral. It is planned to increase the amount of the loan, 
and the amount and pace of its withdrawal depends on the further volume of new loan transactions. As at 31 
December 2019 the amount of the secured claim was EUR 11,996 thousand (31 December 2018: EUR 0). 
▪ Latvian Land Fund (used to fund Fund’s transactions): principal outstanding as at 31 December 2019 amounts to EUR 
3,309 thousand (31 December 2018: EUR 0), the maturity of the loan is 29 December 2028. Mortgage on real estate 
purchased from funds received serves as a collateral on this loan. As at 31 December 2019, the undrawn facility is in 
the amount of EUR 6,617 thousand, the amount and pace of its withdrawal depends on the further volume of new 
business. As at 31 December 2019, the amount of registered mortgage was EUR 8,284 thousand. 
The Company has also concluded the following loan agreements with the Treasury under which the disbursement of funding 
has not been started so far: 
▪ Micro-loan and Start-up Loan Program: amount of loan agreement is EUR 23,000 thousand, the maturity is 31 December 
2028, a commercial pledge is on the Company's claims for loans under the Program to secure the fulfilment of its 
obligations. The size and pace of its drawdown depends on the volume of new loan transactions. The maximum amount 
of the secured claim is EUR 27,600 thousand. 
▪ Parallel Loan Program: amount of loan agreement is EUR 20,000 thousand, maturity is 31 January 2036, a commercial 
pledge is on the Company's claims for loans under the Program. The size and pace of its drawdown depends on the 
volume of new loan transactions. The maximum secured claim is EUR 24,000 thousand. 
Accrued interest on loans received from the Treasury as at 31 December 2019 is EUR 1 thousand (31 December 2018: EUR 0.5 
thousand). 
More information is available in Note 3 (1) on Maximum exposure to credit risk.

--- Page 285 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
71 
 
29 Support programme funding 
The Group’s / Company’s information on the risk coverage reserve included in the support programme funding and state aid, 
which can be used for covering the Group’s / Company’s credit risk losses, in thousands of euro: 
 
31.12.2019. 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial Instrument / Programme 
Programme 
funding 
Credit risk 
coverage 
Provisions 
covered by 
risk coverage 
Accrued 
liabilities on 
state aid 
Fair 
value 
correction 
Net 
programme 
funding 
Loans 
  
  
  
  
  
  
ERDF II 
 13 324  
 4 318  
 (902) 
 3 093  
 (8 489) 
 7 026  
ESF II 
 1 523  
 478  
 (132) 
 771  
 (1 320) 
 842  
Microcredits of Swiss programme 
 5 610  
 718  
 (24) 
 331  
 (483) 
 5 434  
ERDF I 
 886  
 138  
 (17) 
 27  
 (327) 
 569  
ESF I 
 317  
 58  
 (37) 
 -    
 -    
 280  
Microcredits 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
ERDF II (second round) 
 6 366  
 745  
 (124) 
 566  
 (1 223) 
 5 585  
Incubators (from ESF II) 
 80  
 11  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 80  
ERAF II 2 Public fund 
 285  
 129  
 (15) 
 -    
 -    
 270  
Fund of Funds programme – Start-up loans  
 2 623  
 2 623  
 (355) 
 -    
 -    
 2 268  
Fund of Funds programme – Microcredits 
 309  
 309  
 (29) 
 -    
 -    
 280  
Fund of Funds programme – Parallel loans 
 3 425  
 3 425  
 (1 907) 
 -    
 -    
 1 518  
Energy Efficiency Programme for Multi-apartment Buildings Loans 
 3 751  
 3 751  
 (14) 
 -    
 -    
 3 737  
Start-up State Aid Cumulation Lending Programme  
 1 994  
 1 994  
 (277) 
 -    
 (16) 
 1 701  
Other loans to start-ups  
 1 583  
 487  
 (91) 
 89  
 (254) 
 1 327  
Mezzanine Programme – Loans 
 3 148  
 2 518  
 (1 626) 
 -    
 -    
 1 522  
Guarantees and interest grants programme 
 4 184  
 4 184  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 4 184  
SME energy efficiency loans 
 1 723  
 1 723  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1 723  
Parallel loans 
 2 000  
 2 000  
 (114) 
 -    
 -    
 1 886  
Loans for enterprises in rural territories 
 6 304  
 599  
 (29) 
 -    
 -    
 6 275  
Parallel loans to large entrepreneurs 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Total loans 
 59 435 * 
 30 208  
 (5 693) 
 4 877  
 (12 112) 
 46 507  
Guarantees 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Fund of Funds programme - Guarantees  
 21 566  
 21 566  
 (8 591) 
 -    
 -    
 12 975  
Energy Efficiency Programme for Multi-apartment Buildings Guarantees 
 6 163  
 4 917  
 (1 007) 
 -    
 -    
 5 156  
Housing Guarantee Programme 
 14 005  
 14 005  
 (8 093) 
 -    
 -    
 5 912  
Guarantee Programme for Clients of State Aid Accumulation, Grace 
Period and Large Economic Operators 
 7 753  
 7 753  
 (1 225) 
 -    
 -    
 6 528  
Mezzanine Programme - Guarantees 
 1 363  
 1 090  
 (1 341) 
 -    
 -    
 22  
Portfolio Guarantee Fund 
 4 069  
 4 069  
 (1 235) 
 -    
 -    
 2 834  
Export guarantees  
 2 007  
 2 007  
 (292) 
 -    
 -    
 1 715  
Agricultural Guarantees 
 1 058  
 1 058  
 (352) 
 -    
 -    
 706  
Total guarantees 
 57 984  
 56 465  
 (22 136) 
 -    
 -    
 35 848  
Grants 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Energy Efficiency Programme for Multi-apartment Buildings Grants 
 25 567  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 25 567  
Social Entrepreneurship Programme  
 1 084  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1 084  
Grants for development of energy efficiency projects 
 341  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 341  
Total grants 
 26 992  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 26 992  
Venture Capital Funds 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Fund of Funds and venture capital funds 
 13 412  
 10 730  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 13 412  
Investment Fund Activity 
 2 812  
 2 375  
 -    
 -    
 (166) 
 2 646  
Baltic Innovation Fund 
 2 000  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2 000  
Baltic Innovation Fund II 
 833  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 833  
Total venture capital funds 
 19 057  
 13 105  
 -    
 -    
 (166) 
 18 891  
Other Activities 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Energy Efficiency Fund 
 492  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 492  
Regional Creative Industries Alliance  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Total other activities 
 492  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 492  
Total support programme funding 
 163 960 ** 
 99 778  
 (27 829) 
 4 877  
 (12 278) 
 128 730  
* Support programme funding includes funding that is planned to be reallocated to other support programmes. Funding is planned to be 
reallocated in 2020. 
** Support programme funding contains EUR 7,934 thousand allocated for management costs of the Group / Company to be compensated 
from support programme funding.

--- Page 286 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
72 
 
29 Support programme funding (cont’d) 
The Group’s / Company’s information on the risk coverage reserve included in the support programme funding and state aid, 
which can be used for covering the Group’s / Company’s credit risk losses, in thousands of euro: 
 
31.12.2018. 
 
 
 
Financial Instrument / Programme 
Programme 
funding 
Credit risk 
coverage 
Provisions 
covered by 
risk coverage 
Net 
programme 
funding 
Loans 
  
  
  
  
ERDF II 
 11 888  
 5 208  
 (984) 
 10 904  
ESF II 
 1 422  
 1 225  
 (363) 
 1 059  
Microcredits of Swiss programme 
 5 435  
 1 366  
 (43) 
 5 392  
ERDF I 
 606  
 197  
 (28) 
 578  
ESF I 
 380  
 157  
 (77) 
 303  
Microcredits 
 15  
 -    
 -    
 15  
ERDF II (second round) 
 5 733  
 1 662  
 (186) 
 5 547  
Incubators (from ESF II) 
 78  
 20  
 (2) 
 76  
ERAF II 2 Public fund 
 2 396  
 317  
 (16) 
 2 380  
Fund of Funds programme – Start-up loans  
 2 283  
 2 282  
 (354) 
 1 929  
Fund of Funds programme – Microcredits 
 297  
 297  
 (42) 
 255  
Fund of Funds programme – Parallel loans 
 2 143  
 2 143  
 (2 044) 
 99  
Energy Efficiency Programme for Multi-apartment Buildings Loans 
 2 388  
 2 388  
 -    
 2 388  
Start-up State Aid Cumulation Lending Programme  
 1 000  
 1 000  
 (342) 
 658  
Other loans to start-ups  
 2 407  
 898  
 (94) 
 2 313  
Mezzanine Programme – Loans 
 2 656  
 2 125  
 (2 028) 
 628  
Guarantees and interest grants programme 
 4 278  
 4 278  
 -    
 4 278  
SME energy efficiency loans 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Parallel loans 
 2 000  
 2 000  
 (21) 
 1 979  
Loans for enterprises in rural territories 
 2 499  
 175  
 (2) 
 2 497  
Parallel loans to large entrepreneurs 
 580  
 580  
 -    
 580  
Total loans 
 50 484  
 28 318  
 (6 626) 
 43 858  
Guarantees 
  
  
  
  
Fund of Funds programme - Guarantees  
 14 981  
 14 981  
 (4 254) 
 10 727  
Energy Efficiency Programme for Multi-apartment Buildings Guarantees 
 3 008  
 2 400  
 (530) 
 2 478  
Housing Guarantee Programme 
 6 849  
 6 849  
 (5 769) 
 1 080  
Guarantee Programme for Clients of State Aid Accumulation, Grace Period and Large Economic 
Operators 
 6 158  
 6 158  
 (1 090) 
 5 068  
Mezzanine Programme – Guarantees 
 1 150  
 920  
 (878) 
 272  
Portfolio Guarantee Fund 
 1 923  
 1 923  
 (42) 
 1 881  
Export guarantees  
 2 030  
 2 030  
 (79) 
 1 951  
Agricultural Guarantees 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Total guarantees 
 36 099  
 35 261  
 (12 642) 
 23 457  
Grants 
  
  
  
  
Energy Efficiency Programme for Multi-apartment Buildings Grants 
 31 305  
 -    
 -    
 31 305  
Social Entrepreneurship Programme  
 302  
 -    
 -    
 302  
Grants for development of energy efficiency projects 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Total grants 
 31 607  
 -    
 -    
 31 607  
Venture Capital Funds 
  
  
  
  
Fund of Funds and venture capital funds 
 24 914  
 19 931  
 -    
 24 914  
Investment Fund Activity 
 1 130  
 836  
 -    
 1 130  
Baltic Innovation Fund 
 1 860  
 930  
 -    
 1 860  
Baltic Innovation Fund II 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Total venture capital funds 
 27 904  
 21 697  
 -    
 27 904  
Other Activities 
  
  
  
  
Energy Efficiency Fund 
 133  
 -    
 -    
 133  
Regional Creative Industries Alliance  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Total other activities 
 133  
 -    
 -    
 133  
Total support programme funding 
 146 227  
 85 276  
 (19 268) 
 126 959

--- Page 287 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
73 
 
29 Support programme funding (cont’d) 
Based on the concluded programme implementation contracts, the funding received could be reduced by the outstanding 
principal amount of the loans classified as lost, non-repaid loan principal amount and / or disbursements of guarantee 
compensations. The Group / Company need not have to repay the reductions of funding to the funding provider. 
Movement in the Group’s / Company’s support programme funding in 2019, in thousands of euro: 
Financial Instrument / 
Programme 
Finan- 
cing 
Finan- 
cing 
received 
Reallo-
cated 
funding 
between 
program-
mes 
Compen-
sated 
grants 
Compen-
sated 
income 
and 
expense 
Revalua-
tion of 
liabilities 
Profit 
distri- 
bution 
Other 
changes 
Financing, 
gross 
Provi- 
sions 
covered 
by risk 
coverage 
Financing, 
net 
 
31.12.2018. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
31.12.2019. 
 
31.12.2019. 
Loans 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
ERDF II 
 11 888  
 -    
 (3 990) 
 -    
 (57) 
 -    
 87  
 -    
 7 928  
 (902) 
 7 026  
ESF II 
 1 422  
 -    
 (247) 
 -    
 (272) 
 -    
 48  
 24  
 975  
 (132) 
 843  
Microcredits of Swiss programme 
 5 435  
 -    
 (52) 
 -    
 (5) 
 -    
 80  
 -    
 5 458  
 (24) 
 5 434  
ERDF I 
 606  
 -    
 (9) 
 -    
 (11) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 586  
 (17) 
 569  
ESF I 
 380  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (65) 
 -    
 1  
 -    
 316  
 (37) 
 279  
Microcredits 
 15  
 -    
 (15) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
ERDF II (second round) 
 5 733  
 -    
 (181) 
 -    
 (41) 
 -    
 144  
 56  
 5 711  
 (124) 
 5 587  
Incubators (from ESF II) 
 78  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2  
 -    
 80  
 -    
 80  
ERAF II 2 Public fund 
 2 396  
 -    
 (2 111) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 285  
 (15) 
 270  
Fund of Funds programme – 
Start-up loans  
 2 283  
 -    
 300  
 -    
 (5) 
 46  
 -    
 -    
 2 624  
 (355) 
 2 269  
Fund of Funds programme – 
Microcredits 
 297  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 11  
 -    
 -    
 308  
 (29) 
 279  
Fund of Funds programme – 
Parallel loans 
 2 143  
 -    
 1 273  
 -    
 -    
 9  
 -    
 -    
 3 425  
 (1 907) 
 1 518  
Energy Efficiency Programme for 
Multi-apartment Buildings – Loan 
Fund 
 2 388  
 4 437  
 (3 071) 
 -    
 (17) 
 -    
 14  
 -    
 3 751  
 (14) 
 3 737  
Start-up State Aid Cumulation 
Lending Programme  
 1 000  
 1 000  
 -    
 -    
 (22) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1 978  
 (277) 
 1 701  
Other loans to start-ups  
 2 407  
 -    
 (1 028) 
 -    
 (87) 
 -    
 117  
 9  
 1 418  
 (91) 
 1 327  
Mezzanine Programme – Loans 
 2 656  
 -    
 184  
 -    
 308  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 3 148  
 (1 626) 
 1 522  
Guarantees and interest grants 
programme 
 4 278  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (95) 
 4 183  
 -    
 4 183  
SME energy efficiency loans 
 -    
 1 723  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1 723  
 -    
 1 723  
Parallel loans 
 2 000  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2 000  
 (114) 
 1 886  
Loans for enterprises in rural 
territories 
 2 499  
 3 804  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 6 303  
 (29) 
 6 274  
Parallel loans to large 
entrepreneurs 
 580  
 -    
 (580) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Total loans 
 50 484  
 10 964  
 (9 527) 
 -    
 (274) 
 66  
 493  
 (6) 
 52 200  
 (5 693) 
 46 507  
Guarantees 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Fund of Funds programme - 
Guarantees  
 14 981  
 -    
 7 000  
 -    
 (416) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 21 565  
 (8 591) 
 12 974  
Energy Efficiency Programme for 
Multi-apartment Buildings - 
Guarantees 
 3 008  
 -    
 3 200  
 -    
 (167) 
 -    
 122  
 -    
 6 163  
 (1 007) 
 5 156  
Housing Guarantee Programme 
 6 849  
 7 156  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 14 005  
 (8 093) 
 5 912  
Guarantee Programme for 
Clients of State Aid 
Accumulation, Grace Period 
and Large Economic Operators 
 6 158  
 -    
 1 595  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 7 753  
 (1 225) 
 6 528  
Mezzanine Programme - 
Guarantees 
 1 150  
 -    
 80  
 -    
 133  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1 363  
 (1 341) 
 22  
Portfolio Guarantee Fund 
 1 923  
 -    
 2 200  
 -    
 (54) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 4 069  
 (1 235) 
 2 834  
Export guarantees  
 2 030  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (23) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2 007  
 (292) 
 1 715  
Agricultural Guarantees 
 -    
 1 100  
 -    
 -    
 (42) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1 058  
 (352) 
 706  
Total guarantees 
 36 099  
 8 256  
 14 075  
 -    
 (569) 
 -    
 122  
 -    
 57 983  
 (22 136) 
 35 847  
Grants 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Energy Efficiency Programme for 
Multi-apartment Buildings – 
Grants 
 31 305  
 22 000  
 -    
 (27 156) 
 (582) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 25 567  
 -    
 25 567  
Social Entrepreneurship 
Programme  
 302  
 2 140  
 -    
 (1 166) 
 (192) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1 084  
 -    
 1 084  
Grants for development of 
energy efficiency projects 
 -    
 389  
 -    
 (16) 
 (32) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 341  
 -    
 341  
Total grants 
 31 607  
 24 529  
 -    
 (28 338) 
 (806) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 26 992  
 -    
 26 992

--- Page 288 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
74 
 
29 Support programme funding (cont’d) 
Movement in the Group’s / Company’s support programme funding in 2019, in thousands of euro: (cont’d) 
Financial Instrument / 
Programme 
Finan- 
cing 
Finan- 
cing 
received 
Reallo-
cated 
funding 
between 
program-
mes 
Compen-
sated 
grants 
Compen-
sated 
income 
and 
expense 
Revalua-
tion of 
liabilities 
Profit 
distri- 
bution 
Other 
changes 
Financing, 
gross 
Provi- 
sions 
covered 
by risk 
coverage 
Financing, 
net 
 
31.12.2018. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
31.12.2019. 
 
31.12.2019. 
Venture Capital Funds 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Fund of Funds and venture 
capital funds 
 24 914  
 -    
 (8 365) 
 -    
 (3 343) 
 (100) 
 306  
 -    
 13 412  
 -    
 13 412  
Investment Fund Activity 
 1 130  
 -    
 2 817  
 -    
 (1 268) 
 (35) ** 
 -    
 -    
 2 644  
 -    
 2 644  
Baltic Innovation Fund 
 1 860  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (71) 
 -    
 -    
 212 * 
 2 001  
 -    
 2 001  
Baltic Innovation Fund II 
 -    
 -    
 1 000  
 -    
 (167) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 833  
 -    
 833  
Total venture capital funds 
 27 904  
 -    
 (4 548) 
 -    
 (4 849) 
 (135) 
 306  
 212  
 18 890  
 -    
 18 890  
Other Activities 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Energy Efficiency Fund 
 133  
 413  
 -    
 -    
 (52) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 494  
 -    
 494  
Regional Creative Industries 
Alliance  
 -    
 14  
 -    
 -    
 (14) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Total other activities 
 133  
 427  
 -    
 -    
 (66) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 494  
 -    
 494  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Total support programme 
funding 
 146 227  
 44 176  
 -    
 (28 338) 
 (6 564) 
 (69) 
 921  
 206  
 156 559  
 (27 829) 
 128 730  
 
* include mezzanine interest received from Baltic Innovation Fund in 2019 in amount of EUR 92 thsd. 
** include EUR 1 133 thsd realised gain on investments in venture capital funds. 
30 Provisions 
Breakdown of the Group’s / Company’s impairment allowances for financial guarantees and off-balance sheet items, in 
thousands of euro: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
Provisions for financial guarantees 
 30 606  
 24 144  
 30 606  
 24 144  
Group’s / Company’s share of provisions 
 9 294  
 10 982  
 9 294  
 10 982  
Provisions covered by risk coverage 
 21 312  
 13 162  
 21 312  
 13 162  
Provisions for loan commitments 
 458  
 1 220  
 458  
 1 220  
Group’s / Company’s share of provisions 
 132  
 88  
 132  
 88  
Provisions covered by risk coverage 
 326  
 1 132  
 326  
 1 132  
Provisions for grant commitments 
 12  
 9  
 12  
 9  
Group’s / Company’s share of provisions 
 12  
 9  
 12  
 9  
Provisions covered by risk coverage 
 -    
 -    
  
 -    
Total provisions 
 31 076  
 25 373  
 31 076  
 25 373  
Group’s / Company’s share of provisions 
 9 438  
 11 079  
 9 438  
 11 079  
Provisions covered by risk coverage 
 21 638  
 14 294  
 21 638  
 14 294  
 
Movement in the Group’s / Company’s provisions for financial guarantees, in thousands of euro: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2018.-
31.12.2018. 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2018.-
31.12.2018. 
Provisions at the beginning of the period 
 24 144  
 5 986  
 24 144  
 5 986  
Impact of IFRS 9 adaption 
 -  
 6 123  
 -  
 6 123  
Reclassification IAS 37 (Provisions for onerous contracts)  
 -  
 8 544  
 -  
 8 544  
Provisions covered by risk coverage 
 -  
 2 196  
 -  
 2 196  
Provisions as at 1 January 2018  
 24 144  
 22 849  
 24 144  
 22 849  
Increase in provisions (Note 13) 
 15 752  
 8 174  
 15 752  
 8 174  
Decrease in provisions (Note 13) 
 (6 692) 
 (6 876) 
 (6 692) 
 (6 876) 
Reclassification (Disbursed guarantee)  
 (2 597) 
 -    
 (2 597) 
 -    
Currency change 
 (1) 
 (3) 
 (1) 
 (3) 
Provisions at the end of the period 
 30 606  
 24 144  
 30 606  
 24 144  
Group’s / Company’s share of provisions 
 9 294  
 10 982  
 9 294  
 10 982  
Provisions covered by risk coverage 
 21 312  
 13 162  
 21 312  
 13 162

--- Page 289 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
75 
 
31 Other Liabilities 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
Due to customers 
 1 465  
 1 895  
 1 465  
 1 895  
Other liabilities 
 1 321  
 811  
 1 308  
 748  
Total other liabilities 
 2 786  
 2 706  
 2 773  
 2 643  
The Group’s / Company’s sub-item Due to customers include funds received from clients of the Group / Company to be used 
for repayment of the loans at a later stage. 
The Group’s / Company’s sub-item Other liabilities include short-term funds, which are connected with other liabilities. 
32 Accrued Expense 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
Other accrued expense 
 459  
 461  
 459  
 461  
Audit services 
 18  
 15  
 18  
 15  
Bonuses of the employees and the Management Board 
 1  
 354  
 1  
 354  
Total accrued expense 
 478  
 830  
 478  
 830  
33 Issued Debt Securities 
In June 2019, the Company’s third bond issue took place totalling EUR 15 million. All bonds are listed on the Nasdaq Baltic 
Bond List. 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
Currency 
Number 
of 
initially 
issued 
securities 
Par 
Value 
Date of 
issuance 
Maturity 
Date 
Discount 
/ 
Coupon 
Rate 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
LV0000802353 
EUR 
 20 000  
 1 000  
17.10.2017 
17.10.2024 
1.37% 
 19 912  
 19 883  
 19 912  
 19 883  
LV0000880037 
EUR 
 10 000  
 1 000  
07.03.2018 
07.03.2025 
1.30% 
 10 229  
 10 060  
 10 229  
 10 060  
LV0000880037 
EUR 
 15 000  
 1 000  
05.06.2019 
07.03.2025 
1.30% 
 15 207  
 -    
 15 207  
 -    
Total issued debt securities at the end of period ended 31 December 
 45 348  
 29 943  
 45 348  
 29 943  
 
So called “Green bonds” are financial instruments used to support sustainability projects in Latvia, while providing the 
Company with an opportunity to diversify Company’s funding base and support development of the Baltic Bond market. 
For details on the recognition and measurement for these liabilities, refer Note 2 (5) item (xix). 
Movements in the Company’s issued debt securities, in thousands of euro: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
At the beginning of period 
 29 943  
 19 852  
 29 943  
 19 852  
Bond issue 
 15 000  
 10 000  
 15 000  
 10 000  
Accrued coupon 
 550  
 370  
 550  
 370  
Coupon pay-out 
 (390) 
 (260) 
 (390) 
 (260) 
Discount amortisation 
 264  
 -    
 264  
  
Commission amortisation 
 (19) 
 (19) 
 (19) 
 (19) 
Total issued debt securities at the end of period ended 31 December 
 45 348  
 29 943  
 45 348  
 29 943

--- Page 290 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
76 
 
34 Share capital 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Quantity 
Carrying amount 
 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
Fully paid share capital 
  
  
  
  
Ordinary shares 
 204 862 333  
 204 862 333  
 204 862  
 204 862  
Total fully paid share capital 
 204 862 333  
 204 862 333  
 204 862  
 204 862  
The decision about establishment of the Company was made by the Latvian Cabinet decision on 17 December 2013. The 
Company was registered in the Commercial Register on 27 December 2013, having share capital of LVL 400,130, which 
corresponds to 569,334 euros.  
A capital increase was made on 11 September 2014 by investing equity shares of Latvian Guarantee Agency Ltd, the SJSC 
Latvian Development Finance Institution ALTUM and the SJSC Rural Development Fund. The amount of share capital after its 
increase was 204,862,333 euros. The face value of each share is 1 euro.  
All shares of the JSC Development Finance Institution Altum are owned by the Government of Latvia. The Ministry of Finance 
was appointed to be the shareholder until 28 February 2015. According to the Development Finance Institution Law that came 
to effect on 1 March 2015, as of its effective day, the holder of 40% of the financial institution’s shares is the Ministry of Finance, 
the holder of 30% of shares – the Ministry of Economy, and the holder of 30% of shares – the Ministry of Agriculture.  
For more information see Note 1 (1). 
35 Reserves 
Analysis of the Group’s reserves movements, in thousands of euro: 
 
Specific reserves 
 
 
 
  
Difference 
recognised in 
Group’s 
reorganisation 
reserve 
Reserve capital 
for Housing 
Guarantee 
Programme 
General 
reserve capital 
Revaluation 
reserve of 
financial assets 
measured at 
fair value 
through other 
comprehensive 
income 
Reserves 
Reserves as at 31 December 2017 
 (14 827) 
 9 695  
 5 854  
 7 931  
 8 653  
Impact of IFRS 9 adoption 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (1 839) 
 (1 839) 
Reserves as at 1 January 2018 
 (14 827) 
 9 695  
 5 854  
 6 092  
 6 814  
Changes of reserves  
 (753) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (753) 
Increase of reserve capital  
 -    
 2 112  
 -    
 -    
 2 112  
Distribution of 2017 profit of the Company  
 -    
 -  
 5 884  
 -    
 5 884  
(Decrease) in revaluation reserve of financial assets measured 
at fair value through other comprehensive income (Note 37) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (2 495) 
 (2 495) 
Reserves as at 31 December 2018 
 (15 580) 
 11 807  
 11 738  
 3 597  
 11 562  
Increase of reserve capital  
 -    
 3 700  
 -    
 -    
 3 700  
Distribution of previous years’ profit  
 -    
 -    
 808  
 -    
 808  
Distribution of 2018 profit of the Company  
 -    
 -    
 4 092  
 -    
 4 092  
(Decrease) in revaluation reserve of financial assets measured 
at fair value through other comprehensive income (Note 37) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (959) 
 (959) 
Reserves as at 31 December 2019 
 (15 580) 
 15 507  
 16 638  
 2 638  
 19 203

--- Page 291 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
77 
 
35 Reserves (cont’d) 
Analysis of the Company’s reserves movements, in thousands of euro: 
 
Specific reserves 
 
 
 
  
Difference 
recognised in 
Group’s 
reorganisation 
reserve 
Reserve capital 
for Housing 
Guarantee 
Programme 
General 
reserve capital 
Revaluation 
reserve of 
financial assets 
measured at 
fair value 
through other 
comprehensive 
income 
Reserves 
Reserves as at 31 December 2017 
 (15 935) 
 9 695  
 5 854  
 7 931  
 7 545  
Impact of IFRS 9 adoption  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (1 839) 
 (1 839) 
Reserves as at 1 January 2018 
 (15 935) 
 9 695  
 5 854  
 6 092  
 5 706  
Distribution of 2017 profit of the Company 
 -    
 -  
 5 884  
 -    
 5 884  
Increase of reserve capital  
 -    
 2 112  
 -    
 -    
 2 112  
(Decrease) in revaluation reserves of financial assets measured 
at fair value through other comprehensive income (Note 37) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (2 495) 
 (2 495) 
Reserves as at 31 December 2018 
 (15 935) 
 11 807  
 11 738  
 3 597  
 11 207  
Distribution of 2018 profit of the Company 
 -    
 -    
 4 462  
 -    
 4 462  
Distribution of previous years’ profit  
 -    
 -    
 791  
 -    
 791  
Increase of reserve capital  
 -    
 3 700  
 -    
 -    
 3 700  
(Decrease) in revaluation reserves of financial assets measured 
at fair value through other comprehensive income (Note 37) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (959) 
 (959) 
Reserves as at 31 December 2019 
 (15 935) 
 15 507  
 16 991  
 2 638  
 19 201  
36 Off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
Contingent liabilities: 
  
  
  
  
Outstanding guarantees 
 284 232  
 236 895  
 284 232  
 236 895  
Financial commitments: 
  
  
  
  
Loan commitments 
 18 951  
 19 611  
 18 951  
 19 611  
Grant commitments 
 7 726  
 7 320  
 7 726  
 7 320  
Commitments to venture capital funds 
 70 497  
 60 258  
 83 968  
 60 258  
Total contingent liabilities 
 381 406  
 324 084  
 394 877  
 324 084  
 
Group’s / Company’s provisions for loan commitments, in thousands of euro: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
Unutilised loan facilities 
 18 951  
 19 611  
 18 951  
 19 611  
Impairment allowances 
 (458) 
 (1 220) 
 (458) 
 (1 220) 
Total unutilized loan facilities, net 
 18 493  
 18 391  
 18 493  
 18 391  
 
Group’s / Company’s provisions for grant commitments, in thousands of euro: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
Grant commitments 
 7 726  
 7 320  
 7 726  
 7 320  
Impairment allowances 
 (11) 
 (9) 
 (11) 
 (9) 
Total grant commitments, net 
 7 715  
 7 311  
 7 715  
 7 311

--- Page 292 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
78 
 
36 Off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities 
(cont’d) 
Breakdown of the Group’s off-balance sheet assets and contingent liabilities by remaining contractual maturities as at 31 
December 2019, in thousands of euro: 
  
Up to 1 
month  
1 to 3 
months  
3 to 6 
months  
6 to 12 
months  
1 to 5 years  
Over 5 years 
and w/o 
maturity 
Total 
Contingent liabilities 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Outstanding guarantees 
 284 232  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 284 232  
Financial commitments 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Loan commitments 
 18 951  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 18 951  
Grant commitments 
 7 726  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 7 726  
Commitments to venture capital funds 
 600  
 1 798  
 2 397  
 7 190  
 43 003  
 15 509  
 70 497  
Total financial commitments 
 27 277  
 1 798  
 2 397  
 7 190  
 43 003  
 15 509  
 97 174  
Total contingent liabilities and financial 
commitments 
 311 509  
 1 798  
 2 397  
 7 190  
 43 003  
 15 509  
 381 406  
 
Breakdown of the Company’s off-balance sheet assets and contingent liabilities by remaining contractual maturities as at 31 
December 2019, in thousands of euro: 
  
Up to 1 
month  
1 to 3 
months  
3 to 6 
months  
6 to 12 
months  
1 to 5 years  
Over 5 years 
and w/o 
maturity 
Total 
Contingent liabilities 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Outstanding guarantees 
 284 232  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 284 232  
Financial commitments 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Loan commitments 
 18 951  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 18 951  
Grant commitments 
 7 726  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 7 726  
Commitments to venture capital funds 
 714  
 2 141  
 2 855  
 8 565  
 51 220  
 18 473  
 83 968  
Total financial commitments 
 27 391  
 2 141  
 2 855  
 8 565  
 51 220  
 18 473  
 110 645  
Total contingent liabilities and financial 
commitments 
 311 623  
 2 141  
 2 855  
 8 565  
 51 220  
 18 473  
 394 877  
 
Breakdown of the Group’s / Company’s off-balance sheet assets and contingent liabilities by remaining contractual maturities 
as at 31 December 2018, in thousands of euro: 
  
Up to 1 
month  
1 to 3 
months  
3 to 6 
months  
6 to 12 
months  
1 to 5 years  
Over 5 years 
and w/o 
maturity 
Total 
Contingent liabilities 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Outstanding guarantees 
 236 895  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 236 895  
Financial commitments 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Loan commitments 
 19 611  
  -  
  -  
 -   
 -   
 -   
 19 611  
Grant commitments 
 7 320  
  -  
  -  
 -   
 -   
 -   
 7 320  
Commitments to venture capital funds 
 600  
 2 100  
 4 600  
 10 000  
 38 000  
 4 958  
 60 258  
Total financial commitments 
 27 531  
 2 100  
 4 600  
 10 000  
 38 000  
 4 958  
 87 189  
Total contingent liabilities and financial 
commitments 
 264 426  
 2 100  
 4 600  
 10 000  
 38 000  
 4 958  
 324 084  
 
Commitments to venture capital funds are contingent liabilities, which are based on agreements between the Group / 
Company and the venture capital fund which put an obligation on the Group / Company to allocate financial resources to 
the fund. 
For more information on the classification of the new VCFs see Note 1.

--- Page 293 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
79 
 
36 Off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities 
(cont’d) 
Approved funding for the VCFs, in thousands of euro: 
 
 
Committed funding 
Approved funding not invested 
 
Contract period 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
Venture capital funds classified as Subsidiaries 
 
 2 387  
 2 387  
 1 508  
 746  
KS Overkill Ventures Fund I 
09.05.2026 
 3 200  
 3 200  
 2 114  
 2 783  
KS Buildit Latvia Pre-Seed Fund  
20.06.2026 
 3 200  
 3 200  
 1 914  
 2 697  
KS Commercialization Reactor Pre-seed Fund 
24.07.2026 
 3 200  
 3 200  
 2 149  
 2 933  
KS INEC 1 
29.11.2028 
 5 250  
 5 250  
 3 770  
 4 449  
KS INEC 2 
29.11.2028 
 4 500  
 4 500  
 3 523  
 4 456  
Venture capital funds classified as Associates 
 
 
 
 
 
KS Overkill Ventures Fund II  
09.08.2026 
 1 800  
 1 800  
 1 630  
 1 771  
KS Buildit Latvia Seed Fund  
30.06.2026 
 1 800  
 1 800  
 1 600  
 1 765  
KS Commercialization Reactor Seed Fund 
22.08.2026 
 1 800  
 1 800  
 1 739  
 1 773  
KS ZGI-4  
24.08.2028 
 15 000  
 15 000  
 12 028  
 14 778  
KS Baltcap Latvia Venture Capital Fund 
22.01.2021 
 20 000  
 20 000  
 3 841  
 3 994  
KS Imprimatur Capital Technology Venture Fund 
11.06.2020 
 4 966  
 4 966  
 332  
 419  
KS Imprimatur Capital Seed Fund 
11.06.2020 
 10 000  
 10 000  
 646  
 755  
KS ZGI-3 
31.12.2020 
 11 800  
 11 800  
 1 048  
 1 236  
KS FlyCap investment Fund  
31.12.2020 
 15 000  
 15 000  
 1 292  
 1 484  
KS Expansion Capital fund 
31.12.2020 
 15 000  
 15 000  
 299  
 299  
Baltic Innovation Fund I 
01.01.2029 
 26 000  
 26 000  
 11 067  
 14 667  
Baltic Innovation Fund II 
 
 26 500  
 -    
 25 583  
 -    
Total funding 
  
 169 016  
 142 516  
 74 575  
 60 259  
 
37 Revaluation reserve of financial assets measured at 
fair value through other comprehensive income 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
At the beginning of period 
 3 597  
 6 092  
 3 597  
 6 092  
(Loss) from changes in fair value 
 (851) 
 (2 472) 
 (851) 
 (2 472) 
(Loss) from sales 
 (94) 
 (55) 
 (94) 
 (55) 
Impairment loss* 
 (14) 
 32  
 (14) 
 32  
Other comprehensive income (Note 35) 
 (959) 
 (2 495) 
 (959) 
 (2 495) 
Revaluation reserve of financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income at the end of period ended December 31 
 2 638  
 3 597  
 2 638  
 3 597  
* For more information see Note 2 (5) item (xiv). 
38 Grants 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
Energy Efficiency Programme for Multi-apartment Buildings 
 16 826  
 22 575  
 16 826  
 22 575  
Social Entrepreneurship Programme 
 371  
 -    
 371  
 -    
Grants for development of energy efficiency projects 
 1  
 -    
 1  
 -    
Total grants, gross 
 17 198  
 22 575  
 17 198  
 22 575  
Impairment allowances 
 (12) 
 (14) 
 (12) 
 (14) 
Total grants, net 
 17 186  
 22 561  
 17 186  
 22 561

--- Page 294 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
80 
 
38 Grants (cont’d) 
Movement in the Group’s / Company’s net book value of grants, in thousands of euro: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2018.-
31.12.2018. 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2018.-
31.12.2018. 
Grants 
  
  
  
  
At the beginning of period 
 22 575  
 -    
 22 575  
 -    
Changes 
 (5 377) 
 -    
 (5 377) 
 -    
Reclassification 
 -    
 22 575  
 -    
 22 575  
At the end of period ended 31 December 
 17 198  
 22 575  
 17 198  
 22 575  
Impairment provision  
  
  
  
  
At the beginning of period 
 14  
 -    
 14  
 -    
Changes 
 (2) 
 -    
 (2) 
 -    
Reclassification 
 -    
 14  
 -    
 14  
At the end of period ended 31 December 
 12  
 14  
 12  
 14  
Grants net book at the beginning of the period 
 22 561  
 -    
 22 561  
 -    
Grants net book value at the end of the period ended 31 December 
 17 186  
 22 561  
 17 186  
 22 561  
39 Related party transactions 
Related parties are defined as members of the Supervisory Council and the Management Board of the Group/Company, 
their close family members, as well as companies under their control. 
In accordance with International Accounting Standard (IAS) 24 “Related Party Disclosures”, the key management personnel, 
directly or indirectly authorised and responsible for planning, management and control of the Group’s / Company’s 
operations are treated as related parties to the Group / Company. The powers granted to the heads of the structural units of 
the Group / Company do not entitle them to manage the operations of the Group / Company and decide on material 
transactions that could affect the Group’s / Company’s operations and/or result in legal consequences. 
The Group’s balances from transactions with related parties, including off-balance sheet financial liabilities, in thousands of 
euro: 
 
People with significant 
control (PSC) 
Transactions with 
shareholders 
Associates 
Other companies owned by 
the Group’s shareholders 
 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
Investments in venture 
capital funds – associates 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 51 410  
 50 239  
 -    
 -    
Assets held for sale  
 -    
 11 343  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Due to general governments 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 5 565  
 7 171  
Support programme funding 
 -    
 -    
 119 945  
 102 045  
 -    
 -    
 35 480  
 23 422  
Off-balance sheet financial 
liabilities for venture capital 
funds 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 70 497  
 43 952  
 -    
 -    
 
The Company’s balances from transactions with related parties, including off-balance sheet financial liabilities, in thousands 
of euro: 
 
Transactions with 
shareholders 
Associates 
Other companies owned by 
the Group’s shareholders 
Investments in subsidiaries 
 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
Investments in venture 
capital funds – associates 
 -    
 -    
 51 410  
 50 239  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Investments in subsidiaries  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 3 812  
 1 492  
Due to general governments 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 5 565  
 7 171  
 -    
 -    
Support programme funding 
 119 945  
 103 537  
 -    
 -    
 35 480  
 23 422  
 -    
 -    
Off-balance sheet financial 
liabilities for venture capital 
funds 
 -    
 -    
 70 497  
 43 952  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
The Company has entered into a number of transactions with other public authorities. The most significant were obtaining 
financing from the Investment and Development Agency of Latvia, Ministry of Finance, Ministry of Economics, Rural Support 
Service and Central Finance and Contracting Agency, which co-finance the development programmes of the Company.

--- Page 295 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
81 
 
39 Related party transactions (cont’d) 
The Group’s / Company’s transactions with related parties, in thousands of euro: 
 
 
Received State aid funding 
Issued State aid funding or funding 
paid back 
 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2018.-
31.12.2018. 
01.01.2019.-
31.12.2019. 
01.01.2018.-
31.12.2018. 
Transactions with shareholders 
  
  
  
  
Ministry of Finance of the Republic of Latvia 
 42 491  
 - 
 -    
 -    
Ministry of Economy of the Republic of Latvia 
 7 156  
 6 244  
 (732) 
 -    
Ministry of Wealth Fair of the Republic of Latvia 
 2 140  
 1 209  
 -    
 (1 027) 
Associates 
  
  
  
  
Venture capital funds 
 6 324  
 4 553  
 (5 303) 
 (6 821) 
Other companies owned by the Group’s shareholders 
  
  
  
  
Rural Support Service 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Central Finance and Contracting Agency of the Republic of Latvia 
 4 437  
 46 180  
 (27) 
 (1 109) 
In the reporting period, the remuneration of the members of the Supervisory Council, Audit Committee and the Management 
Board of the Company amounted to EUR 766 thousand (12 months of 2018: EUR 503 thousand), incl. social insurance 
contributions.. 
40 Fair values of assets and liabilities 
The fair values of the Group's financial assets and financial liabilities and their differences to their carrying amount are 
presented below, in thousands of euro: 
 
* comparatives reclassified as stated in Section (1) of Note 2. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carrying Amount 
Fair Value 
 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. * 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. * 
Assets 
  
  
  
  
Due from credit institutions and the Treasury 
 181 199  
 137 026  
 181 198  
 137 007  
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss  
 4 217  
 1 160  
 4 217  
 1 160  
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income - investment 
securities 
 47 941  
 50 389  
 47 941  
 50 389  
Financial assets at amortised cost: 
  
  
  
  
Investment securities  
 478  
 467  
 1 140  
 1 148  
Individuals 
 220 129  
 197 755  
 216 113  
 196 401  
Companies 
 11 820  
 23 485  
 8 417  
 23 387  
Loans  
 208 309  
 174 270  
 207 696  
 173 014  
Grants 
 17 186  
 22 561  
 17 186  
 22 561  
Assets held for sale 
 -    
 11 343  
 -    
 11 343  
Investments in venture capital funds – associates (investments in BIF) 
 13 851  
 10 988  
 13 851  
 10 988  
Investment properties 
 24 366  
 14 794  
 24 366  
 14 794  
Other assets 
 3 067  
 1 739  
 3 067  
 1 739  
Total assets 
 512 434  
 448 222  
 509 079  
 447 530  
Liabilities 
  
  
  
  
Due to credit institutions 
 29 542  
 38 245  
 29 542  
 38 245  
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss – derivatives 
 -    
 2  
 -    
 2  
Due to general governments 
 86 272  
 48 110  
 86 272  
 47 370  
Financial liabilities at amortised cost - Issued debt securities 
 45 348  
 29 943  
 45 348  
 29 943  
Support programme funding 
 128 730  
 126 959  
 128 730  
 126 959  
Total liabilities 
 289 892  
 243 259  
 289 892  
 242 519

--- Page 296 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
82 
 
40 Fair values of assets and liabilities (cont’d) 
The fair values of the Company's financial assets and financial liabilities and their differences to their carrying amount are 
presented below, in thousands of euro: 
 
Carrying Amount 
Fair Value 
 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. * 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. * 
Assets 
  
  
  
  
Due from credit institutions and the Treasury 
 181 047  
 136 646  
 181 046  
 136 627  
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income - investment 
securities 
 47 941  
 50 389  
 47 941  
 50 389  
Financial assets at amortised cost: 
  
  
  
  
Investment securities  
 478  
 467  
 1 140  
 1 148  
Individuals 
 220 129  
 197 473  
 216 113  
 196 119  
Companies 
             11 820  
 23 451  
          8 416.90  
 23 353  
Loans  
           208 309  
 174 022  
      207 696.10  
 172 766  
Grants 
 17 186  
 22 561  
 17 186  
 22 561  
Assets held for sale 
 -    
 11 343  
 -    
 11 343  
Investments in venture capital funds – associates (investments in BIF) 
 13 851  
 10 988  
 13 851  
 10 988  
Investments in subsidiaries  
 3 812  
 1 492  
 3 812  
 1 492  
Investment properties 
 24 366  
 14 794  
 24 366  
 14 794  
Other assets 
 3 067  
 1 739  
 3 067  
 1 739  
Total assets 
 511 877  
 447 892  
 508 522  
 447 200  
Liabilities 
  
  
  
  
Due to credit institutions 
 29 542  
 38 245  
 29 542  
 38 245  
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss – derivatives 
 -    
 2  
 -    
 2  
Due to general governments 
 86 272  
 48 110  
 86 272  
 47 370  
Financial liabilities at amortised cost - Issued debt securities 
 45 348  
 29 943  
 45 348  
 29 943  
Support programme funding 
 128 730  
 126 959  
 128 730  
 126 959  
Total liabilities 
 289 892  
 243 259  
 289 892  
 242 519  
 
* comparatives reclassified as stated in Section (1) of Note 2.

--- Page 297 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
83 
 
40 Fair values of assets and liabilities (cont’d) 
The hierarchy of the Group’s financial assets and liabilities measured and disclosed at fair value, in thousands of euro: 
 
 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
Total 
 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018.* 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018.* 
Assets measured at fair value 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 4 217  
 1 160  
 4 217  
 1 160  
Financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income - 
investment securities 
 35 021  
 36 344  
 12 920  
 14 045  
 -    
 -    
 47 941  
 50 389  
Assets held for sale 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 11 343  
 -    
 11 343  
Investments in venture capital funds – 
associates (investments in BIF) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 13 851  
 10 988  
 13 851  
 10 988  
Investment properties 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 24 366  
 14 794  
 24 366  
 14 794  
Assets with fair values disclosed 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due from credit institutions and the 
Treasury 
 -    
 -    
 181 198  
 132 026  
 -    
 4 981  
 181 198  
 137 007  
Financial assets at amortised cost: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Investment securities 
 -    
 -    
 1 140  
 1 148  
 -    
 -    
 1 140  
 1 148  
Loans  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 216 113  
 196 401  
 216 113  
 196 401  
Grants 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 17 186  
 22 561  
 17 186  
 22 561  
Other assets 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 3 067  
 1 739  
 3 067  
 1 739  
Total assets  
 35 021  
 36 344  
 195 258  
 147 219  
 278 800  
 263 967  
 509 079  
 447 530  
Liabilities measured at fair value 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Financial liabilities at fair value through 
profit or loss – derivatives 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2  
Support programme funding 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 128 730  
 126 959  
 128 730  
 126 959  
Liabilities with fair value disclosed 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due to credit institutions 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 29 542  
 38 245  
 29 542  
 38 245  
Due to general governments 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 86 272  
 47 370  
 86 272  
 47 370  
Financial liabilities at amortised cost - 
Issued debt securities 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 45 348  
 29 943  
 45 348  
 29 943  
Total liabilities  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2  
 289 892  
 242 517  
 289 892  
 242 519  
 
* comparatives reclassified as stated in Section (1) of Note 2.

--- Page 298 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
84 
 
40 Fair values of assets and liabilities (cont’d) 
The hierarchy of the Company’s financial assets and liabilities measured and disclosed at fair value, in thousands of euro: 
 
 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
Total 
 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018. 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018.* 
31.12.2019. 
31.12.2018.* 
Assets measured at fair value 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income - 
investment securities 
 35 021  
 36 344  
 12 920  
 14 045  
 -    
 -    
 47 941  
 50 389  
Investments in subsidiaries  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 3 812  
 1 492  
 3 812  
 1 492  
Assets held for sale 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 11 343  
 -    
 11 343  
Investments in venture capital funds – 
associates (investments in BIF) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 13 851  
 10 988  
 13 851  
 10 988  
Investment properties 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 24 366  
 14 794  
 24 366  
 14 794  
Assets with fair values disclosed 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due from credit institutions and the 
Treasury 
 -    
 -    
 181 046  
 131 646  
 -    
 4 981  
 181 046  
 136 627  
Financial assets at amortised cost: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Investment securities 
 -    
 -    
 1 140  
 1 148  
 -    
 -    
 1 140  
 1 148  
Loans  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 216 113  
 196 119  
 216 113  
 196 119  
Grants 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 17 186  
 22 561  
 17 186  
 22 561  
Other assets 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 3 067  
 1 739  
 3 067  
 1 739  
Total assets  
 35 021  
 36 344  
 195 106  
 146 839  
 278 395  
 264 017  
 508 522  
 447 200  
Liabilities measured at fair value 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Financial liabilities at fair value through 
profit or loss – derivatives 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2  
 -    
  
  
 2  
Support programme funding 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 128 730  
 126 959  
 128 730  
 126 959  
Liabilities with fair value disclosed 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due to credit institutions 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 29 542  
 38 245  
 29 542  
 38 245  
Due to general governments 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 86 272  
 47 370  
 86 272  
 47 370  
Financial liabilities at amortised cost - 
Issued debt securities 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 45 348  
 29 943  
 45 348  
 29 943  
Total liabilities  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2  
 289 892  
 242 517  
 289 892  
 242 519  
 
* comparatives reclassified as stated in Section (1) of Note 2. 
Assets 
Where possible, the fair value of securities is estimated on the basis of quoted market prices. For determining the fair value of 
other securities, the Management has applied the discounted cash flow method where the cash flow forecasts are based on 
assumptions and up-to-date market information available at the time of measurement. The fair value of loans with interest 
payable at fixed rates by specified dates was determined by applying the discounted cash flow method, whilst in regard to 
the fair value of loans with their basic interest rate tied to variable market rates, the Group / Company have assumed that the 
carrying amount of such loans corresponds to their fair value. 
Liabilities 
The fair value of financial liabilities stated at amortised cost, for example, the fair value of balances due to credit institutions, 
is estimated using the discounted cash flow method and the interest rates applied to similar products at the end of the year. 
The fair value of financial liabilities (for example, balances due to credit institutions) repayable on demand or subject to a 
variable interest rate, approximately corresponds to their carrying amount. 
Fair value hierarchy of financial assets and liabilities 
The Group / Company classify the fair value measurements based on the fair value hierarchy, reflecting the significance of 
the input data. The fair value hierarchy of the Group / Company has 3 levels: 
▪ Level 1 includes listed financial instruments for which an active market exists, if in determining their fair value the Group 
/ Company use unadjusted quoted market prices, obtained from a stock-exchange or reliable information systems; 
▪ Level 2 includes balances due from other credit institutions and the Treasury as well as financial instruments traded over 
the counter (OTC) and financial instruments having no active market or a declining active market whose fair value 
measurement are based to a significant extent on observable market inputs (e.g., rates applied to similar instruments, 
benchmark financial instruments, credit risk insurance transactions, etc.);

--- Page 299 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
85 
 
40 Fair values of assets and liabilities (cont’d) 
▪ Level 3 includes financial instruments whose fair value measurements rely on observable market inputs requiring 
significant adjustment and have to be supported by unobservable market inputs, and financial instruments whose fair 
value measurements are based to a significant extent on data that cannot be observed on the active market and 
assumptions and estimates of the Group / Company that enable a credible measurement of the financial instrument’s 
value. 
Debt securities 
Debt securities are measured applying quoted prices or valuation techniques using observable or unobservable market inputs 
or combination of the two. The majority of investments in debt securities recognised at fair value are investments in Latvian 
treasury bills with a quoted price, but not traded on the active market. The Management has estimated that it is reasonable 
to presume the fair value of these securities to be equal to their quoted price. 
Derivatives 
The derivatives, measured using valuation techniques which rely on observable market inputs, are mainly currency swaps and 
forwards. The most frequently applied valuation techniques include discounted cash flow calculations, where inputs include 
foreign exchange spot and forward rates as well as interest rate curves. 
Investments in venture capital funds 
The Group / Company have a number of investments in venture capital funds. The Group’s and Company’s investments in 
venture capital funds are classified as Associates or Investments in subsidiaries depending on existence of significant influence 
or control. 
Investments in venture capital funds, except for investment in Baltic Innovation Funds, are measured using the equity method 
both at the Group and the Company level. Investments in Baltic Innovation Funds are measured at fair value through profit or 
loss statement. 
Investment properties 
The fair value of the Group’s / Company’s investment property is determined based on reports of independent appraisers, 
who hold a recognised and relevant professional qualification, and who have had recent experience of the valuation of 
property in similar locations and of similar category. 
Investments in property are measured at fair value applying one or complex of the following three methods: (a) ,market 
approach, (b) income approach and (c) cost approach. 
The appropriate valuation method is selected depending on the nature of property and acquisition purpose. Investment 
property represents agricultural land, which average selling price per hectare is 2,5 thsd euro. 
Assets held for sale 
Non-current assets or disposal groups classified as held for sale are measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair 
value less costs to sell. Non-current assets and disposal groups are classified as held for sale if their carrying amount is recovered 
through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use. This condition is regarded to be met only when the sale is highly 
probable and the asset or disposal group is available for immediate sale in its present condition. Management must be 
committed to the sale, and the sale transaction must be classified as a completed sale within one year from the date of 
classification. The fair value of assets held for sale is based on selling price of underling investment properties.

--- Page 300 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
86 
 
41 Segment Information 
Following the increase in non-financial instrument – grants , the Group’s management considers that the Group’s operations 
are performed in 5 operational segments starting with 1 January 2019: 
▪ Loan service 
▪ Guarantee service, 
▪ Venture capital fund service, 
▪ Grant service, 
▪ Other services. 
Other services include Land Fund’s transactions, transaction, which are connected to collateral taken over in the debt 
collection process and new state aid development, as well as transactions, which cannot be attributed to state aid 
programmes. 
Segment information is prepared in a manner consistent with the internal management information provided to the chief 
operating decision maker. The chief operating decision maker is the person or group that allocates resources to and assesses 
the performance of the operating segments of an entity. The Management board of the Company is the chief operating 
decision maker. 
The Group doesn’t provide detailed information on the type of transaction since all the transactions are external. 
Analysis of the operating segments of the Group for the period from 1 January 2019 till 31 December 2019, in thousands of 
euro: 
 
Loan service 
Guarantee 
service 
Venture 
capital fund 
service 
Grant 
service 
Other 
services 
Total 
Interest income 
 10 954  
 2 263  
 125  
 2  
 -    
 13 344  
Interest expense 
 (1 613) 
 (22) 
 -    
 -    
 (140) 
 (1 775) 
Net interest income 
 9 341  
 2 241  
 125  
 2  
 (140) 
 11 569  
Income for implementation of state aid programmes 
 467  
 786  
 3 611  
 1 200  
 101  
 6 165  
Expenses to be compensated for implementation of 
state aid programmes 
 (270) 
 (484) 
 (3 641) 
 (1 074) 
 (115) 
 (5 584) 
Net income for implementation of state aid programmes 
 197  
 302  
 (30) 
 126  
 (14) 
 581  
Gains from debt securities and foreign exchange 
translation 
 4  
 82  
 4  
 -    
 -    
 90  
Share of (losses) of investment in joint venture and 
associate 
 -    
 -    
 (136) 
 -    
 -    
 (136) 
Share of gain of investment in joint venture and 
associate at fair value through profit or loss 
 -    
 -    
 18  
 -    
 -    
 18  
Gains less losses from liabilities at fair value through profit 
or loss 
 -    
 -    
 129  
 -    
 -    
 129  
Other income 
 -    
 1  
 762  
 2  
 1 403  
 2 168  
Other expense 
 (263) 
 (45) 
 (8) 
 (30) 
 (288) 
 (634) 
Operating income / (loss) before operating expenses 
 9 279  
 2 581  
 864  
 100  
 961  
 13 785  
Staff costs  
 (3 000) 
 (655) 
 (72) 
 (606) 
 (307) 
 (4 640) 
Administrative expense 
 (1 011) 
 (281) 
 (84) 
 (334) 
 (111) 
 (1 821) 
Amortisation of intangible assets and depreciation of 
property, plant and equipment 
 (406) 
 (153) 
 (29) 
 (164) 
 (35) 
 (787) 
(Impairment) gain, net 
 (1 062) 
 3 002  
 6  
 -    
 (247) 
 1 699  
Profit or (loss) from assets held for sale revaluation 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (105) 
 (105) 
Total segment profit/(loss) 
 3 800  
 4 494  
 685  
 (1 004) 
 156  
 8 131  
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (959) 
 (959) 
Investments in venture capital funds - associates  
 -    
 -    
 2 616  
 -    
 -    
 2 616  
Additions of property and equipment, intangible assets 
and investment property 
 420  
 124  
 26  
 190  
 9 187  
 9 947  
Total segment assets 
 358 142  
 49 316  
 69 820  
 40 183  
 42 600  
 560 061  
Total segment liabilities 
 187 164  
 67 475  
 18 936  
 28 507  
 25 241  
 327 323

--- Page 301 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
87 
 
41 Segment Information (cont’d) 
Analysis of the operating segments of the Group for the period from 1 January 2018 till 31 December 2018, in thousands of 
euro:: 
 
Loan service 
Guarantee 
service 
Venture 
capital fund 
service 
Other 
services 
Total 
Net interest income 
 9 715  
 1 167  
 46  
 243  
 11 171  
Net income from fees and commissions 
 73  
 182  
 43  
 85  
 383  
Net trading loss 
 36  
 73  
 4  
 9  
 122  
Share of (loss) of investment in joint venture and 
associate at fair value through profit or loss 
 -    
 -    
 (1 091) 
 -    
 (1 091) 
Other income 
 828  
 191  
 (259) 
 3 580  
 4 340  
Operating income / (loss) before operating expenses 
 10 652  
 1 613  
 (1 257) 
 3 917  
 14 925  
Staff costs  
 (3 832) 
 (1 348) 
 (280) 
 (1 908) 
 (7 368) 
Administrative expense 
 (1 855) 
 (640) 
 (161) 
 (861) 
 (3 517) 
Amortisation of intangible assets and depreciation of 
property, plant and equipment 
 (326) 
 (136) 
 (21) 
 (137) 
 (620) 
Net impairment provisions  
 (665) 
 2 569  
 -    
 (1 232) 
 672  
Corporate income tax 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Total segment profit/(loss) 
 3 974  
 2 058  
 (1 719) 
 (221) 
 4 092  
Investments in venture capital funds - associates  
 -    
 -    
 50 239  
 -    
 50 239  
Additions of property and equipment, intangible assets 
and investment property 
 830  
 292  
 61  
 412  
 1 595  
Total segment assets 
 277 554  
 100 213  
 54 402  
 63 770  
 495 939  
Total segment liabilities 
 158 045  
 55 012  
 25 901  
 25 391  
 264 349  
42 Events after the reporting date 
The existence of novel coronavirus (Covid-19) was confirmed in early 2020 and by now it has spread across the world, including 
Latvia, causing disruptions to businesses and economic activity. The management of the Group / Company considers this 
outbreak to be a non-adjusting post balance sheet event. As the situation is uncertain and rapidly evolving, we do not 
consider it practicable to provide a quantitative estimate of the potential impact of this outbreak on the Company or the 
Group. 
As delegated by the government the Group / Company has engaged actively on an ad hoc basis in mitigation of the adverse 
impact that Covid-19 exerts on the businesses in Latvia by drafting, in co-operation with the Ministry of Economics, two new 
state aid financial instruments to be implemented by the Company/Group for SME and Midcap in Latvia. On 19 March 2020, 
having convened for an extraordinary meeting, with follow-up on 24 March 2020, the Cabinet of Ministers approved the 
regulations of the new financial instruments. Both financial instruments became effective as of 25 March 2020 being already 
co-ordinated with the European Commission.  
Entrepreneurs encountering situation-based difficulties with execution of the obligations undertaken at the credit institutions 
will be offered credit guarantees, both long-term and short-term, up to 50% of the outstanding loan balance. These credit 
guarantees will allow SME and Midcap (i) to defer repayment of principal for up to two years for investment loans, financial 
lease and working capital loans, (ii) to prolong the repayment term of overdrafts as well as working capital loans, (iii) to raise 
new working capital loans and increase overdraft limits with banks  as well as to (iv) have additional security for financial 
liabilities. The national budget funding of 50 million euro is available for implementation of the financial instrument that will 
make it possible for the Group / Company to issue 240 million euro guarantees and for banks to restructure loans for the sum 
up to total of 715 million euro. The credit guarantees are structured in both formats – individual guarantees and portfolio 
guarantees ensuring fast and efficient solution irrespective the size of the company. 
Meanwhile the companies struggling with substantial decrease in operations and therefore in need of liquidity support will be 
offered working capital loans by the Group / Company in amount of EUR 200 million. The national budget contributing 50 
million euro and loans from the Treasury and international financial institutions - 150 million euro form the total funding of this 
programme. 
At the same time, acting responsibly to the health of employees and customers and following the recommendations of the 
responsible authorities for actions to help reduce the risk of spreading the virus, the Group’s / Company’s Customer Service 
Centres have been closed for face-to-face visits as of 13 March. The Group / Company continues to provide all services 
remotely through the client portal mans.altum.lv, as well as telephone and video consultations.

--- Page 302 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Notes to financial statements 
88 
 
42 Events after the reporting date (cont’d) 
In light of recommendation by the Latvia Finance Association, currently there is expected centralised guidance from ECB 
regarding ready-made macroeconomic scenarios, that the Group / Company would apply in assessment of expected credit 
loss calculations as well as whether there have been significant increases in credit risk since initial recognition and according 
to IFRS 9 to be reclassified to Stage 2 from Stage 1, considering whether temporary economic shock would have long-term 
impact upon debt service capacity.    
The Group / Company expects that its borrowers affected by the COVID-19 outbreak would ask for temporary relief in form 
of payment deferral, fee waivers, extensions of repayment term. There is expected no substantial negative effect upon liquidity 
of the Group / Company and there is no risk on the Group’s / Company’s abilities to serve its liabilities on timely basis. Although 
crisis credit guarantees and working capital loans instruments are available in the market as of the previous week the Group 
/ Company expects that there might be banks’ borrowers, not in a position to revise the loans’ terms with their banks on timely 
basis leading to significant increase of credit risk of underlying borrower or even guarantee claim received from the bank 
leading to higher expected credit loss calculation adequately covered by available Risk coverage reserve.  
 In respect of investments in venture capital funds there might be some delay in timing where original exits were planned in 
2020-2021. However that does not negatively effect on the Group’s / Company’s liquidity position.

--- Page 303 ---
PricewaterhouseCoopers SIA 
Kr. Valdemāra iela 21-21, Rīga, LV-1010, Latvia, LV40003142793 
T: +371 6709 4400, F:+371 6783 0055, www.pwc.lv  
 
Translation note: This version of our report is a translation from the original, which was prepared in Latvian. All possible care has been 
taken to ensure that the translation is an accurate representation of the original. However, in all matters of interpretation of information, 
views or opinions, the original language version of our report takes precedence over this translation. 
Independent auditor’s report  
 
To the Shareholder of JSC Finance Development Institution ALTUM 
 
Report on the audit of the consolidated and separate financial statements 
Our opinion  
In our opinion, the consolidated and separate financial statements give a true and fair view of the 
consolidated and separate financial position of JSC Finance Development Institution ALTUM (“the 
Company”) and its subsidiaries (together “the Group”) as at 31 December 2019, and of their 
consolidated and separate financial performance and their consolidated and separate cash flows for the 
year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the 
European Union. 
Our opinion is consistent with our additional report to the Audit Committee dated 31 March 2020. 
What we have audited 
The Group’s consolidated and Company’s separate financial statements (together “the financial 
statements”) comprise: 
• 
Statement of Financial Position as at 31 December 2019; 
• 
Statement of Comprehensive Income for the year then ended; 
• 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity for the year then ended; 
• 
Company’s Statement of Changes in Equity for the year then ended; 
• 
Statement of Cash Flows; and 
• 
the Notes to the financial statements, which include significant accounting policies and other 
explanatory information.  
Basis for opinion  
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing adopted in the Republic 
of Latvia (ISAs). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s 
responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section of our report.  
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for 
our opinion.  
Independence 
We are independent of the Group and the Company in accordance with the International Ethics 
Standards Board for Accountants’ Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (IESBA Code) and the 
ethical requirements of the Law on Audit Services that are relevant to our audit of the financial 
statements in the Republic of Latvia. We have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance 
with the IESBA Code and the ethical requirements of the Law on Audit Services. 
To the best of our knowledge and belief, we declare that non-audit services that we have provided to 
the Group and the Company are in accordance with the applicable law and regulations in the Republic 
of Latvia and that we have not provided non-audit services that are prohibited under Article 37.6 of Law 
on Audit Services of the Republic of Latvia. 
The non-audit services that we have provided to the Group and the Company, in the period from 1 
January 2019 to 31 December 2019 are disclosed in note 12 to the financial statements.

--- Page 304 ---
Translation note: This version of our report is a translation from the original, which was prepared in Latvian. All possible care has been 
taken to ensure that the translation is an accurate representation of the original. However, in all matters of interpretation of information, 
views or opinions, the original language version of our report takes precedence over this translation. 
2 
 
Our audit approach 
Overview  
• Overall Group and Company materiality: EUR 5,500 thousand. 
• We have audited the separate financial statements of the Company. 
• We have performed selected audit procedures over assets owned by 
subsidiaries and associates. 
• Our audit scope covered substantially all of the Group’s revenues and 
substantially all of the Group’s total assets. 
 
• Impairment of loans and financial guarantees. 
• Accounting for liabilities received at fair value.  
• Valuation and impairment of investments in Venture Capital Funds.  
As part of designing our audit, we determined materiality and assessed the risks of material 
misstatement in the financial statements. In particular, we considered where management made 
subjective judgements; for example, in respect of significant accounting estimates that involved making 
assumptions and considering future events that are inherently uncertain. As in all of our audits, we also 
addressed the risk of management override of internal controls, including, among other matters, 
consideration of whether there was evidence of bias that represented a risk of material misstatement 
due to fraud. 
Materiality 
The scope of our audit was influenced by our application of materiality. An audit is designed to obtain 
reasonable assurance whether the financial statements are free from material misstatement. 
Misstatements may arise due to fraud or error. They are considered material if individually or in 
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on 
the basis of the financial statements. 
Based on our professional judgement, we determined certain quantitative thresholds for materiality, 
including the overall Group and Company materiality for the financial statements as a whole as set out 
in the table below. These, together with qualitative considerations, helped us to determine the scope of 
our audit and the nature, timing and extent of our audit procedures and to evaluate the effect of 
misstatements, if any, both individually and in aggregate on the financial statements as a whole. 
Overall Group and Company 
materiality 
EUR 5,500 thousand (2018: EUR 5,000 thousand). 
How we determined it 
1% of total assets 
Rationale for the materiality 
benchmark applied 
We chose total assets as the base benchmark because, in our 
view, it is the benchmark against which the performance of the 
Group and the Company is most commonly measured by 
users, and it is a generally accepted benchmark.  
We chose the threshold of 1%, which is within the range of 
acceptable 
quantitative 
materiality 
thresholds 
for 
this 
benchmark. 
Materiality 
Group 
scoping 
Key audit 
matters

--- Page 305 ---
Translation note: This version of our report is a translation from the original, which was prepared in Latvian. All possible care has been 
taken to ensure that the translation is an accurate representation of the original. However, in all matters of interpretation of information, 
views or opinions, the original language version of our report takes precedence over this translation. 
3 
 
We agreed with the Audit Committee that we would report to them misstatements identified during our 
audit above EUR 275 thousand for the Group and the Company, as well as misstatements below that 
amount that, in our view, warranted reporting for qualitative reasons. 
Key audit matters  
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our 
audit of the financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of 
our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not 
provide a separate opinion on these matters. 
Key audit matter 
 
How our audit addressed the key audit matter 
Expected credit losses on loans to the 
public 
Refer to Notes 2 (16), 13 and 30 to the financial 
statements 
on 
pages 
35, 
60 
and 
74 
respectively. 
We focused on this area because application of 
IFRS 9 “Financial instruments” expected credit 
loss (ECL) model for loans and financial 
guarantees 
impairment 
losses 
requires 
complex and subjective judgements over both 
timing of recognition of impairment and the size 
of any such impairment. 
The key features of the ECL model include 
classification of loans and guarantees to 3 
stages, assessment of credit risk parameters 
and application of forward-looking information. 
The amount of impairment provision for the 
Group’s and the Company’s loans and 
guarantees is based on the model calculations 
taking into consideration the exposure at 
default, probability of default, other known risk 
factors impacting stage of each exposure, and 
taking into account estimated future cash flows 
from the loan repayments or sale of collateral 
(loss given default), and ECL adjustments by 
expected impact of future macroeconomic 
scenarios. For all loans and guarantees in 
Stage 1 and 2 and insignificant loans in Stage 
3 the expected credit losses are calculated 
using the ECL model, while for significant 
exposures 
and 
guarantees 
in 
Stage 
3 
additional specific provisions are calculated 
based on expert judgement to determine if the 
ECL calculated in accordance with the model 
needs to be adjusted. 
As at 31 December 2019 expected credit 
losses for Loans amounted to EUR 6,667 
thousand and for Guarantees to EUR 2,641 for 
the Group and the Company (refer to note 13). 
 
 
 
 
 
 
We assessed whether the Group’s and the 
Company’s accounting policies in relation to the 
ECL of loans and guarantees are in compliance 
with IFRS 9 by assessing each significant model 
component for both loans ECL calculation tool and 
guarantees ECL calculation tool: exposure at 
default, probability of default and loss given default, 
definitions of default and significant increase in 
credit risk, use of macroeconomic scenarios. 
Further, we performed detailed testing over 
reliability of loan and guarantee data, including 
contract dates, collateral values and types, 
allocation 
of 
stages, 
including 
aging 
and 
performing/ non performing status and other inputs 
used in ECL calculation tools as at 1 January 2019 
and 31 December 2019.  
We 
also 
performed 
detailed 
testing 
over 
macroeconomic factors used as inputs to ECL 
calculation tools.  
In addition, we performed detailed recalculations 
for selected items in ECL calculation tools to verify 
that the ECL is calculated correctly and that it is in 
line with our expectations.   
We also assessed the ECL adjustments related to 
specific provisions recognised for Stage 3 loans 
and guarantees on a sample of loans and 
guarantees. We verified the rationale of these 
adjustments and also verified the appropriateness 
of the valuation of collaterals used in the 
assessment of the adjustments.  
We have reviewed the disclosures to the financial 
statements.

--- Page 306 ---
Translation note: This version of our report is a translation from the original, which was prepared in Latvian. All possible care has been 
taken to ensure that the translation is an accurate representation of the original. However, in all matters of interpretation of information, 
views or opinions, the original language version of our report takes precedence over this translation. 
4 
 
Reversals of expected credit losses for the year 
ended 31 December 2019 amounted to EUR 
4,718 thousand (Loans) and 3,126 thousand 
(Guarantees) for the Group and the Company 
(refer to note 13).  
Accounting for liabilities measured at fair 
value through profit or loss 
Refer to Notes 2 (16) and 29 to the financial 
statements 
on 
pages 
39 
and 
71-74 
respectively. 
The Group and the Company receive financing 
in the form of long term liabilities to ensure 
issuance of loans, guarantees and investments 
into venture capital funds.  
Due to the fact that these liabilities contain 
embedded derivatives they are measured at fair 
value through profit and loss.  
The calculation of fair value resulted in amount 
of outstanding liability as at 31 December 2019 
being EUR 128,730 thousand. 
 
 
 
 
 
We examined the liability contracts signed for a 
sample of selected programmes and obtained 
understanding with regards to the principles 
applied to calculate the fair value of those liabilities. 
We obtained understanding over accounting 
policies and assessed whether they were applied 
in accordance with IFRS requirements. 
We obtained and verified the calculations of fair 
value of liabilities performed by the Group and the 
Company. 
We 
challenged 
the 
underlying 
assumptions for a sample of selected programmes. 
We 
investigated 
any 
significant 
identified 
differences with the Management. 
We have reviewed the disclosures to the financial 
statements. 
Valuation of investments in Venture Capital 
Funds   
Refer to Notes 2 (16), 17 and 20 to the financial 
statements on pages 37, 62-63 and 65 
respectively. 
The Group and the Company has significant 
investments into Venture Capital Funds (VCFs). 
Depending on whether the Company has 
control or significant influence over VCFs, they 
are classified in the financial statements as 
subsidiaries or associates.  
Subsidiaries in separate financial statements 
are measured at fair value through profit and 
loss, while in consolidated financial statements 
they are fully consolidated. 
Associates in both separate and consolidated 
financial statements are measured using the 
equity method, except for Baltic Innovation 
Fund (BIF), which is measured in both separate 
and consolidated financial statements at fair 
value through profit or loss.  
 
 
 
 
 
We assessed accounting policies used by the 
Group and the Company and verified that VCFs are 
appropriately classified as either associates or 
subsidiaries. 
We obtained the calculation of fair value of 
investments held by VCFs prepared by the 
management of the Group and the Company, as 
well as calculation of net asset values of VCFs and 
the full list of the investments made by VCFs into 
the companies. On a sample basis, we verified 
detailed calculations of fair value of investments 
and the amount of net assets value of particular 
funds.

--- Page 307 ---
Translation note: This version of our report is a translation from the original, which was prepared in Latvian. All possible care has been 
taken to ensure that the translation is an accurate representation of the original. However, in all matters of interpretation of information, 
views or opinions, the original language version of our report takes precedence over this translation. 
5 
 
The measurement of VCFs at equity method 
and BIF is performed using the fair values of 
underlying 
investments 
made 
by 
those 
associates. 
Because of significance of investments in VCFs 
to the separate and consolidated financial 
statements, and the fact that changes in 
assumptions could lead to material changes in 
estimated values of net assets, impacting value 
of investments in VCFs, we considered 
valuation of these investments as a key audit 
matter. 
We met with the representatives of the Group and 
the Company responsible for monitoring of the 
performance of the underlying investments made 
by the VCFs to understand current business 
performance 
of 
these 
investments 
and 
expectations of their exit values, which are 
considered to be representative of fair values of 
underlying investments. We also reviewed the 
methodology for investment valuation. 
We reviewed the agreements register and 
inspected a sample of new investments made by 
VCFs in companies. We also assessed the 
information contained in investment memos 
prepared on initial investment. 
We have reviewed the disclosures to the financial 
statements. 
How we tailored our Group audit scope  
We tailored the scope of our audit in order to perform sufficient work to enable us to provide an opinion 
on the consolidated financial statements as a whole, taking into account the structure of the Group, the 
accounting processes and controls, and the industry in which the Group operates. 
We are not the statutory auditors of all of the Company’s subsidiaries and associates, however, we have 
performed selected audit procedures over assets owned by subsidiaries and associates. Our audit work 
addressed substantially all of the Group’s revenues and the Group’s total assets. 
Reporting on other information including the management report and the statement 
of management’s responsibilities 
Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises: 
• 
the Management report, as set out on pages 3 to 10 of the accompanying Annual report,  
• 
the Statement of Management’s Responsibilities, as set out on page 12 of the accompanying 
Annual report, and 
• 
the Statement of Corporate Governance, as set out on pages, as set out on pages 100 - 105 
of the accompanying Annual report  
Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information, including the Management 
report, the Statement of Management’s Responsibilities and the Statement of Corporate Governance. 
In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information 
identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with 
the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially 
misstated.  
With respect to the Management report, we also performed the procedures required by Law on Audit 
Services. Those procedures include considering whether the Management is prepared in accordance 
with the requirements of the applicable legislation.  
In addition, in accordance with the Law on Audit Services of the Republic of Latvia with respect to the 
Statement of Corporate Governance, our responsibility is to consider whether the Statement of 
Corporate Governance includes the information required in accordance with Article 56.1, section 1, 
clauses 3, 4, 6, 8 and 9, as well as Article 56.2, section 2, clause 5 of the Financial Instruments Market 
Law and whether it includes the information stipulated in Article 56.2, section 2, clauses 1, 2, 3, 4, 7 and 
8 of the Financial Instruments Market Law.

--- Page 308 ---
Translation note: This version of our report is a translation from the original, which was prepared in Latvian. All possible care has been 
taken to ensure that the translation is an accurate representation of the original. However, in all matters of interpretation of information, 
views or opinions, the original language version of our report takes precedence over this translation. 
6 
 
Based on the work undertaken in the course of our audit, in our opinion, in all material respects:  
• 
the information given in the Management Report and the Statement of Management 
Responsibility for the financial year for which the financial statements are prepared is consistent 
with the financial statements; 
• 
the Management Report has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Law on 
Annual Reports and Consolidated Annual Reports of the Republic of Latvia; and 
• 
the Statement of Corporate Governance, included the information in accordance with Article 
56.1, section 1, clauses 3, 4, 6, 8 and 9, as well as Article 56.2, section 2, clause 5 of the 
Financial Instruments Market Law and it included the information stipulated in Article 56.2, 
section 2, clauses 1, 2, 3, 4, 7 and 8 or the Financial Instruments Market Law. 
In addition, in light of the knowledge and understanding of the Company and the Group and their 
environment obtained in the course of the audit, we are required to report if we have identified material 
misstatements in the Management Report and the Statement of Management Responsibility that we 
obtained prior to the date of this auditor’s report. We have nothing to report in this respect. 
Responsibilities of management and those charged with governance for the financial 
statements 
Management is responsible for the preparation of the financial statements that give true and fair view in 
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union, and 
for such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial 
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.  
In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Group’s and the 
Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going 
concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate 
the Group and the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.  
Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s and the Company’s financial 
reporting process. 
Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole 
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that 
includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an 
audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. 
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the 
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on 
the basis of these financial statements.  
As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain 
professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also: 
• 
Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to 
fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit 
evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting 
a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may 
involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal 
control.  
• 
Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures 
that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the 
effectiveness of the Group’s and the Company’s internal control.  
• 
Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting 
estimates and related disclosures made by management.

--- Page 309 ---
Translation note: This version of our report is a translation from the original, which was prepared in Latvian. All possible care has been 
taken to ensure that the translation is an accurate representation of the original. However, in all matters of interpretation of information, 
views or opinions, the original language version of our report takes precedence over this translation. 
7 
 
• 
Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting 
and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events 
or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s and the Company’s ability to continue 
as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw 
attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such 
disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion.  
Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. 
However, future events or conditions may cause the Bank and the Group to cease to continue as a 
going concern.  
• 
Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the 
disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events 
in a manner that achieves fair presentation. 
• 
Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or 
business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. 
We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the Group audit. We remain 
solely responsible for our audit opinion.  
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned 
scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in 
internal control that we identify during our audit.  
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant 
ethical requirements regarding independence, and have communicated with them all relationships and 
other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, 
related safeguards.  
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that 
were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore 
the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation 
precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine 
that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so 
would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.  
Report on other legal and regulatory requirements  
Appointment 
We were first appointed as auditors of the Group and the Company on 25 April 2018. This is the second 
year of our appointment as auditors. 
 
 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers SIA 
Certified audit company  
License No. 5 
 
 
 
 
 
Ilandra Lejiņa 
 
 
 
 
Terēze Labzova-Ceicāne 
Member of the Board 
 
 
 
Certified auditor in charge 
 
Certificate No.184 
Riga, Latvia 
31 March 2020

--- Page 310 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Other notes to the annual report 
96 
 
 
OTHER NOTES TO THE ANNUAL REPORT  
 
Key financial and performance indicators 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
97 
Definitions of indicators 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
         98 - 99 
Corporate Governance Report 2019  
 
 
 
 
 
 
     100 - 105

--- Page 311 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Other notes to the annual report 
97 
 
OTHER NOTES TO THE ANNUAL REPORT 
KEY FINANCIAL AND PERFORMANCE INDICATORS 
 
2019 
(audited) 
2018 
(audited) 
2017  
(restated*) 
2016  
(restated*) 
2015  
(audited) 
Key financial data 
  
  
  
  
  
Net interest income (EUR ’000) ** 
11 569  
11 302  
11 602 * 
11 024  
16 419  
Profit for the period (EUR ’000) 
8 131  
4 092  
8 709 * 
2 170  
4 924  
Cost to income ratio (CIR) *** 
52.6% 
74.8% 
50.3% * 
88.4%  
55.8% 
Employees  
203  
222  
230  
242  
282  
Total assets (EUR ’000) 
560 061  
495 939  
453 668 * 
443 400 *  
406 918  
Tangible common equity (TCE)/total tangible managed assets 
(TMA) **** 
29.4% 
31.7% 
35.1% * 
36.5% * 
37.3% 
Equity and reserves (EUR ’000) 
232 738  
221 590  
222 848 * 
210 406 * 
199 610  
Total risk coverage: (EUR ’000) 
87 456  
77 815  
67 593 * 
66 508 * 
41 021  
Risk coverage reserve  
99 778  
85 276  
62 651 * 
63 636 * 
40 662  
Risk coverage reserve used for provisions 
(27 829) 
(19 268) 
(4 753) 
(4 323) 
(1 276) 
Portfolio loss reserve (specific reserve capital) 
15 507  
11 807  
9 695  
7 195  
1 635  
Liquidity ratio for 180 days ***** 
582% 
227% 
482% * 
449% 
352% 
Financial instruments (gross value) 
  
  
  
  
  
Outstanding (EUR ’000) (by financial instrument) 
  
  
  
  
  
Loans 
240 412  
217 131  
207 585  
217 429  
218 562  
Guarantees 
284 232  
236 895  
182 376  
147 175  
131 120  
Venture capital funds 
68 331  
59 698  
62 299  
64 785  
44 378  
Total 
592 975  
513 724  
452 260  
429 389  
394 060  
Number of contracts 
22 022  
18 280  
14 402  
11 449  
8 901  
Volumes issued (EUR ’000) (by financial instrument) 
  
  
  
  
  
Loans  
71 559  
66 443  
51 869  
59 465  
52 329  
Guarantees 
98 240  
88 765  
68 615  
56 109  
50 065  
Venture capital funds 
9 022  
4 149  
2 638  
21 356  
18 798  
Total 
178 821  
159 357  
123 122  
136 930  
121 192  
Number of contracts 
5 466  
5 464  
4 697  
4 461  
2 819  
Total contribution to the economy, including the contribution of 
the final recipients, by volumes issued in the period (tEUR) 
531 661  
460 045  
370 560  
359 706  
248 665  
Leverage for raised private funding 
142% 
162% 
185% 
162% 
104% 
Volume of support programmes funding per employee (tEUR) 
2 915  
2 314  
1 966  
1 749  
1 382  
Long-term rating assigned by Moody's Investors Service 
Baa1  
Baa1  
Baa1  
-  
-  
 
* Due to change of accounting policy on investments in venture capital funds and adoption of IFRS 9 requirements that effects the accounting 
of public funding risk coverage the comparatives for 2017 and2016 have been restated. 
** Due to reclassification of fees and commission related to lending activities following the industry practise, excludes fees and commission not 
related to lending activities, the comparatives for 2018 have been reclassified with subsequent ratio recalculation.      
*** Due to reclassification of staff and administrative costs to be compensated as well as respective income on compensation, the comparatives 
for 2018 have been reclassified with subsequent ratio recalculation.      
**** TMA includes off-balance sheet item outstanding guarantees. 
***** Liquidity ratio calculation takes into account the previous experience and management estimate of expected amount and timing of 
guarantees claims.

--- Page 312 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Other notes to the annual report 
98 
 
Definitions of ratios  
Net income from interest, 
fees and commission 
“Net income from interest, fees and commission” is equal to the  item “Net interest income” in the Statement 
of Comprehensive Income. Until 2018 this ratio included the following items of the Statement of 
Comprehensive Income: “Net interest income” and “Net income from fees and commissions”. In 2019 
following the industry practise Fee and commission income from lending activities is reclassified to Interest 
income from “Net income from fees and commissions”. Subsequently the fee and commission income not 
related to lending activities is reclassified within Other income and as such is not included in this ratio. The item 
“Net income from fees and commissions” is not applicable in The Statement of Comprehensive Income any 
more. The comparatives have been reclassified accordingly.. ALTUM uses this indicator as the key financial 
metric for profitability by evaluating ALTUM Group’s net income amount generated by the portfolio of financial 
instruments and recognised in the Statement of Comprehensive income. ALTUM management measures and 
monitors the actual performance of this indicator on a quarterly basis compared to the approved level in 
ALTUM Group’s budget. 
Cost to income ratio (CIR) 
“Cost to income ratio” (CIR) is calculated by dividing the amount of “Staff costs”, “Administrative expense”, 
“Amortisation of intangible assets and depreciation of property, plant and equipment” by “Operating income 
before operating expenses” included in the Statement of Comprehensive Income. ALTUM uses CIR to evaluate 
the operational efficiency. This is one of the measures of operational efficiency which ALTUM management 
assesses on a quarterly basis in the management reports to evaluate the outputs from different operational 
activities and efficiency improving measures. 
Tangible common equity 
(TCE) / Tangible managed 
assets (TMA) 
“Tangible Common Equity” (TCE) is calculated by subtracting the revaluation reserve of available for sale 
investments from total equity. 
The amount of “Total managed assets” (TMA) is calculated by adding the guarantees shown as off-balance 
sheet items to the total assets of ALTUM Group taking into account provisions for these guarantees and 
subtracting “Deferred expense”, “Accrued income”, “Property, plant and equipment”, “Intangible assets”, 
“Other assets” and “Assets held for sale”.  
Data for the calculation of both indicators (TCE, TMA) are obtained from ALTUM Group’s Financial statements: 
Statement of Financial Position and Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity, notes - Off balance sheet 
items and contingent liabilities and Provisions. ALTUM uses the ratio “TCE/TMA” to evaluate ALTUM Group’s 
capital position adequacy and to measure ALTUM Group’s tangible common equity in terms of ALTUM Group’s 
tangible managed assets including the off-balance sheet item Guarantee portfolio. The Risk and Liquidity 
Management Committee of ALTUM monitors its level on a quarterly basis.  
Total risk coverage 
“Total Risk Coverage” is the net funding available for covering the expected credit losses of the State aid 
programmes implemented by ALTUM. “Total Risk Coverage” is calculated as the total of “Risk Coverage 
Reserve” and “Portfolio Loss Reserve” (Specific Capital Reserves) less “Risk Coverage Reserve Used for 
Provisions”. The expected losses are estimated before implementation of the respective State aid programme 
and part of the public funding received under respective State aid programme for coverage of expected 
losses on credit risk is transferred either to “Portfolio Loss Reserve” as ALTUM Group’s specific capital reserve or 
accounted separately as provisions for risk coverage under liabilities item “Risk Coverage Reserve”. “Portfolio 
Loss Reserve” (specific capital reserve) is disclosed in the Note on Reserves to the Financial statements of the 
ALTUM Group. “Risk Coverage Reserve” is disclosed in the Note on Support Programme Funding to the 
Financial statements of ALTUM Group. “Risk Coverage Reserve Used for Provisions” is the amount of “Risk 
Coverage Reserve” allocated to and used for provisioning for impairment loss on loan portfolio and 
guarantees which in its turn is disclosed in the Note on Loans and Note on Provisions to the Financial statements 
of ALTUM Group. 
“Total Risk Coverage” is key indicator to be used for assessment of ALTUM’s risk coverage on implemented 
programmes and long-term financial stability.  
180-day liquidity ratio 
“180-days-liquidity ratio” is calculated by dividing the amount of the balances “Due from other credit 
institutions and the Treasury” with a maturity of up to 1 month and “Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income and  Investment securities” by the amount of the total liabilities maturing within 6 
months and total financial commitments maturing within 6 months (off-balance sheet items). The data 
required for the calculation of the “180-days liquidity ratio” is disclosed in the following ALTUM Group’s Financial 
statements: Statement of Financial Position and notes – Maturity profile of assets and liabilities under the section 
of Risk Management, Off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities. ALTUM uses the “180-days-liquidity 
ratio” to assess and monitor ALTUM Group’s ability to fulfil ALTUM Group’s contractual and/or contingent 
liabilities during 6 (six) month with the currently available liquidity resources. “180-days-liquidity ratio” helps to 
manage ALTUM Group’s liquidity risk in line with ALTUM Group’s/ALTUM’s funding management objectives and 
risk framework.  Risk and Liquidity Management Committee of ALTUM monitors its level on a quarterly basis. 
Total contribution to the 
economy, including the 
participation of the final 
recipients, by volumes 
issued in the period 
The 'total contribution to the economy, including the participation of the final recipients, by volumes issued in 
the period’ is calculated by adding to the volumes issued by ALTUM the financing provided by the private co-
financier and the project promoter.

--- Page 313 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Other notes to the annual report 
99 
 
Definition of ratios (cont’d) 
Leverage for raised private 
funding 
“Leverage for raised private funding” indicates the amount of additional private funds invested in a project in 
addition to ALTUM’s financing. “Leverage for raised private funding” is determined considering the financing 
invested by a private co-financier and a project’s implementer, which, on average, makes up to 50 per cent 
for loans, up to 70 per cent for guarantees and venture capital (except for housing loan guarantees’ 
programme for the first instalment with a ratio of 795 per cent) in addition to ALTUM’s funding. 
Employees 
Average number of employees in the period excluding members of the Council and the Audit Committee. 
Volume of support 
programmes funding per 
employee 
"Support programmes funding per employee" is calculated by dividing the gross value of the Financial 
Instruments Portfolio by the average number of employees during the period, excluding members of the 
Supervisory Council and the Audit Committee. 
Venture capital 
The Venture Capital Funds presented at their gross value.

--- Page 314 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Other notes to the annual report 
100 
 
Corporate Governance Report 2019 
The statement of joint-stock company Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum (Development Finance Institution Altum, hereinafter 
– Altum), unified registration No. 50103744891, on corporate governance in 2019 is prepared in accordance with the 
requirements of Section 56.2 Paragraph three of the Financial Instruments Market Law.  
Altum Group (Altum and the total of companies included in the consolidation group, hereinafter referred as the Group) parent 
company is a Latvia state-owned company ensuring access of enterprises and households to the financing resources by 
means of support financial instruments - loans, guarantees, investments in venture capital funds - in areas defined as important 
and to be supported by the state, thus developing national economy and by such way enhancing mobilization of private 
capital and financial resources.  
Information about management of Altum and Group, representatives of the holders of the capital shares, Audit Committee 
and administrative structure of Altum is available on Altum’s home page www.altum.lv, under section ABOUT ALTUM, sub-
section Management and Structure.  
Strategy 2019 - 2021  
Following strategic development directions and long-term objectives are set in the approved JSC Development Finance 
Institution Altum Strategy for the period 2019 – 2021: 
▪ Major 
financial 
objective 
in 
implementation 
of 
the 
state 
aid 
programmes – positive return on Altum’s 
capital.  
 
 
▪ Priority directions of Altum are: issuing of guarantees and their servicing, 
venture capital investments, implementation of energy efficiency 
programmes with regard to both – heat insulation of multi-apartment 
buildings and corporate segment, development of the Latvian Land 
Fund as well as initiation of new projects by expanding the range of the 
financial instruments offered. 
 
▪ Major non-financial objective is to support 
and promote availability of finances to 
the business and development of the 
national economy.  
 
 
▪ Main target segments: support to entrepreneurs; energy efficiency; 
support to farmers; support to specific categories of persons; 
management of the Latvian Land Fund. 
 
Detailed information on financial objectives is disclosed in the Consolidated and Separate Annual Report for the year ended 
31 December 2019 (hereinafter - the Annual Report) Management Report and in the Annual Report Other Notes. On 
achievement of non-financial objectives set in the Strategy for 2019 see below.  
 
▪ 
Contribution to economy by Altum volumes issued in 2019 reaches EUR 532 million (-EUR 44 million / -8% vs projected, 
+EUR 72 million vs 2018). However contribution to economy by Altum portfolio in 2019 (annual) reaches EUR 642 million, 
+EUR 18 million vs 2018. 
 
▪ 
Volume of support programmes funding (excl. grants) per employee (*) is EUR 3.1 million (-EUR 0.1 million / -3% vs 
projected, + EUR 0.4 million vs 2018). 
 
▪ 
Employee turnover is 7% that is in line with projections (<10%), +0.9% vs 2018. 
 
▪ 
Annual number of trained employees reaches 84% that is in line with projections (>60%), -2% vs 2018.       
 
▪ 
Volumes issued (excl. grants) (*) in 2019 reaches EUR 188 million with minor deviation of -EUR 6 million / -3% vs 
projected (+EUR 29 million vs 2018). 
 
▪ 
Gross portfolio (*) as at end of 2019 is EUR 617 million (+EUR 6 million / +1% vs projected, +EUR 89 million vs 2018). 
 
▪ 
Credit rating assigned by Moody’s projected – not more than two niches below the sovereign rating of Latvia (A3 by 
Moody’s), actual for 2019 (same for 2018) is Baa1 better than projected.  
 
* In Strategy particular objectives are set, including investment properties of Latvia Land Fund, that are classified out of scope 
of financial instruments.  
Deviations of individual indicators from the projections are insignificant, and they have not adversely affected implementation 
of the key objectives and strategy of Altum.

--- Page 315 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Other notes to the annual report 
101 
 
Corporate Governance Report 2019 (cont’d) 
Information on the key elements of the internal control and risk management system of Altum that are applied in the 
preparation of the financial statements  
Internal control  
The purpose of the internal control system is to provide a reasoned assurance that the assets of Altum and the Group are 
secured against loss and unauthorised management and use, the operational risks are identified and managed on an 
ongoing basis, the amount of capital is adequate to cover the identified risks inherent in the operation of Altum and the 
Group, the transactions are performed in line with the procedures established by Altum and the Group, Altum and the Group 
operate reasonably, prudently and efficiently in compliance with the requirements of laws and regulations, and the 
drawbacks identified in the management of Altum and the Group are fixed in due time.  
The management of Altum and the Group bears responsibility for establishing a comprehensive internal control system (ICS) 
and its effective functioning. With respect to preparing the financial statements and the truthfulness, impartiality, clarity and 
completeness of the information disclosed therein, this responsibility is materialized by selecting adequate accounting 
methods that are described in internal regulatory documents. 
The Internal Audit Division, being an independent body subordinated to Altum’s Council with its head appointed based on 
the decision of Altum shareholders’ meeting, supervises the internal control system at Altum and the Group and assesses its 
adequacy and efficiency. Every year the shareholders’ meeting approves the annual action plan for the internal audit about 
which the Internal Audit Division reports to the Council. The Council supervises how the Board provides for establishment of the 
internal control system and its efficient operation. The reports on the results of the internal audits and functioning of the 
management and control system produced by the Internal Audit Division are submitted to the Council. At least once a year 
the Internal Audit Division drafts and submits to the Shareholders’ meeting a report on the accomplished audits and major 
problems identified, gives its assessment of ICS efficiency and opinion on the measures to be undertaken to improve the 
operation of the internal control system. An Audit Committee has been established in Altum and the Group, which, inter alia, 
monitors the efficiency of the internal control and risk management system, in as much as it pertains to maintaining the 
credibility and impartiality of annual reports and consolidated annual reports. The Audit Committee, in line with the 
requirements of Law on the Financial Instruments Market, monitors the process of the preparation of financial statements of 
Altum and the Group, and performs other duties assigned to it by laws and regulations. The Internal Audit Division performs its 
duties in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations, the international standards for the professional practice in 
internal auditing and the internal regulations of Altum and the Group.  
An Accounting Policy and Policy on Establishment of Provisions have been developed in Altum and the Group, the purpose 
of which is to define principles, methods and rules for the accounting, assessment and disclosure of transactions, facts, events 
and items in financial statements. The management of Altum and the Group has established an accounting policy that 
ensures that the financial statements provide information that is reliable and useful for the users of such statements in decision-
making. The applied Accounting Policy and Policy on Establishment of Provisions ensure that the information disclosed in the 
statements of Altum and the Group is true, comparable, timely, significant, explicit, relevant and complete. Altum and the 
Group have developed internal regulatory documents defining the procedure of preparing the financial statements.  
Risk management  
For risk management, Altum and the Group have developed a risk management system that takes into account the size, 
structure and operational characteristics of Altum and the Group, as well as restricted options for management of certain 
risks. Altum and the Group manage the risks affecting their operations in compliance with the risk management internal 
regulatory documents approved by Altum and the Group that detail and establish the aggregate of measures used in 
management of the risks inherent to their operations.  
The following major risk management principles are followed:  
▪ 
Risk management is a component of every-day functions;  
▪ 
Altum and the Group identify and assess the probable risks before launching of new products or services;  
▪ 
While assuming the risks, Altum and the Group are capable of long-term pursuit of the delegated aims and assignments;  
▪ 
Altum and the Group do not enter into transactions, operations, etc. entailing risks that endanger their operational stability 
or may result in substantial damage to their reputation.  
In their risk management Altum and the Group make use of various risk analysis methods and instruments as well as establish 
risk limits and restrictions.  
Information about the key elements of the risk management system of enterprises involved in consolidation, applied in 
preparation of consolidated financial statements, is provided in Annual Report.

--- Page 316 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Other notes to the annual report 
102 
 
Corporate Governance Report 2019 (cont’d) 
Annual Report is publicly available in the premises of Altum at 4 Dome Square, Riga and in electronic form – on the website 
www.altum.lv, in INVESTORS section under FINANCIAL INFORMATION sub-section and in ABOUT ALTUM section under 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION sub-section.  
Independent audit  
An independent audit of the financial statements of Altum and the Group is performed by independent auditors who provide 
their opinion stating whether the financial statements of Altum and the Group give a true and fair view of the financial position, 
financial performance and cash flows of Altum and the Group in accordance with the International Financial Reporting 
Standards as adopted by the European Union. SIA PricewaterhouseCoopers has been approved the auditor of the financial 
statements of Altum and Group for years 2018-2019. The auditor was selected following the procedure established by the 
Public Procurement Law. The following qualification criteria were considered in selection of the auditor:  
- in the last 3 (three) years has had experience of at least 3 (three) audits performed on the annual reports of credit institutions 
and/or insurance companies;  
- holds a licence for provision of the services of sworn auditor;  
- the auditor in charge holds the certificate of sworn auditor issued by Latvian Association of Sworn Auditors. 
The following criteria were applied to selection of the auditor:  
- the lowest price;  
- performance of the contract involves an expert on International Financial Reporting Standards.  
 
Remuneration policy  
Altum publishes information about the principles of remuneration policy alongside the fundamental principles of Altum’s code 
of ethics, which are available at www.altum.lv, under section ABOUT ALTUM, sub-section Personnel/Vacancies.  
Corporate social responsibility  
In its day-to-day operations in implementing State-delegated functions to foster development of the national economy and 
voluntarily taking the responsibility for its impact on society and the environment, Altum acts in compliance with the 
organization’s strategy and values (Team, Excellence, Responsibility).  
Altum uses support financial instruments – loans, guarantees and investments in venture capital funds - to foster development 
of the national economy in areas defined as important and to be supported by the state, enhancing mobilization of private 
capital and financial resources. Altum has a long-term vision to attract financing for the purpose of ensuring the availability of 
resources to finance business projects important for the national economy.  
Altum focuses on sustainable development and innovative solutions for ensuring financial stability.  
Altum has identified and developed close cooperation with its stakeholders, being aware of Altum’s special role in the national 
economy and the needs of its stakeholders. Altum is aware of and assesses the social, environmental and economic impact 
of its operations, and engages stakeholders in tackling matters important to both sides. In developing relations with the parties 
relevant, Altum organizes and is involved in consultations, establishes partnerships, organises informational and educational 
events.  
Already In 2017 Altum issued bonds as series of notes quoted on Nasdaq Riga for the total face value of EUR 20 million being 
in compliance with the Green Bond Framework, becoming the first national development institution of the Central and Eastern 
European countries that has issued the green bonds. In order to assure investors that funding raised by green bonds will be 
used by ALTUM to invest in environment-friendly projects and help to reach specific environmental objectives, CICERO (Centre 
for International Climate and Environmental Research, Oslo) prepared an independent opinion on the Green Bond Framework 
of ALTUM. CICERO recognised that the system of financial management and reporting of the funds acquired as a result of the 
issue of the notes complied with high standards.  
The funding attracted from the issue of the Green Bonds is used to fund sustainable business projects in the fields of energy 
efficiency, energy generation from renewable energy resources, green buildings and sustainable transportation, including 
energy service companies (ESCO) that provide services to the companies in these fields. In 2019 the loan volume issued to 
those projects was EUR 6.7 million, which by EUR 5 million exceeded that of 2018. The largest volume of loans in 2019 is in the 
energy efficiency segment, which dominates strongly in terms of number of projects and funding volume for transactions in 
renewable energy, sustainable transport and green building segments, where first loans were granted in 2019 and a number 
of project applications were received. Energy efficiency investment projects are being implemented not only by companies 
but also in the municipal sector, where solutions for heating systems are mainly implemented. Several ESCO projects in the 
field of lighting and technology should also be highlighted as well. It should be noted that the good results are due to the

--- Page 317 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Other notes to the annual report 
103 
 
Corporate Governance Report 2019 (cont’d) 
explanatory work carried out, yielding a changing attitude of Latvian companies in favour of green and sustainable 
investments, considering not only gains these investments bring to the mitigation of climate change but also to immediate 
financial benefits of the company by decreased consumption of energy resources and maintenance costs. 
By engaging in community support activities and supporting organizations, projects and programmes, Altum focuses on 
initiatives that encourage entrepreneurial activity. Altum does not make donations, but supports projects, financially and with 
the help of volunteers, that help promote and foster entrepreneurship, innovation, education, meaningful use of the available 
state aid instruments, and other activities that improve public well-being, foster environmental protection and promote 
Latvia’s economic growth.  
 
When considering engaging in specific community support activities, Altum’s decisions are based on the objectives, policies 
and values it has defined as a state-owned company, while involved in the implementation of support activities are Altum 
employees and the general public. The way of involvement and the amount of funding that Altum mobilizes for community 
support projects are determined by Altum’s operating strategy and budget, which is decided by the company’s 
Management Board and shareholders.  
Initiatives supported in 2019:  
Innovation, 
infrastructure 
5G Techritory 
Promoting the Baltic Sea Region countries’ cooperation in digital 
infrastructure 
Three Seas Initiative Investment 
Fund (3SIIF) 
Promoting a new financing initiative to support transport, energy 
and digital infrastructure projects in Central and Eastern Europe, 
contributing to the region’s economic development and quality 
infrastructure 
Investor of the Year 
Popularization of venture capital investments and their positive 
effect on the national economy of Latvia, highlighting the most 
successful private and corporate investment deals 
Techcill 
Fostering the development of the Baltic start-up ecosystem 
Development 
of business 
environment 
Business think tanks 
Promoting an exchange of views on matters important to the 
business environment by joining forces with partners - Latvian 
Employers’ Confederation and the European Commission 
Business experience days 
Promoting sharing of knowledge among entrepreneurs for 
successful business development in cooperation with partners - 
LCCI and Swedbank 
Countryside Will Be! competition 
(Laukiem būt) 
Promotion of entrepreneurial activity in rural areas by involving 
young people, fostering the development of their competencies 
and involvement in rural entrepreneurship in cooperation with the 
Latvian Rural Advisory and Training Centre, while promoting a more 
balanced regional development in Latvia 
Effect upon 
environment, 
green 
thinking 
Living Warmer campaign and Most 
Energy Efficient Building in Latvia 
project 
Promoting energy-efficient practices in households and business 
environment, emphasizing both financial and environmental 
benefits thereof 
Forum Can Business Today Afford 
not to Be Energy Efficient? 
In cooperation with partners - Ministry of Economics and European 
Commission

--- Page 318 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Other notes to the annual report 
104 
 
Corporate Governance Report 2019 (cont’d) 
 
Education 
Higher education (Latvia University 
of Life Sciences and Technologies, 
BA School of Business and Finance) 
Promoting cooperation between science and business, youth 
involvement in research, commercialization of research quality 
and innovative ideas 
Latvian student companies’ events 
#CitsBazārs 
Educating a new generation of entrepreneurs and industry 
experts by linking, in the learning process, theoretical 
knowledge with practice, through participation in the Junior 
Achievement Latvia programme Student Company (Skolēnu 
mācību uzņēmums - SMU) 
Public 
welfare, 
demography 
Social Entrepreneurship Association 
Promotion of the idea of social entrepreneurship so that Latvia 
would have increasingly more enterprises with a clear social 
purpose and positive social impact 
Support for starting a business 
Improving remigrants’ access to information on state aid for starting 
a business to help their business endeavours upon returning in Latvia  
Financial 
sector 
development 
Finance Latvia association 
Promotion of sustainable development of the financial sector by 
focusing, in cooperation with commercial banks, on the 
development of lending, personnel, communication, legal and 
other matters, and encouraging exchange of opinions and decision 
making in Latvia’s public interest; 
Export 
The Red Jackets 
Popularization of export-viable companies’ experience and 
excellence in promoting export culture and positive economic 
impact; 
Competition Export and Innovation 
Award 
Promotion of the production of new products with high export 
potential by popularizing the performance of Latvian companies 
and commending the manufacture of quality domestic products 
for the market, introduction of innovations and development of 
industrial design 
More information about Altum principles for implementation of public support activities and support projects is available on 
website www.altum.lv.  
In 2019 for the first time Altum applied for the Sustainability Index maintained by the Institute for Corporate Sustainability and 
Responsibility and scored Silver Category. The Sustainability Index is a strategic management tool that helps companies assess 
their performance in five key areas: strategic planning, market relations, work environment, environment and local community. 
The assessment methodology has been developed by experts from the Institute for Corporate Sustainability and Responsibility, 
and the criteria are based on international experience and principles so as to provide an objective view of companies’ 
approach to risk and process management. Further information about the leading experts in each assessment category is 
available on the website of the Institute for Corporate Sustainability and Responsibility, www.incsr.eu/par-mums/eksperti.

--- Page 319 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Other notes to the annual report 
105 
 
Corporate Governance Report 2019 (cont’d) 
 
 
For the purposes of improving the legal and social situation of its employees and creating a positive working environment 
based on justice, mutual trust, understanding and openness that would help achieve the established goals, Altum has 
concluded a Collective Agreement.  
Corporate Governance Report 2019 is publicly available at Altum’s premises at 4 Dome Square, Riga and in electronic form – 
on the website www.altum.lv, in INVESTORS section under FINANCIAL INFORMATION sub-section.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Reinis Bērziņš  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Chairman of the Board 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
31 March 2020  
 
 
85.5%
73%
91.8%
82.4%
49.7%
0.0%
10.0%
20.0%
30.0%
40.0%
50.0%
60.0%
70.0%
80.0%
90.0%
100.0%
Society
Strategy
Market
Work environment
Environment
Altum performance in five corporate responsibility and 
sustainability areas

--- Page 320 ---
JSC DEVELOPMENT FINANCE INSTITUTION ALTUM 
 
 
 
 
Unaudited interim condensed financial report 
 for the six months period ended 30 June 2021

--- Page 321 ---
1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page  
 
 
Altum Group 
2 
 
Management Report 
3 - 9 
 
Supervisory Council and Management Board 
10 
 
Statement of Management’s Responsibility 
11 
 
 
Financial statements: 
 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
12 
 
Statement of Financial Position 
13  
 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
14 
 
Company’s Statement of Changes in Equity 
15 
 
Statement of Cash Flows 
16 
 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
17 - 76 
 
 
Other Notes to the Interim Condensed Report 
78 – 81 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AS Attīstības finanšu institūcija Altum 
Doma laukums 4, Riga, LV-1050, Latvia 
Phone: 
+ 371 67774010 
Fax: 
+ 371 67820143 
Registration No: 
50103744891 
www.altum.lv

--- Page 322 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum  
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
 
2 
Altum Group 
 
MISSION 
We help Latvia grow!  
VISION  
To be a partner and financial expert in economic development  
VALUES 
Excellence / Team / Responsibility 
AS Attīstības finanšu institūcija Altum (the joint stock company Development Finance Institution Altum), Parent Company of 
the Altum Group, is a Latvian state-owned company that implements the aid and development programmes by means of 
financial instruments and grants pursuing the state’s policy in the national economy and providing for execution of other 
government assignments stipulated and delegated by laws and regulations. Eliminating market failures with the help of various 
support instruments that enhance the development of national economy is the fundamental purpose of Altum’s activities. 
 
Long-term objectives until 2021 
Following strategic development directions and long-term objectives are set in the approved JSC Development Finance 
Institution Altum Strategy for the period 2019 – 2021:
▪ In the implementation of the state aid programmes, the 
main financial objective is to ensure positive return on 
Altum’s capital.  
▪ The main non-financial objective is to support and 
promote availability of finances to business and the 
development of national economy.  
▪ Priority directions of Altum are the following: issuing of 
guarantees 
and 
their 
servicing, 
venture 
capital 
investments, implementation of energy efficiency 
programmes with regard to thermal insulation of both 
multi-apartment buildings and the corporate segment, 
development of the Latvian Land Fund as well as 
initiation of new projects by expanding the range of the 
financial instruments offered.  
▪ The main target activities embrace support to 
entrepreneurs, farmers and specific categories of 
persons; energy efficiency; management of the Latvian 
Land Fund.

--- Page 323 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
 
3 
 
Management Report 
Activity during the reporting period 
Despite the fact that the impact of the pandemic has not diminished during the reporting period, the first 6 months of 2021 
the Development Finance Institution Altum group (hereinafter – the Group) and the Group’s parent company, the joint-stock 
company Development Finance Institution Altum (hereinafter – the Company) have ensured stable financial results and 
earned a profit of EUR 5.9 million.  
Key financial and performance indicators of the Group 
Based on data from audited financial statements for the respective years 
 
2021 6M 
(unaudited) 
2020 6M 
(unaudited) 
2020 
(audited) 
Key financial data 
  
  
  
Net interest income (EUR ’000)  
 8 298  
 6 319  
 14 572  
Profit for the period (EUR ’000) 
 5 947  
 738  
 5 539  
Cos to income ratio (CIR)  
46.24% 
52.85% 
47.51% 
Employees * 
 222  
 205  
 211  
Total assets (EUR ’000) 
 896 486  
 700 967  
 850 704  
Tangible common equity (TCE) / Total tangible managed assets (TMA) ** 
34.73% 
34.53% 
33.56% 
Equity and reserves (EUR ’000) 
 414 970  
 332 769  
 382 904  
Total risk coverage: (EUR ’000) 
 232 725  
 95 453  
 180 205  
Risk coverage reserve 
 127 364  
 109 441  
 112 567  
Risk coverage reserve used for provisions  
 (29 434) 
 (29 495) 
 (28 197) 
Portfolio loss reserve (specific reserve capital) 
 135 704  
 15 507  
 102 264  
Portfolio loss reserve used to compensate provisions in the distribution of annual profit 
 (909) 
  
 (6 429) 
Liquidity ratio for 180 days *** 
346% 
348% 
464% 
Financial instruments (gross value) 
  
  
  
Outstanding (EUR ’000) (by financial instrument) **** 
  
  
  
Loans (excluding sales and leaseback transactions) 
 323 275  
 264 316  
 302 481  
Guarantees 
 379 602  
 321 987  
 359 605  
Venture capital funds 
 83 620  
 68 589  
 73 165  
Land Fund, of which: 
 72 411  
 52 304  
 68 258  
           - sales and leaseback transactions 
 34 263  
 18 814  
 31 500  
           - investment properties 
 38 148  
 33 490  
 36 758  
Total 
 858 908  
 707 196  
 803 509  
Number of transactions 
 28 951  
 24 085  
 26 578  
Volumes issued (EUR ’000) (by financial instrument) **** 
  
  
  
Loans (excluding sales and leaseback transactions) 
 59 492  
 66 606  
 138 238  
Guarantees 
 55 671  
 68 734  
 137 425  
Venture capital funds 
 13 222  
 2 939  
 14 014  
Land Fund, of which: ***** 
 3 870  
 12 501  
 28 191  
           - sales and leaseback transactions 
 2 214  
 3 528  
 16 796  
           - investment properties 
 1 656  
 8 973  
 11 395  
Total 
 132 255  
 150 780  
 317 868  
Number of transactions 
 3 270  
 2 729  
 6 147  
Leverage for raised private funding 
163% 
93% 
114% 
Volume of support programmes funding per employee (EUR ’000) 
 3 869  
 3 450  
 3 808  
Long-term rating assigned by Moody’s Investors Service 
 Baa1  
 Baa1  
 Baa1  
 
* TMA includes the off-balance sheet item, namely, guarantees at net carrying amount. 
** The calculation of liquidity ratio takes into account the previous experience and management estimate of the expected 
amount and timing of guarantee claims. 
*** Taking into account the significance of the volume, the Land Fund portfolio, which consists of leaseback transactions and 
investment properties, is also presented in the operational volumes for the period. As in compliance with the accounting 
principles and IFRS the leaseback transactions are accounted for under the loans, the loan volume in this table has been 
reduced for the volume of the leaseback transactions as it is recorded under the Land Fund portfolio.  
The figures are explained in the section ‘Key Financial and Performance Indicators’ under Other Notes to the Group’s Financial 
Statements.

--- Page 324 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
 
4 
 
Management Report (cont’d) 
Operational volumes  
The core business lines of the Group include lending, issuing of guarantees, investments in venture capital funds and 
transactions of the Latvian Land Fund (hereinafter - the Land Fund) activities that form the Group’s portfolio. 
As at 30 June 2021, the Group’s gross portfolio was EUR 859 million consisting of 28,951 projects (31 December 2020: EUR 804 
million and 26,578).  
In the first half of 2021, the Group’s portfolio increased by 2,373 projects (+8.9%) and by EUR 55.4 million (+6.9%) and that was 
significantly lower than in the first half of 2020, when it increased by EUR 90 million (+14.6%). it should be noted that the Group 
rapidly responded when in mid-March 2020 Covid-19 was declared a global pandemic and to the sharp economic downturn. 
It was actively involved in mitigating the negative impact of Covid-19 on the business sector by developing special financial 
instruments that resulted in a significant increase in the Group's portfolio in the first half of 2020. The portfolio of specialised 
financial instruments for Covid-19 effect mitigation increased by EUR 56.1 million while in the first half of 2021, when government 
support instruments had yielded results and both the global and national economies had recovered, the interest of companies 
in the support instruments significantly decreased, thus the said portfolio increased by only EUR 10.5 million. Consequently, the 
largest increases in the Group's portfolio in the respective period of 2021 were not related to the support programme for 
overcoming the consequences of Covid-19. That part of the Group's financial instruments portfolio increased by 
EUR 44.9 million, which is by EUR 11 million more than in the first half of 2020, when it increased by EUR 33.9 million. This, in turn, 
shows that businesses, in general, have successfully adapted to the market situation and are ready to invest in growth and 
further development. 
The largest increase in the first half of 2021 was observed in the loan portfolio, increasing by EUR 20.8 million (+6.9%) and by 
234 projects (+2.8%), which is less than in the corresponding period in 2020, when it increased by EUR 39.2 million (+17.4%) by 
volume and by 181 (+3%) projects. The largest increase of the loan portfolio in the first half of 2021 was ensured by the SME 
growth loans (+EUR 7.7 million), loans for acquisition of agricultural land intended for agricultural production (+EUR 7.4 million), 
the Covid-19 crisis-related loan programme (+EUR 3.5 million), Starts-up and Micro loans (+EUR 2 million) and small loans in rural 
areas (+EUR 1.5 million). 
In the first half of 2021, the guarantee portfolio increased by EUR 20 million (+5.6%), which is less than in the respective period 
of 2020, when the guarantee portfolio increased by EUR 37.8 million (+13.3%). In turn, the number of projects in the guarantee 
portfolio grew by 2,071 projects (+10.8%), which is more than in the respective period of 2020, when the number of projects in 
guarantee portfolio increase by 1,324 projects (+8.5%). The increase in the number of projects in the guarantee portfolio in the 
first half of 2021 was mainly ensured by Housing Guarantees for Families with Children. The large increase in the first half of 2021 
was ensured by Housing Guarantees for Families with Children (+EUR 13.2 million), Guarantee Programme for Improving Energy 
Efficiency in Multi-Apartments Buildings (+EUR 6.4 million), Housing Guarantees for Young Professionals (+EUR 3.7 million), Study 
loan portfolio guarantees (+EUR 2.5 million) and the loan guarantee programmes for the Covid-19-affected businesses (+EUR 
2.2 million). 
In the first half of 2021, the venture capital funds increased by EUR 10.5 million (+14.3%), which is significantly more than in the 
respective period of 2020, when the volume of the venture capital funds increased by EUR 0.26 million (+0.38%). This increase 
was ensured by investments in the AIF Altum Capital Fund and in the 4th generation venture capital funds. 
In the first half of 2021, the portfolio of the Land Fund increased by EUR 4.2 million (+6.1%) and by 50 projects (+6.9%), which is 
significantly less than in the respective period of 2020, when the Land Fund’s portfolio increased by EUR 12.7 million (+32%) and 
by 133 projects (+23%). Demand for the Land Fund services has decreased as the year 2020 was favourable for farmers and 
provided good income, thus restoring the purchasing power of farmers themselves, which has reduced the demand for 
additional funding. 
As at 30 June 2021, the balance sheet of the Land Fund included 1,085 properties with a total land area of 21,622 ha and 
amounting to EUR 72.4 million, including investment properties with a total area of 11,538 ha and amounting to EUR 38.1 million 
(31 December 2020: 10,964 ha; EUR 36.8 million), and leaseback transactions for 10,084 ha amounting to EUR 34.3 million 
(31 December 2020: 9,140 ha; EUR 31.5 million).  
The largest portfolio of the Group is formed in the SMEs and Midcaps segment – 42.6%, while the Agriculture segment accounts 
for – 25.7%, Individuals – 22% and Financial intermediaries – 9.7%. The transactions of the Land Fund are recorded under the 
Agriculture segment.

--- Page 325 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
 
5 
 
Management Report (cont’d) 
Operational volumes (cont’d) 
 
Group 30/06/2021 
In the first half of 2021, an increase in volume was observed in all segments. The largest growth was demonstrated by the 
Individuals segment, namely, by EUR 24.5 million (+15%), which is significantly more than in the first half of 2020, when the 
portfolio in this segment grew by EUR 8.5 million (+6.1%). The increase in the retail portfolios was mainly due to the increase in 
demand for Housing Guarantees, as well as guarantees under the Guarantee Programme for Improving Energy Efficiency in 
Multi-Apartments Buildings. The Agriculture segment increased by EUR 11.8 million (+5.6%), which is less than in the first half of 
2020 when the portfolio in this segment grew by EUR 23.9 million (+14.4%), mainly due to the declining demand for Land Fund 
services. The Financial Intermediaries segment grew by EUR 10.4 million (+14.2%), contrasting to the decrease by EUR 0.13 
million (-0.2%) in the respective period in 2020. SME and Midcap segment increased by EUR 8.6 million (+2.4%), which is 
significantly less than in the respective period in 2020, when the portfolio in this segment grew by EUR 57.6 million (+23.7%). It 
was mainly due to the declining demand for the specialised financial instruments earmarked for overcoming the negative 
impact of Covid-19. 
Volume of new transactions 
In the 6 months of 2021, the total funding disbursed for the implementation of the state aid programmes amounted to 
EUR 132.2 million, breaking down as follows: 45% (EUR 59.5 million) in loan programmes, 42% (EUR 55.7 million) for guarantee 
programmes, 10% (EUR 13.2 million) in investments in the venture capital funds and 3% (EUR 3.9 million) in the Land Fund 
transactions. In total, support was given to 3,270 projects. In general, in the first half of 2021, the volume of the new transactions 
was less by 12% compared to the same period last year, when its increase was ensured by the state aid programmes 
implemented by the Group for supporting entrepreneurs in mitigating the Covid-19 effect. If in the 6 months of 2020 the volume 
of new transactions in the specialized financial instruments for Covid-19 effect mitigation reached EUR 57.7 million, then in the 
same period of this year its volume under these programmes was more than halved – EUR 26 million. In its turn, in the 6 months 
of this year, the volume of new transactions under the regular programmes was by 14% higher than in the 6 months of 2020. 
In the reporting period, the largest volume of the new transactions was recorded in the following segments: SMEs and Mid-
caps –47.9%; Individuals – 24%; Agriculture –18.1%; and Financial Intermediaries – 10%.  
In the first half of 2021, the largest increase in the volume of new transactions was recorded in the Financial Intermediaries 
segment, it being 4.6 times higher than in the first half of 2020. In the Individuals segment, the volume of new transactions in 
the first half of this year was twice as large as in the same period of 2020. In turn, the volume of new business compared to 
that of the first half of 2020 was by 35.8% lower in the SME and Mid-cap segment and by 27% lower. in the Agriculture segment. 
In the first half of 2021, the volume of new loans issued amounted to EUR 59.5 million, which is by 10.7% (-EUR 7.1 million) less 
than in the respective period in 2020 due to a significant decline in demand for Covid-19 crisis-related loans. In the first half of 
2021, the largest amount of new loans was issued under the SME Growth Loan Programme (EUR 18.5 million), under the Covid-
19 crisis-related Loan Programme (EUR 13.3 million), loans for acquisition of agricultural land for the purpose of agricultural 
production (EUR 9.9 million) and working capital loans for agricultural enterprises (EUR 6.4 million).

--- Page 326 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
 
6 
 
Management Report (cont’d) 
Volume of new transactions (cont’d) 
 
Group 30/06/2021 
In the reporting period there were issued new guarantees for EUR 55.7 million or by 19% (-EUR 13.1 million) less against the 
respective period in 2020, due to a significant decline in demand for the Covid-19 crisis-related guarantees. In the first half of 
2021, the largest increase in the guarantee portfolio was in the Housing Guarantees for Families with Children (EUR 17.1 million), 
loan guarantees for entrepreneurs (EUR 13.3 million), the loan guarantee programmes for the Covid-19 affected businesses 
(EUR 7.9 million), Energy Efficiency Programme for Multi-apartment Buildings (EUR 6.1 million), Housing Guarantees for Young 
Professionals (EUR 4.3 million), portfolio guarantees (EUR 2.8 million) and Study loan portfolio guarantees (EUR 2.6 million). 
Taking into account the business specifics, when issuing guarantees for working capital loans, for bank issued guarantees and 
for investment loan, a regular review and the extension of the issued guarantee are required for existing customers. This type 
of transaction is not attributed to newly issued guarantees because it is considered as an extension of guarantees. In the first 
half of 2021, there were extended guarantees worth EUR 30.4 million, of which more than half (55%) were guarantees for 
working capital loans. 
As at 30 June 2021, a total of 17,711 guarantees for EUR 134.5 million of the state aid for housing acquisition was granted within 
the framework of the Programme for Housing Guarantees for Families with Children; out of these, guarantees worth 
EUR 17.1 million were issued in the first half of 2021, which is by 47.5% more against the respective period in 2020, when the 
economic activity of people decreased quite significantly due to the Covid-19 pandemic and national restrictions. The 
guarantees of the Programme help saving for the first instalment required to obtain a mortgage loan and are used by families 
all over Latvia. A total of 3,104 guarantees worth EUR 24 million were issued to young professionals; out of these, 489 guarantees 
worth EUR 4.3 million were issued in the first half of 2021. 
Having launched the European Investment Fund (EIF) COSME and EaSI counter guarantees for loans up to EUR 25 thousand 
the Group has already supported 610 projects (COSME – 86 projects, EaSI – 524 projects) in total amount of EUR 8.6 million. If 
the loan is compatible with COSME or EaSI guarantee terms and conditions, the start-up and micro loans, working capital 
loans to farmers or small loans in rural areas are granted without additional collateral, based solely on a personal guarantee 
and at a lower interest rate compared to other types of unsecured loans.  
In the first half of 2021, the Company’s investments made in venture capital funds amounted to EUR 13.2 million, of which 
EUR 4.8 million - in the Altum Capital Fund, EUR 3.8 million - in the 4th generation venture capital funds, EUR 2.6 million - in the 
Three Seas Investment Fund while EUR 1.2 million and EUR 0.8 million – in the Baltic Innovation Fund and the Baltic Innovation 
Fund 2, respectively. 
In the six months of 2021, the activity of the Land Fund was significantly lower than in the respective period of 2020, reaching 
only 30% of the volume of transactions performed then. This can be explained both by the relatively favourable previous year 
for farmers enabling them to recover their purchasing power, which has reduced the demand for additional funding and 
property purchase offers were made without involving the Land Fund.

--- Page 327 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
 
7 
 
Management Report (cont’d) 
Non-financial instrument portfolio 
In order to make accessing to the support instruments more convenient for its clients, apart from the financial instruments, the 
Group services some grant programmes as well, namely, the grants issued under the Energy Efficiency Programme for Multi-
apartment Buildings (EEPMB), Social Entrepreneurship Programme and European Local Energy Assistance (ELENA) Programme, 
the grants under the support program BALSTS for the purchase or construction of housing for families with three or more 
children, grants under the Culture Support Programme, for which organisers of art, entertainment and recreation events can 
apply from 19 May this year; on May 27, accepting of applications to the Energy Efficiency Support Programme for Private 
Houses began. The programme gained great interest from the very start, and 392 applications from private house owners had 
been received by 1 July. As the amount of funding for the programme is limited and approximately 243 projects are envisaged 
to be supported, accepting of new project applications has been suspended as of 1 July. As at 1 July, 192 applications had 
been approved and 42 agreements had been concluded with beneficiaries.  
As at 30 June 2021, the EEPMB programme had awarded a total of 401 grants for EUR 87.2 million, of which 63 grants for EUR 
15.1 million were granted in the first half of 2021. As of 18 December 2020, the programme was suspended and no new 
applications were accepted and currently the evaluation of the projects, awarding of grants and implementation of projects 
are carried out. 
As at 30 June 2021, a total of 128 grants for EUR 8 million were awarded under the Social Entrepreneurship Programme. 
In order to promote and support planning of the energy efficiency projects, Altum, acting in co-operation with the European 
Investment Bank, provides to companies a supplementary support grant earmarked for covering the costs related to expertise 
and drafting of energy efficiency projects. As at 30 June 2021, there were a total of 60 grants awarded for EUR 617 thousand. 
In November 2020, within the framework of the new support programme BALSTS, the Group started accepting applications 
for the issuance of non-refundable state subsidies or grants for the purchase or construction of housing for families with three 
or more children. As at 30 June 2021, a total of 270 grants for EUR 2.3 million were awarded. 
 
Group 30/06/2021 
New products and increasing operational efficiency 
In order to continue providing support to Covid-19-affected businesses, in May the Cabinet of Ministers approved 
amendments to the Covid-19 crisis support programmes extending their duration to the end of the year. In addition, 
amendments to the Cabinet regulations for working capital loans to economic operators whose activities have been affected 
by the spread of Covid-19 were approved setting the duration of the programme up to 31 December 2021 thus providing for 
the extension of the term of commencement of repayment of the principal amount of working capital loans to the said 
economic operators from 18 to 24 months as well as to extend the maximum loan repayment term from 3 to 4 years and 
increase the maximum loan amount from EUR 1 million to EUR 1.5 million. Although the Cabinet regulations allow extending 
the loan repayment term, Altum follows the best practice of commercial banks in its provisioning policy. Consequently, the 
extension of each loan repayment term is evaluated taking into account the creditworthiness of the particular customer. 
In order to mitigate the negative effects of the Covid-19 crisis on the arts, entertainment and leisure industry, from 19 May, 
organizers of arts, entertainment and recreation events can apply for a support programme developed by the Ministry of 
Culture in cooperation with the Group to stimulate the organization of new events by providing support in the form of loans 
and grants to entities whose core business is related to arts, entertainment and leisure activities. The total amount of support 
is planned to be EUR 6 million, given as a loan and a grant, where the grant does not exceed 40% of the total aid amount.

--- Page 328 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
 
8 
 
Management Report (cont’d) 
New products and increasing operational efficiency (cont’d) 
In parallel, work continues on the development and implementation of new support programmes for specific customer groups 
as well as the improvement of the conditions of the existing programmes.  
▪ the Cabinet regulations approved concerning the Programme for Multi-apartment Building Renovation Loans under which 
it is planned to establish a Renovation Fund for financing renovation and other related costs for Multi-apartment buildings; 
▪ the Cabinet regulations approved concerning the Energy Efficiency Support Programme for Private Houses, which 
envisages granting portfolio guarantees, technical assistance and grants for the renovation of private houses and 
increasing their energy efficiency. The maximum amount of technical assistance per beneficiary is EUR 1,000, while a grant 
for increasing the energy efficiency class of a residential house is expected in the amount of EUR 5,000 per beneficiary. 
Within the framework of the programme, on 27 May, accepting of applications for projects to increase the energy 
efficiency of private houses was started, but already on 1 July it was suspended due to the great interest in it (the number 
of received applications exceeded the available funding; 
▪ the amount of a loan issued under the Programme for Land Purchase Loans increased to maximum EUR 1 million; 
▪ approval is pending of amendments to the Programme for SME Growth Loans envisaging to provide additional financing 
of EUR 32 million from the European Regional Development Fund (ERDF) and allowing the financing of residential real 
estate; 
▪ the ERDF funded additional allocation of EUR 10 million to the Programmes for Start-up and Micro Loans; also, the possibility 
to extend the maximum loan repayment term by 12 months; 
▪ the Programme for Small Loans for Rural Areas will provide the possibility to receive a loan of up to EUR 35 thousand for the 
purchase of vacant/ built-up land; the maximum turnover of the applicant increased from EUR 70 thousand to 
EUR 100 thousand; 
▪ amendments made to the Programme for Business Guarantees due to the additional financing of EUR 18 million for SMEs, 
of EUR 4.5 million for large businesses and to the Programme for Credit Guarantees for Farmers of EUR 7.7 million; 
▪ the time limit for making pre-seed investment decisions set by the acceleration funds has been extended by one year, until 
30 June 2022; 
▪ the Cabinet regulations have been approved for a new support programme for entrepreneurs for large investment projects 
(at least EUR 10 million) in the form of a combined financial instrument, under which entrepreneurs will have access to a 
loan with a capital discount or when meeting certain criteria after the implementation of viable business projects the loan 
principal amount will be reduced. 
In the first half of 2021, proceeding with the centralised reviewing of the applications for micro loans (up to EUR 25 thousand) 
introduced within the framework of automation and increasing of the Group’s operational efficiency, 38% of the total number 
of the granted loans (excl. Covid-19 crisis related loans) were reviewed remotely without involving the regional employees in 
the application reviewing process. Compared to the performance indicators for the respective period of 2020, in the six 
months of 2021, the total amount of loans granted both under centralised reviewing and in the regions increased by 6% or 
EUR 1.9 million, while the number of loans granted increased by 5%. The average loan amount in the regions increased from 
EUR 75 thousand in the first half of 2020 to EUR 76.6 thousand in the same period of 2021, while the average loan amount 
reviewed remotely on a centralised basis in the first half of 2021 was EUR 13.8 thousand.  
At the same time, acting in a responsible way towards the health of employees and customers and following the 
recommendations of the responsible institutions on actions that would help reduce the risks of virus spread, from 13 March the 
Group continues to provide all services remotely via the customer portal mans.altum.lv, as well as through telephone and 
video consultations, thus ensuring continuous access to the services provided by the Group. 
For the third year in a row, the Group participated in the Sustainability Index organised by the Institute for Corporate 
Sustainability and Responsibility, receiving the high platinum rating this year. The Sustainability Index rating is one of the visible 
manifestations of the invisible daily work that companies carry out in accordance with the principles of corporate sustainability 
and responsibility, balancing the interests of shareholders, employees, customers, the environment, business partners and other 
parties with sustainable operating conditions, thus becoming the leaders of the future. 
Long-term Funding  
In order to diversify the financing structure, in October 2017, the Group issued the first transferable securities in the form of green bonds with a 
total value of EUR 20 million. Currently, the total amount of Altum bonds listed on the Nasdaq Riga stock exchange is EUR 65 million.

--- Page 329 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
 
9 
 
Management Report (cont’d) 
Rating  
On 12 August 2021, the International credit rating agency Moody’s Investors Service (Moody’s) published the updated credit 
analysis of the Company.  
On 25 March 2019, Moody’s reconfirmed the Company’s (the parent company of the Group) Baa1 long-term credit rating. 
The baseline credit assessment (BCA) was upgraded from Ba2 to Baa3 and the P-2 short-term rating was approved. The long-
term credit rating was approved with a stable outlook.  
In June 2017 for the first time Moody’s assigned to the Company a long-term credit rating Baa1 which is one of the highest 
credit ratings assigned to a corporate entity in Latvia.  
The assigned rating and being a regular participant in the capital market as well as bond issuance makes it possible for the 
Group to implement more successfully the Group’s long-term strategy for fund raising. 
Risk Management  
In order to have an adequate risk management, the Group has developed the Risk Management System that provides both 
preventive risk management and timely implementation of risk mitigation or prevention measures. While assuming risks, the 
Group retains the long-term capability of implementing the established operational targets and assignments.  
To manage risks, the Group applies various risk management methods and instruments as well as establishes risk limits and 
restrictions. The choice of the risk management methods is based on the materiality of the particular risk and its impact on the 
Group’s operations. 
In view of the Group’s activities in high-risk areas when implementing the state aid programmes, as at 30 June 2021 the Group 
has the risk coverage of EUR 233 million (31 December 2020: EUR 180 million) to cover the expected credit loss of the State aid 
programmes. For example, total capital injection in Specific Reserve capital for credit risk coverage of Covid-19 products 
reached EUR 86 million recognised in Portfolio loss reserve as at 31 December 2020. The expected loss is assessed before 
implementing the respective aid programme and a portion of the public funding received within this programme is earmarked 
for the risk coverage. The latter consists of the sum total of the risk coverage reserve and portfolio loss reserve (special reserve 
capital) less the risk coverage reserve used for provisions. 
Future Outlook  
The Group continues to strengthen its role as the main government partner for the implementation of financial instrument 
programmes co-financed by the European Union (hereinafter - the EU). Currently, active preparations have been started so 
that the support of financial instruments within the framework of the new EU Cohesion Policy in the Programming Period 2021-
2027 is available in 2022. Thus, the Group is involved in the preparation process for the implementation of the next 
programming period of the European Union funds. In addition, new financial instrument programmes will have access to 
the funding from the European Recovery and Resilience Facility (RRF), which aims to prevent the economic and 
social damage caused by the Covid-19 pandemic, stimulate Europe's recovery and protect and create jobs. The 
total EU public investment in financial instruments planned to be implemented within the framework of the support 
programmes implemented by the Group is at least EUR 650 million that will be directed to especially assisted areas: improving 
energy efficiency in multi-apartment buildings and private houses and transition to renewable energy technologies 
(EUR 57 million from RRF, EUR 163 million from under the Cohesion Policy in the Programming Period 2021-2027), improving 
energy efficiency for businesses (EUR 81 million from RRF, EUR 42 million from the EU in the Programming Period 2021-2027), 
Digital business transformation (EUR 45 million from RRF, EUR 5 million from the EU in the Programming Period 2021-2027), rental 
housing financing (EUR 43 million from RRF), promoting business productivity (EUR 164 million from the EU in the Programming 
Period 2021-2027), research and innovation (EUR 50 million from the EU in the Programming Period 2021-2027). 
 
 
 
 
Reinis Bērziņš 
Chairman of the Management Board 
 
30 August 2021

--- Page 330 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
 
10 
 
Supervisory Board and Management Board  
Supervisory Council 
Name, Surname 
Position 
Appointment Date 
Date of expiry of the term of 
the mandate 
Līga Kļaviņa 
Chairperson of the Council 
28.12.2019. 
27.12.2022. 
Jānis Šnore  
Member of the Council 
28.12.2019. 
27.12.2022. 
Kristaps Soms 
Member of the Council 
28.12.2019. 
28.12.2019. - 22.03.2021. 
Ilze Baltābola 
Member of the Council 
22.03.2021. 
21.03.2022. * 
 
* For the time (up to 1 year) until a new candidate is selected in line with the procedures of nominating supervisory board members, 
according to the Law on Governance of Capital Shares of a Public Person and Capital Companies. 
 
There were changes in the Supervisory Council of the Company during the reporting period. Kristaps Soms left the position of 
a Member of the Supervisory Council on 22 March 2021. Extraordinary shareholders’ meeting approved Ilze Baltābola to the 
position of a Member of the Supervisory Council on 22 March 2021. 
 
Management Board 
Name, Surname 
Position 
Appointment Date 
Date of expiry of the term of 
the mandate 
Reinis Bērziņš 
Chairman of the Board 
27.05.2021. 
26.05.2024. 
Jēkabs Krieviņš 
Member of the Board 
27.05.2021. 
26.05.2024. 
Inese Zīle 
Member of the Board 
27.05.2021. 
26.05.2024. 
Aleksandrs Bimbirulis 
Member of the Board 
26.06.2020. 
25.06.2023. 
Ieva Jansone-Buka 
Member of the Board 
18.03.2021. 
17.03.2024. 
 
There were changes in the Management Board of the Company during the reporting period. The Supervisory Board of the 
Company has appointed Ieva Jansone - Buka as a Member of the Management Board on 18 March 2021.

--- Page 331 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
 
11 
 
Statement of Management’s responsibility  
 
Riga 
30 August 2021  
 
The Management Board (the Management) is responsible for preparing the financial statements. The Management confirms 
that suitable accounting policies were used and applied consistently and reasonable and prudent judgments and estimates 
were made in the preparation of the financial statements on pages 12 to 76 for the period 1 January 2021 to 30 June 2021. 
The Management confirms that the Group’s and the Company’s financial statements were prepared on a going concern 
basis in accordance with International Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting”.  
During the reporting period appropriate accounting policies have been applied on a consistent basis. The Management is 
responsible for keeping proper accounting records, for taking reasonable steps to safeguard the assets of the Group and the 
Company and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities. 
 
 
 
Reinis Bērziņš 
Chairman of the Management Board

--- Page 332 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
 
12 
 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Notes 
Group 
Group 
 Company 
Company 
 
 
01.01.2021.-
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2020.-
30.06.2020. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2021.-
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2020.-
30.06.2020. 
(unaudited) 
Interest income 
4 
 9 318  
 7 293  
 9 318  
 7 293  
Interest expense 
5 
 (1 020) 
 (974) 
 (1 020) 
 (974) 
Net interest income 
  
 8 298  
 6 319  
 8 298  
 6 319  
  
  
  
  
  
 -    
Income for implementation of state aid programmes 
6 
 3 076  
 2 900  
 3 076  
 2 900  
Expenses to be compensated for implementation of state aid 
programmes 
7 
 (2 599) 
 (2 470) 
 (2 599) 
 (2 470) 
Net income for implementation of state aid programmes 
  
 477  
 430  
 477  
 430  
  
  
  
  
  
 -    
Gains from trading securities and foreign exchange translation 
8 
 20  
 2  
 20  
 2  
Share of gain of investment in associate and other investments 
12 
 146  
 2 018  
 18 
 2 018  
Gains less losses from liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 
20 
 (153) 
 (2 018) 
 (25) 
 (2 018) 
Other income 
8 
 1 246  
 1 396  
 1 246  
 1 396  
Other expense 
9 
 (627) 
 (363) 
 (627) 
 (363) 
Operating income before operating expenses 
  
 9 407  
 7 784  
 9 407  
 7 784  
  
  
  
  
  
 -    
Staff costs  
  
 (3 006) 
 (2 785) 
 (3 006) 
 (2 785) 
Administrative expense 
  
 (860) 
 (913) 
 (860) 
 (913) 
Amortisation of intangible assets and depreciation of property, plant 
and equipment 
  
 (484) 
 (416) 
 (484) 
 (416) 
Impairment gain / (loss), net 
10 
 890  
 (2 932) 
 890  
 (2 932) 
Profit before corporate income tax 
  
 5 947  
 738  
 5 947  
 738  
  
  
  
  
  
 -    
Corporate income tax 
  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 
  
  
  
  
 -    
Profit for the period 
  
 5 947  
 738  
 5 947  
 738  
Other comprehensive income: 
  
 (301) 
 (495) 
 (301) 
 (495) 
Items to be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods 
Net loss from financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
  
 (301) 
 (495) 
 (301) 
 (495) 
Total comprehensive income for the period 
  
 5 646  
 243  
 5 646  
 243  
Profit is attributable to: 
  
  
  
  
  
Owners of the Company 
  
 5 947  
 738  
 -    
 -    
Non-controlling interest 
  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Profit for the period 
  
 5 947  
 738  
 -    
 -    
Total comprehensive income is attributable to: 
  
  
  
  
  
Owners of the Company 
  
 5 646  
 243  
 -    
 -    
Non-controlling interest 
  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Total comprehensive income for the period 
  
 5 646  
 243  
 -    
 -    
 
 The accompanying notes on pages 17 through 76 form an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 
 
 
Reinis Bērziņš 
Chairman of the Management Board 
 
Kaspars Gibeiko 
Chief Accountant 
 
30 August 2021

--- Page 333 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
 
13 
 
Statement of Financial Position 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
  
Notes 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
  
 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
Assets 
  
  
  
  
  
Due from credit institutions and the State Treasury 
11 
 385 119  
 359 949  
 385 119  
 359 949  
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss  
 
 7 602  
 5 425  
 -    
 -    
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income - 
investment securities 
  
 14 393  
 36 958  
 14 393  
 36 958  
Financial assets at amortised cost: 
  
  
  
  
  
Investment securities  
  
 35  
 441  
 35  
 441  
Loans and receivables 
14 
 335 333  
 313 268  
 335 333  
 313 268  
Grants 
15 
 41 298  
 31 107  
 41 298  
 31 107  
Deferred expense  
 
 332  
 749  
 332  
 749  
Accrued income 
 
 1 835  
 772  
 1 835  
 772  
Other investments 
13 
 8 318  
 7 503  
 8 318  
 7 503  
Investments in associates 
  
  
  
  
  
Investments accounted for using the equity method 
12 
 38 347  
 32 969  
 38 347  
 32 969  
Investments accounted for using the FVTPL method 
12 
 15 858  
 15 019  
 15 858  
 15 019  
Investments in subsidiaries 
  
 -    
 -    
 7 021  
 4 879  
Investment property 
16 
 38 148  
 36 758  
 38 148  
 36 758  
Property, plant and equipment 
  
 4 411  
 4 717  
 4 411  
 4 717  
Intangible assets  
  
 1 242  
 1 398  
 1 242  
 1 398  
Other assets 
17 
 4 215  
 3 671  
 4 215  
 3 636  
Total assets  
  
 896 486  
 850 704  
 895 905  
 850 123  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Liabilities 
  
  
  
  
  
Due to credit institutions 
18 
 61 509  
 65 855  
 61 509  
 65 855  
Due to general government entities 
19 
 109 918  
 103 520  
 109 918  
 103 520  
Financial liabilities at amortised cost - Issued debt securities 
 
 65 359  
 65 522  
 65 359  
 65 522  
Deferred income  
  
 5 061  
 4 991  
 5 061  
 4 991  
Accrued expense 
 
 1 171  
 857  
 1 251  
 937  
Provisions  
21 
 31 421  
 32 501  
 31 421  
 32 501  
Support programme funding  
20 
 198 000  
 191 963  
 198 000  
 191 963  
Other liabilities 
 
 9 077  
 2 901  
 9 077  
 2 901  
Total liabilities 
  
 481 516  
 468 110  
 481 596  
 468 190  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Equity 
  
  
  
  
  
Share capital 
 
 204 862  
 204 862  
 204 862  
 204 862  
Reserves 
22 
 202 590  
 170 321  
 202 588  
 170 319  
Revaluation reserve of financial assets measured at fair value through 
other comprehensive income  
 
 912  
 1 213  
 912  
 1 213  
Retained earnings 
  
 5 947  
 5 539  
 5 947  
 5 539  
Net assets attributable to the Company’s owners 
  
 414 311  
 381 935  
 414 309  
 381 933  
Non-controlling interest 
  
 659  
 659  
 -    
 -    
Total equity 
  
 414 970  
 382 594  
 414 309  
 381 933  
Total equity and liabilities  
  
 896 486  
 850 704  
 895 905  
 850 123  
 
The accompanying notes on pages 17 through 76 form an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 
 
Reinis Bērziņš 
Chairman of the Management Board 
 
Kaspars Gibeiko 
Chief Accountant 
 
30 August 2021

--- Page 334 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
 
14 
 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
The accompanying notes on pages 17 through 76 form an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 
 
 
Attributable to owners of the Company 
 
 
  
Share capital 
Reserves 
Revaluation 
reserve of financial 
assets measured at 
fair value through 
other 
comprehensive 
income 
Retained 
earnings 
Non-
controlling 
interest 
Total equity 
As at 1 January 2020 (audited) 
 204 862  
 16 565  
 2 638  
 8 131  
 542  
 232 738  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Profit for the period  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 738  
 -    
 738  
Other comprehensive income  
 -    
 -    
 (692) 
 -    
 -    
 (692) 
Total comprehensive income  
 -    
 -    
 (692) 
 738  
 -    
 46  
Increase of reserve capital (Note 22) 
  
 100 000  
  
  
  
 100 000  
Distribution of 2019 profit of the Company (Note 22) 
  
 8 131  
  
 (8 131) 
  
 -    
  Non-controlling interest 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (14) 
 (14) 
As at 30 June 2020 (unaudited) 
 204 862  
 124 695  
 1 946  
 738  
 528  
 332 769  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Profit for the period  
  
  
  
 4 801  
  
 4 801  
Other comprehensive income  
  
  
 (733) 
  
  
 (733) 
Total comprehensive income  
 -    
 -    
 (733) 
 4 801  
 -    
 4 068  
Increase of reserve capital (Note 22) 
  
 45 626  
  
  
  
 45 626  
Non-controlling interest 
  
  
  
  
 131  
 131  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
As at 31 December 2020 (audited) 
 204 862  
 170 321  
 1 213  
 5 539  
 659  
 382 594  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Profit for the period  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 5 947  
 -    
 5 947  
Other comprehensive income  
 -    
 -    
 (301) 
 -    
 -    
 (301) 
Total comprehensive income  
 -    
 -    
 (301) 
 5 947  
 -    
 5 646  
Increase of reserve capital (Note 22) 
 -    
 26 730  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 26 730  
Distribution of 2020 profit of the Company (Note 22) 
  
 5 539  
  
 (5 539) 
  
 -    
Non-controlling interest 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
As at 30 June 2021 (unaudited) 
 204 862  
 202 590  
 912  
 5 947  
 659  
 414 970

--- Page 335 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
 
15 
 
Company’s Statement of Changes in Equity 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
The accompanying notes on pages 17 through 76 form an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
Share capital 
Reserves 
Revaluation reserve of 
financial assets measured 
at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
Retained 
earnings 
Total equity 
As at 1 January 2020 (audited) 
 204 862  
 16 563  
 2 638  
 8 131  
 232 194  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Profit for the period  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 738  
 738  
Other comprehensive income  
 -    
 -    
 (692) 
 -    
 (692) 
Total comprehensive income  
 -    
 -    
 (692) 
 738  
 46  
Increase of reserve capital (Note 22) 
 -    
 100 000  
 -    
 -    
 100 000  
Distribution of 2019 profit (Note 22)  
 -    
 8 131  
 -    
 (8 131) 
 -    
As at 30 June 2020 (unaudited) 
 204 862  
 124 693  
 1 946  
 738  
 232 239  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Profit for the period  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 4 801  
 4 801  
Other comprehensive income  
 -    
 -    
 (733) 
 -    
 (733) 
Total comprehensive income  
 -    
 -    
 (733) 
 4 801  
 4 068  
Increase of reserve capital (Note 22) 
 -    
 45 626  
 -    
 -    
 45 626  
  
 
 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2020 (audited) 
 204 862  
 170 319  
 1 213  
 5 539  
 381 933  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Profit for the period  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 5 947  
 5 947  
Other comprehensive income  
 -    
 -    
 (301) 
 -    
 (301) 
Total comprehensive income  
 -    
 -    
 (301) 
 5 947  
 5 646  
Increase of reserve capital (Note 22) 
 -    
 26 730  
 -    
 -    
 26 730  
Distribution of 2020 profit (Note 22) 
  
 5 539  
  
 (5 539) 
 -    
As at 30 June 2021 (unaudited) 
 204 862  
 202 588  
 912  
 5 947  
 414 309

--- Page 336 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
 
16 
 
Statement of Cash Flows 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Notes 
Group 
Group 
 Company 
Company 
 
 
01.01.2021.-
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2020.-
30.06.2020. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2021.-
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2020.-
30.06.2020. 
(unaudited) 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of period 
  
 359 949  
 176 199  
 359 949  
 176 047  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Cash flows from operating activities 
  
  
  
  
  
Profit before taxes 
  
 5 947  
 738  
 5 947  
 738  
Amortisation of intangible assets and depreciation of property, plant 
and equipment 
  
 484  
 475  
 484  
 475  
Interest income 
4 
 (9 318) 
 (7 293) 
 (9 318) 
 (7 293) 
Interest received 
  
 6 584  
 4 396  
 6 584  
 4 396  
Interest expenses 
5 
 1 020  
 974  
 1 020  
 974  
Interests paid 
  
 (603) 
 (622) 
 (603) 
 (622) 
(Decrease) / increase in impairment allowances 
10 
 (740) 
 2 932  
 (740) 
 2 932  
(Decrease) of cash and cash equivalents from operating activities 
before changes in assets and liabilities 
  
 3 374  
 1 600  
 3 374  
 1 600  
Due from credit institutions decrease 
  
 -    
 2 004  
 -    
 2 006  
(Increase) of loans 
14 
 (18 702) 
 (42 046) 
 (18 702) 
 (42 046) 
(Increase) of grants 
15 
 (10 206) 
 (5 523) 
 (10 206) 
 (5 523) 
Increase of due to credit institutions and general government entities 
18,19 
 2 051  
 352  
 2 051  
 352  
Increase in deferred income and accrued expense  
  
 384  
 645  
 384  
 645  
(Decrease) / increase in deferred expense and accrued income 
  
 (646) 
 318  
 (646) 
 318  
(Increase) / Decrease of other assets  
17 
 (579) 
 1 643  
 (579) 
 1 643  
Increase in other liabilities 
  
 33 205  
 17 618  
 33 299  
 17 629  
Net cash flows to/ from operating activities 
  
 8 881  
 (23 389) 
 8 975  
 (23 376) 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Cash flows from investment activities 
  
  
  
  
  
Sale of investment securities 
 
 23 209  
 11 827  
 23 209  
 11 827  
Acquisition of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets  
  
 (28) 
 (484) 
 (28) 
 (484) 
Purchase of investment properties 
16 
 (1 542) 
 (9 154) 
 (1 542) 
 (9 154) 
Sale of investment properties 
16 
 152  
 30  
 152  
 30  
Other investments 
13 
 (815) 
 556  
 (815) 
 556  
Investments in associates, net  
12 
 (6 089) 
 1 733  
 (6 089) 
 1 733  
Investments of subsidiaries in underlying undertakings 
 
 (2 177) 
 (643) 
 -    
  
Investments in subsidiaries 
 
 -    
 -    
 (2 271) 
 (504) 
Net cash flows to/ from investing activities 
  
 12 710  
 3 865  
 12 616  
 4 004  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Cash flows from financing activities 
  
  
  
  
  
Issued debt securities 
 
 (585) 
 19 675  
 (585) 
 19 675  
Increase of reserve capital 
22 
 4 165  
 100 000  
 4 165  
 100 000  
Net cash flow from financing activities 
  
 3 580  
 119 675  
 3 580  
 119 675  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Increase in cash and cash equivalents 
  
 25 171  
 100 151  
 25 171  
 47 660  
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of period 
  
 385 120  
 276 350  
 385 120  
 276 350  
 
The accompanying notes on pages 17 through 76 form an integral part of these financial statements.

--- Page 337 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
17 
 
Approval of the Financial Statements 
The Management of the Group / Company has approved these unaudited interim condensed financial statements on 
30 August 2021. 
1 General Information  
(1) Corporate Information  
These financial statements contain the financial information about joint-stock company Development Finance Institution 
Altum (Company) and its subsidiaries (hereinafter together — the Group). The separate financial statements of the Company 
are included alongside these consolidated financial statements to comply with legal requirements. 
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum is a Latvia state-owned company that ensures access of the enterprises and 
households to the financial resources by means of support financial instruments - loans, guarantees, investments in venture 
capital funds - in the areas defined as important and to be supported by the state, thus developing the national economy 
and enhancing mobilization of the private capital and financial resources. On 25 March 2019 Moody’s Investors Service 
(Moody’s) reconfirmed Altum’s Baa1 long-term issuer rating, with outlook stable. The assigned Moody’s rating of Altum is one 
of the highest credit ratings assigned to corporate entities in Latvia. 
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum was established on 27 December 2013 by a decision of the Cabinet of Ministers. 
The mission of the Company’s establishment is by merging three prior independently operating companies providing state 
support into a single institution and further allocate the state funds for implementation of financial instrument state support 
and development programmes in one place. The Company’s operations are governed by its specific law – Development 
Finance Institution Law. The Company’s Article of Association has been approved by the Cabinet of Ministers. All voting shares 
of the Company are owned by the Republic of Latvia. The holders of the shares are ministries of the Republic of Latvia as 
stipulated by the Development Finance Institution Law with following split of the shares – the Ministry of Finance 40%, the 
Ministry of Economics 30% and the Ministry of Agriculture 30% respectively. 
The Group / Company does not perform any regulated activities related to the financial and capital markets as financial 
institution, therefore the Group / Company is not required to comply with capital adequacy requirements. However, the 
Group / Company operates in accordance with the best financial and capital market practices regarding internal control, 
risk management and compliance. 
The Group holds investment in alternative investment fund “Altum Capital Fund” (the Fund) registered on 31 July 2020. The 
Fund is created with the aim to support well-managed, perspective Mid-cap companies to overcome the effect of Covid-19 
that as a result of the virus impact are ready to adjust their operations by changing their business model, adjusting product 
development, introducing new technology and expanding to new export markets. The Fund’s committed capital was fully 
subscribed on September 16, 2020, reaching EUR 100 million, of which the majority (EUR 51.1 million or 51.1%) were largest 
private pension funds and EUR 48.9 million consists of public funding invested by the Company. The Company is also the 
manager of the Fund registered with the Financial and Capital Market Commission on 26 May 2020.

--- Page 338 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
18 
 
1 General Information (cont’d) 
The below listed venture capital funds - subsidiaries and associates - are treated as subsidiaries or associates during the 
reporting period only for purposes of financial accounting. 
Legal Tittle 
Legal Address  
Investment % in share capital  
Venture capital funds classified as Subsidiaries 
  
  
KS Overkill Ventures Fund I 
 Dzirnavu iela 105, Rīgas, Latvija, LV-1011  
100  
KS Buildit Latvia Pre-Seed Fund  
 Sporta iela 2, Rīga, Latvija, LV-1013  
100  
KS Commercialization Reactor Pre-seed Fund 
 Brīvības gatve 300 -9, Rīga, Latvija  
100  
KS INEC 1 
 Krišjāņa Barona iela 32-7, Rīga, Latvijas, LV-1011  
75  
KS INEC 2 
 Krišjāņa Barona iela 32-7, Rīga, Latvijas, LV-1011  
90  
Venture capital funds classified as Associates 
  
  
KS Overkill Ventures Fund II  
 Dzirnavu iela 105, Rīgas, Latvija, LV-1011  
80  
KS Buildit Latvia Seed Fund  
 Sporta iela 2, Rīga, Latvija, LV-1013  
80  
KS Commercialization Reactor Seed Fund 
 Brīvības gatve 300 -9, Rīga, Latvija  
80  
KS ZGI-4  
 Daugavgrīvas iela 21, Rīga, Latvija, LV-1048  
60  
FlyCap Mezzanine Fund II 
 Matrožu iela 15A, Rīga, LV-1048  
60  
KS Baltcap Latvia Venture Capital Fund 
 Jaunmoku iela 34, Rīga, Latvija, LV-1046  
67  
KS Imprimatur Capital Technology Venture Fund 
 Elizabetes iela 85a-18, Rīga, Latvija, LV-1050  
67  
KS Imprimatur Capital Seed Fund 
 Elizabetes iela 85a-18, Rīga, Latvija, LV-1050  
100  
KS ZGI-3 
 Daugavgrīvas iela 21, Rīga, Latvija, LV-1048  
95  
KS FlyCap investment Fund  
 Matrožu iela 15A, Rīga, Latvija, LV-1048  
95  
KS Expansion Capital fund 
 Krišjāņa Barona iela 32-7, Rīga, Latvija, LV-1011  
95  
Baltic Innovation Fund 
 Eiropean Investment Fund, 37B, avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-2968 Luxembourg  
20  
KS AIF "Altum kapitāla fonds" 
 Doma laukums 4, Rīga, LV-1050  
48.9

--- Page 339 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
19 
 
2 Accounting Policies 
(1) Basis of presentation  
These unaudited interim condensed financial statements for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2021 were prepared in 
accordance with International Accounting Standard (IAS) 34 “Interim Financial Reporting”, as adopted in the European Union. 
These financial statements are to be used together with the complete financial statements for the year 2020 prepared in 
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), as adopted in the European Union. 
All amounts in the interim condensed financial statements are presented in the national currency of Latvia – the euro (EUR). 
(2) Application of new and/or amended IFRS and the interpretations issued by the International Financial Reporting 
Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) 
Several new standards and interpretations have been published, adopted by the EU and become effective for the financial 
reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2021: 
▪ Amendments to IFRS 4 Insurance Contracts “Extension of the Temporary Exemption from Applying IFRS 9” adopted by the 
EU on 16 December 2020 (the expiry date for the temporary exemption from IFRS 9 was extended from 1 January 2021 to 
annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023), 
▪ Amendments to IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments”, IAS 39 “Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement”, IFRS 7 
“Financial Instruments: Disclosures”, IFRS 4 “Insurance Contracts” and IFRS 16 “Leases” - Interest Rate Benchmark Reform — 
Phase 2 adopted by the EU on 13 January 2021 (effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2021). 
▪ IFRS 14 “Regulatory Deferral Accounts” (effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2016) - the European 
Commission has decided not to launch the endorsement process of this interim standard and to wait for the final standard, 
▪ Amendments to IAS 1 “Presentation of Financial Statements” - Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-Current (effective 
for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023), 
▪ Amendments to IAS 1 “Presentation of Financial Statements” - Disclosure of Accounting Policies (effective for annual periods 
beginning on or after 1 January 2023), 
▪ Amendments to IAS 8 “Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors” - Definition of Accounting 
Estimates (effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023), 
▪ Amendments to IAS 16 “Property, Plant and Equipment” - Proceeds before Intended Use (effective for annual periods 
beginning on or after 1 January 2022),  
▪ Amendments to IAS 37 “Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets” - Onerous Contracts — Cost of Fulfilling a 
Contract (effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022), 
▪ Amendments to IFRS 3 “Business Combinations” - Reference to the Conceptual Framework with amendments to IFRS 3 
(effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022), 
▪ Amendments to IFRS 10 “Consolidated Financial Statements” and IAS 28 “Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures” - 
Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture and further amendments (effective 
date deferred indefinitely until the research project on the equity method has been concluded), 
▪ Amendments to various standards due to “Improvements to IFRSs (cycle 2018 -2020)” resulting from the annual 
improvement project of IFRS (IFRS 1, IFRS 9, IFRS 16 and IAS 41) primarily with a view to removing inconsistencies and clarifying 
wording (The amendments to IFRS 1, IFRS 9 and IAS 41 are effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022. 
The amendment to IFRS 16 only regards an illustrative example, so no effective date is stated.). 
The Group / Company makes further assessment on the impact of these new standards and amendments, but the Group / 
Company anticipates that the adoption of these new standards and amendments to the existing standards will have no 
material impact on the financial statements of the Group / Company in the period of initial application.

--- Page 340 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
20 
 
3 Risk Management 
The major risks that the Group / Company is exposed to are credit, liquidity and operational risks. These unaudited interim 
condensed financial statements do not include all information on risk management and disclosures required in the annual 
financial statements. They are to be viewed together with the complete financial statements for the year 2020. 
(1) Credit Risk 
Breakdown of the Group’s financial assets, off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities by their qualitative assessment, 
in thousands of euro: 
 
 
Stage 1 
 
Stage 2 
 
Stage 3 
 
Total 
 
 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
Financial assets at AC 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due from credit institutions and the 
Treasury 
 385 119  
 359 949  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 385 119  
 359 949  
Impairment allowances 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Total net due from credit institutions and 
the Treasury 
 385 119  
 359 949  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 385 119  
 359 949  
Investment securities 
 -    
 441  
 -    
 -    
 3 533  
 3 545  
 3 533  
 3 986  
Impairment allowances 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (3 498) 
 (3 510) 
 (3 498) 
 (3 510) 
Total net investment securities 
 -    
 441  
 -    
 -    
 35  
 35  
 35  
 476  
Loans and receivables 
 293 029  
 274 294  
 37 994  
 32 012  
 26 515  
 27 675  
 357 538  
 333 981  
Impairment allowances * 
 (6 906) 
 (6 966) 
 (5 084) 
 (3 506) 
 (10 215) 
 (10 240) 
 (22 205) 
 (20 712) 
Total net loans and receivables 
 286 123  
 267 328  
 32 910  
 28 506  
 16 300  
 17 435  
 335 333  
 313 269  
Grants 
 41 480  
 31 282  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 41 480  
 31 282  
Impairment allowances 
 (182) 
 (175) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (182) 
 (175) 
Total net grants 
 41 298  
 31 107  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 41 298  
 31 107  
Other financial assets 
 3 420  
 2 507  
 -    
 -    
 3 066  
 3 096  
 6 486  
 5 603  
Impairment allowances 
 (37) 
 (34) 
 -    
 -    
 (2 256) 
 (1 926) 
 (2 293) 
 (1 960) 
Total net other financial assets 
 3 383  
 2 473  
 -    
 -    
 810  
 1 170  
 4 193  
 3 643  
Total financial assets at AC 
 723 048  
 668 473  
 37 994  
 32 012  
 33 114  
 34 316  
 794 156  
 734 801  
Impairment allowances 
 (7 125) 
 (7 175) 
 (5 084) 
 (3 506) 
 (15 969) 
 (15 676) 
 (28 179) 
 (26 357) 
Total net financial assets at AC 
 715 923  
 661 298  
 32 910  
 28 506  
 17 145  
 18 640  
 765 978  
 708 444  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Financial assets at FVOCI 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Investment securities 
 14 393  
 36 958  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 14 393  
 36 958  
Impairment allowances 
 (6) 
 (6) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (6) 
 (6) 
Total net investment securities 
 14 387  
 36 952  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 14 387  
 36 952  
Total financial assets at FVOCI 
 14 393  
 36 958  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 14 393  
 36 958  
Impairment allowances 
 (6) 
 (6) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (6) 
 (6) 
Total net financial assets at FVOCI 
 14 387  
 36 952  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 14 387  
 36 952

--- Page 341 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
21 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(1) Credit Risk (cont’d) 
Breakdown of the Group’s financial assets, off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities by their qualitative assessment, 
in thousands of euro: (cont’d) 
 
 
Stage 1 
 
Stage 2 
 
Stage 3 
 
Total 
 
 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
Off-balance sheet items and 
contingent liabilities 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Outstanding guarantees 
 358 226  
 348 115  
 17 641  
 6 995  
 3 735  
 4 495  
 379 602  
 359 605  
Impairment allowances * 
 (26 433) 
 (27 769) 
 (1 906) 
 (817) 
 (2 348) 
 (2 827) 
 (30 687) 
 (31 413) 
Total net outstanding guarantees 
 331 793  
 320 346  
 15 735  
 6 178  
 1 387  
 1 668  
 348 915  
 328 192  
Loan commitments 
 43 367  
 36 514  
 543  
 2 834  
 252  
 -    
 44 162  
 39 348  
Impairment allowances * 
 (581) 
 (949) 
 (34) 
 (65) 
 (32) 
 -    
 (647) 
 (1 014) 
Total net loan commitments 
 42 786  
 35 565  
 509  
 2 769  
 220  
 -    
 43 515  
 38 334  
Grant commitments 
 22 504  
 6 798  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 22 504  
 6 798  
Impairment allowances 
 (87) 
 (74) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (87) 
 (74) 
Total net grant commitments 
 22 417  
 6 724  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 22 417  
 6 724  
Total off-balance items and contingent 
liabilities 
 424 097  
 391 427  
 18 184  
 9 829  
 3 987  
 4 495  
 446 268  
 405 751  
Impairment allowances 
 (27 101) 
 (28 792) 
 (1 940) 
 (882) 
 (2 380) 
 (2 827) 
 (31 421) 
 (32 501) 
Total net off-balance items and 
contingent liabilities 
 396 996  
 362 635  
 16 244  
 8 947  
 1 607  
 1 668  
 414 847  
 373 250  
 
* Includes net impairment allowances of EUR 879 thousand covered by Portfolio Loss Reserve (Special Reserve Capital) upon approval 
of the 2021 annual report. In the distribution of the 2021 profit, it will be directly attributed to the Portfolio Loss Reserve, thus the 2021 
result which will be allocated to Reserves will improve. Additional information available in Note 22.

--- Page 342 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
22 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(1) Credit Risk (cont’d) 
Breakdown of the Company’s financial assets, off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities by their qualitative 
assessment, in thousands of euro: 
 
 
Stage 1 
 
Stage 2 
 
Stage 3 
 
Total 
 
 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
Financial assets at AC 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due from credit institutions and the 
Treasury 
 385 119  
 359 949  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 385 119  
 359 949  
Impairment allowances 
 -    
  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Total net due from credit institutions and 
the Treasury 
 385 119  
 359 949  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 385 119  
 359 949  
Investment securities 
 -    
 441  
 -    
 -    
 3 533  
 3 545  
 3 533  
 3 986  
Impairment allowances 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (3 498) 
 (3 510) 
 (3 498) 
 (3 510) 
Total net investment securities 
 -    
 441  
 -    
 -    
 35  
 35  
 35  
 476  
Loans and receivables 
 293 029  
 274 294  
 37 994  
 32 012  
 26 515  
 27 675  
 357 538  
 333 981  
Impairment allowances * 
 (6 906) 
 (6 966) 
 (5 084) 
 (3 506) 
 (10 215) 
 (10 240) 
 (22 205) 
 (20 712) 
Total net loans and receivables 
 286 123  
 267 328  
 32 910  
 28 506  
 16 300  
 17 435  
 335 333  
 313 269  
Grants 
 41 480  
 31 282  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 41 480  
 31 282  
Impairment allowances 
 (182) 
 (175) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (182) 
 (175) 
Total net grants 
 41 298  
 31 107  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 41 298  
 31 107  
Other financial assets 
 3 414  
 2 363  
 -    
 -    
 3 066  
 3 205  
 6 480  
 5 568  
Impairment allowances 
 (37) 
 (34) 
 -    
 -    
 (2 256) 
 (1 926) 
 (2 293) 
 (1 960) 
Total net other financial assets 
 3 377  
 2 329  
 -    
 -    
 810  
 1 279  
 4 187  
 3 608  
Total financial assets at AC 
 723 042  
 668 329  
 37 994  
 32 012  
 33 114  
 34 425  
 794 150  
 734 766  
Impairment allowances 
 (7 125) 
 (7 175) 
 (5 084) 
 (3 506) 
 (15 969) 
 (15 676) 
 (28 179) 
 (26 357) 
Total net financial assets at AC 
 715 917  
 661 154  
 32 910  
 28 506  
 17 145  
 18 749  
 765 972  
 708 409  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Financial assets at FVOCI 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Investment securities 
 14 393  
 36 958  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 14 393  
 36 958  
Impairment allowances 
 (6) 
 (6) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (6) 
 (6) 
Total net investment securities 
 14 387  
 36 952  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 14 387  
 36 952  
Total financial assets at FVOCI 
 14 393  
 36 958  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 14 393  
 36 958  
Impairment allowances 
 (6) 
 (6) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (6) 
 (6) 
Total net financial assets at FVOCI 
 14 387  
 36 952  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 14 387  
 36 952  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Off-balance sheet items and 
contingent liabilities 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Outstanding guarantees 
 358 226  
 348 115  
 17 641  
 6 995  
 3 735  
 4 495  
 379 602  
 359 605  
Impairment allowances * 
 (26 433) 
 (27 769) 
 (1 906) 
 (817) 
 (2 348) 
 (2 827) 
 (30 687) 
 (31 413) 
Total net outstanding guarantees 
 331 793  
 320 346  
 15 735  
 6 178  
 1 387  
 1 668  
 348 915  
 328 192  
Loan commitments 
 43 367  
 36 514  
 543  
 2 834  
 252  
 -    
 44 162  
 39 348  
Impairment allowances * 
 (581) 
 (949) 
 (34) 
 (65) 
 (32) 
 -    
 (647) 
 (1 014) 
Total net loan commitments 
 42 786  
 35 565  
 509  
 2 769  
 220  
 -    
 43 515  
 38 334  
Grant commitments 
 22 504  
 6 798  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 22 504  
 6 798  
Impairment allowances 
 (87) 
 (74) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (87) 
 (74) 
Total net grant commitments 
 22 417  
 6 724  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 22 417  
 6 724  
Total off-balance items and contingent 
liabilities 
 424 097  
 391 427  
 18 184  
 9 829  
 3 987  
 4 495  
 446 268  
 405 751  
Impairment allowances 
 (27 101) 
 (28 792) 
 (1 940) 
 (882) 
 (2 380) 
 (2 827) 
 (31 421) 
 (32 501) 
Total net off-balance items and 
contingent liabilities 
 396 996  
 362 635  
 16 244  
 8 947  
 1 607  
 1 668  
 414 847  
 373 250  
 
* Includes net impairment allowances of EUR 879 thousand covered by Portfolio Loss Reserve (Special Reserve Capital) upon approval 
of the 2021 annual report. In the distribution of the 2021 profit, it will be directly attributed to the Portfolio Loss Reserve, thus the 2021 
result which will be allocated to Reserves will improve. Additional information available in Note 22.

--- Page 343 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
23 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(1) Credit Risk (cont’d) 
Changes in the Group’s / Company’s credit loss allowance and gross carrying amount for loans, in thousands of euro: 
 
 
Credit loss allowance 
Gross carrying amount 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
As at 31 December 2020 (audited) 
 6 966  
 3 506  
 10 240  
 20 712  
 274 294  
 32 012  
 27 675  
 333 981  
Movements with impact on credit loss 
allowance charge for the period: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Transfers between stages: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
from Stage 1 to Stage 2 
 (703) 
 1 837  
 -    
 1 134  
 (11 263) 
 11 173  
 -    
 (90) 
to credit impaired (from Stage 1 and Stage 2 
to Stage 3) 
 (68) 
 (11) 
 884  
 805  
 (2 182) 
 (377) 
 2 428  
 (131) 
from Stage 3 to Stage 2 
 -    
 182  
 (223) 
 (41) 
 -    
 729  
 (823) 
 (94) 
to 12-months ECL (from Stage 2 and Stage 3 
to Stage 1) 
 132  
 (189) 
 -    
 (57) 
 3 606  
 (3 838) 
 -    
 (232) 
New originated or purchased 
 876  
 18  
 156  
 1 050  
 31 604  
 328  
 1 237  
 33 169  
Derecognised during the period 
 (305) 
 (36) 
 (675) 
 (1 016) 
 (9 897) 
 (725) 
 (2 820) 
 (13 442) 
Changes to ECL measurement model 
assumptions (PD, LGD) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Changes to ECL measurement model 
assumptions (macroeconomic factors) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Other movements 
 454 * 
 -    
 -    
 454  
 3  
 -    
 -    
 3  
Total movements with impact on credit loss 
allowance charge for the period: 
 386  
 1 801  
 142  
 2 329  
 11 871  
 7 290  
 22  
 19 183  
Movements without impact on credit loss 
allowance charge for the period: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Write-offs 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Foreign exchange gains and losses and 
other movements 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Change of outstanding balance ** 
 (446) 
 (223) 
 (167) 
 (836) 
 6 864  
 (1 308) 
 (1 182) 
 4 374  
Total movements without impact on credit 
loss allowance charge for the period: 
 (446) 
 (223) 
 (167) 
 (836) 
 6 864  
 (1 308) 
 (1 182) 
 4 374  
As at 30 June 2021 (unaudited) 
 6 906  
 5 084  
 10 215  
 22 205  
 293 029  
 37 994  
 26 515  
 357 538  
 
* The impairment overlay represents an additional loss reserve for SME and Midcaps portfolio 
** Change of outstanding balance includes cash flows from repayment of principal

--- Page 344 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
24 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(1) Credit Risk (cont’d) 
Changes in the Group’s / Company’s credit loss allowance and gross carrying amount for outstanding guarantees, in 
thousands of euro: 
 
 
Credit loss allowance 
Gross carrying amount 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
As at 31 December 2020 (audited) 
 27 769  
 817  
 2 827  
 31 413  
 348 115  
 6 995  
 4 495  
 359 605  
Movements with impact on credit loss 
allowance charge for the period: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Transfers between stages: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
from Stage 1 to Stage 2 
 (1 406) 
 1 349  
 -    
 (57) 
 (12 601) 
 12 231  
 -    
 (370) 
to credit impaired (from Stage 1 and Stage 2 
to Stage 3) 
 (51) 
 (9) 
 501  
 441  
 (777) 
 (28) 
 787  
 (18) 
from Stage 3 to Stage 2 
 104  
 (122) 
 -    
 (18) 
 1 284  
 (1 214) 
 -    
 70  
to 12-months ECL (from Stage 2 and Stage 3 
to Stage 1) 
 -    
 1  
 (7) 
 (6) 
 -    
 7  
 (7) 
 -    
New originated or purchased 
 3 745  
 -    
 -    
 3 745  
 50 892  
 -    
 -    
 50 892  
Derecognised during the period 
 (1 751) 
 (12) 
 (668) 
 (2 431) 
 (25 264) 
 (133) 
 (1 065) 
 (26 462) 
Changes to ECL measurement model 
assumptions (PD, LGD) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Changes to ECL measurement model 
assumptions (macroeconomic factors) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Other movements 
 -    
 -    
 (275) 
 (275) 
 -    
 -    
 (437) 
 (437) 
Total movements with impact on credit loss 
allowance charge for the period: 
 641  
 1 207  
 (449) 
 1 399  
 13 534  
 10 863  
 (722) 
 23 675  
Movements without impact on credit loss 
allowance charge for the period: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Write-offs 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Change of outstanding balance * 
 (1 977) 
 (118) 
 (30) 
 (2 125) 
 (3 423) 
 (217) 
 (38) 
 (3 678) 
Total movements without impact on credit 
loss allowance charge for the period: 
 (1 977) 
 (118) 
 (30) 
 (2 125) 
 (3 423) 
 (217) 
 (38) 
 (3 678) 
As at 30 June 2021 (unaudited) 
 26 433  
 1 906  
 2 348  
 30 687  
 358 226  
 17 641  
 3 735  
 379 602  
 
* Change of outstanding balance includes cash flows from repayment of principal of underlying loan 
 
Aging analysis of the loans issued by the Group / Company, in thousands of euro: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
Performing  
 338 320  
 313 856  
 338 320  
 313 856  
Past due up to 30 days  
 9 153  
 9 339  
 9 153  
 9 339  
Past due from 31 to 60 days  
 1 033  
 445  
 1 033  
 445  
Past due from 61 to 90 days  
 488  
 217  
 488  
 217  
Past due over 90 days 
 8 544  
 10 124  
 8 544  
 10 124  
Total gross loans, without interest accrued on the loans  
 357 538  
 333 981  
 357 538  
 333 981  
Impairment allowances 
 (22 205) 
 (20 713) 
 (22 205) 
 (20 713) 
Total net loans 
 335 333  
 313 268  
 335 333  
 313 268  
 
In calculating the ECL due to default on loan principal or interest payments or other loss events the following is taken into 
account collateral, including real estate and commercial pledges measured at market value. The value of collateral is based 
on the valuations performed by independent valuers.

--- Page 345 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
25 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(1) Credit Risk (cont’d) 
Information on the value of collateral assessed at fair value and position against net loan portfolio, in thousands of euro : 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
Real estate (loans) 
 183 030  
 178 614  
 183 030  
 178 614  
Real estate (leaseback) 
 32 842  
 30 536  
 32 842  
 30 536  
Movable property 
 55 164  
 52 619  
 55 164  
 52 619  
Guarantees  
 5 316  
 3 048  
 5 316  
 3 048  
Total collateral 
 276 352  
 264 817  
 276 352  
 264 817  
Loan portfolio, gross * 
 357 538  
 333 981  
 357 538  
 333 981  
Impairment allowances 
 (22 205) 
 (20 713) 
 (22 205) 
 (20 713) 
Loan portfolio, net 
 335 333  
 313 268  
 335 333  
 313 268  
Exposed 
17.59% 
15.47% 
17.59% 
15.47% 
 
* includes loans in amount of EUR 67,997 thousand to mitigate the impact of Covid-19 for which no real estate or movable 
property is required as collateral while credit risk is covered by risk coverage (Portfolio Loss Reserve). 
 
The Group’s / Company’s maximum credit risk exposures of the balance and off-balance sheet items (not including collateral 
held or other security), in thousands of euro: 
 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
Assets exposed to credit risk 
  
  
  
  
Due from credit institutions and the Treasury 
 385 119  
 359 949  
 385 119  
 359 949  
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income - investment 
securities 
 14 393  
 36 958  
 14 393  
 36 958  
Financial assets at amortised cost: 
  
  
  
  
Investment securities 
 35  
 441  
 35  
 441  
Loans and receivables 
 335 333  
 313 268  
 335 333  
 313 268  
Grants 
 41 298  
 31 107  
 41 298  
 31 107  
Other investments 
 8 318  
 7 503  
 8 318  
 7 503  
Investments in associates 
 54 205  
 47 988  
 54 205  
 47 988  
Other assets 
 4 215  
 3 671  
 4 215  
 3 636  
Total 
 842 916  
 800 885  
 842 916  
 800 850  
Off-balance sheet items exposed to credit risk 
  
  
  
  
Contingent liabilities (Note 21) 
 379 602  
 359 605  
 379 602  
 359 605  
Financial commitments (Note 21)  
 189 172  
 178 073  
 196 883  
 188 488  
Total 
 568 774  
 537 678  
 576 485  
 548 093  
 
As at 30 June 2021, part of the Group’s / Company’s assets in amount of EUR 142,789 thousand (31 December 2020: EUR 
124,087 thousand) were pledged. Detailed information on the Group’s / Company’s outstanding loan agreement as at 30 
June 2021 is provided in Note 18 and Note 19. 
Article 37 of the Law on State Budget 2021 provides that guarantees issued by Altum in amount of EUR 270 000 thousand is 
backed by the state according to Agriculture and Rural Development Law and Development Finance Institution Law. Actual 
amount of issued guarantees as at 30 June 2021 was EUR 250,062 thousand (31 December 2020: EUR 251,701 thousand).

--- Page 346 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
26 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(2) Liquidity Risk 
Maturity profile of the Group’s expected undiscounted future cash flows of financial liabilities, off-balance liabilities and liquid 
assets as at 30 June 2021, in thousands of euro: 
 
Up to 1 
year * 
1 to 5 years 
5 to 10 years 
10 to 15 
years 
Over 15 
years and 
w/o maturity 
Total 
Due to credit institutions 
 16 227  
 45 309  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 61 536  
Due to general governments 
 4 549  
 26 322  
 26 370  
 18 613  
 34 612  
 110 466  
Issued debt securities 
 1 212  
 67 527  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 68 739  
Support programme funding ** 
 1 075  
 62 778  
 71 975  
 34 615  
 27 557  
 198 000  
Other liabilities 
 8 119  
 933  
 25  
 -    
 -    
 9 077  
Total financial liabilities  
 31 182  
 202 869  
 98 370  
 53 228  
 62 169  
 447 818  
Off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities 
 365 402  
 192 561  
 10 811  
 -    
 -    
 568 774  
Total financial liabilities, off-balance items and contingent 
liabilities *** 
 396 584  
 395 430  
 109 181  
 53 228  
 62 169  
 1 016 592  
Due from credit institutions and the Treasury 
 385 119  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 385 119  
Investment securities 
 1 228  
 13 200  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 14 428  
Liquid assets 
 386 347  
 13 200  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 399 547  
 
* According to IAS 7 “Financial Instruments: Disclosures” requirements the major part of the guarantee portfolio issued by the Group 
has been classified within maturity “Up to 1 year”. The exception is the housing guarantees for families with children and housing 
guarantees for young specialists – these guarantees with remaining contractual maturity exceeding 3 years, counting from the 
reporting date, are classified within maturity “1 to 5 years”, because the compensation mechanism for housing guarantee for families 
with children and housing guarantee for young specialists stipulates that compensation for the declared guarantee cases is paid 
within 3 years from the date the guarantee case is declared. In turn, the housing guarantees for families with children and housing 
guarantees for young specialists with remaining contractual maturity shorter than 1 year, counting from the reporting date, are 
presented in accordance with the remaining contractual maturity. 
 
Maturity profile of the Group’s expected undiscounted future cash flows of financial liabilities, off-balance liabilities and liquid assets 
“Up to 1 year” as at 30 June 2021 and supporting analysis is presented in table below. 
 
** After expiring of the support programme its funding remains on the Group’s / Company’s balance sheet since any repayment from 
the existing support programme accumulates and are used to finance new support programmes. 
 
*** Since part of off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities is backed by funding recognized as financial liabilities, EUR 78,811 
thousand are included in both the Group’s financial liabilities and the Group’s off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities.

--- Page 347 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
27 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(2) Liquidity Risk (cont’d) 
Maturity profile of the Group’s expected undiscounted future cash flows of financial liabilities, off-balance liabilities and liquid 
assets “Up to 1 year” as at 30 June 2021, in thousands of euro: 
 
Up to 1 
month  
1 to 3 
months  
3 to 6 
months  
6 to 12 
months  
Total up to 1 
year 
Due to credit institutions 
 -    
 4 360  
 3 777  
 8 090  
 16 227  
Due to general governments 
 -    
 17  
 1 537  
 2 994  
 4 549  
Issued debt securities 
 -    
 -    
 184  
 1 028  
 1 212  
Support programme funding 
 1 075  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1 075  
Other liabilities 
 8 023  
 -    
 -    
 96  
 8 119  
Total financial liabilities  
 9 098  
 4 377  
 5 498  
 12 208  
 31 182  
Off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities * 
 314 392  
 10 231  
 14 677  
 26 102  
 365 402  
Total financial liabilities, off-balance items and contingent liabilities 
 323 490  
 14 608  
 20 175  
 38 310  
 396 584  
Due from credit institutions and the Treasury 
 385 119  
 - 
 - 
 - 
 385 119  
Investment securities 
 35  
 -    
 105  
 1 088  
 1 228  
Liquid assets 
 385 154  
 -    
 - 
 1 088  
 386 347  
 
* Split of off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities by type of financial instrument – outstanding financial guarantees, loan 
commitments and grant commitments as well as commitments to AIF “Altum capital fund”, investments in associates and other 
investments, are presented in Note 23. 
 
Contingent liabilities and financial commitments are funded from various funding sources available to the Group. 
 
Outstanding financial guarantees in amount of EUR 243,685 thousand (up to 1 year) – from respective guarantee support programme 
funding (see Note 20) and Specific reserve capital (see Note 22). Track records of claimed guarantee compensations presents that 
the volume of guarantees claimed within such terms are considerably less than the amount of the commitment disclosed in the above 
maturity analyses. 
 
Loan commitments in amount of EUR 44,162 thousand (up to 1 year) – from financial facilities (either received by the Group or available 
to the Group upon request) concluded with financial institutions and the Treasury (see Notes 18 and 19) and respective loan support 
programme funding (see Note 20). 
 
Grant commitments in amount of EUR 22,504 thousand (up to 1 year) – from respective grant support programme funding (see Note 
20). 
 
Commitments to investments in associates in amount of EUR 8,335 thousand (up to 1 year) – from respective venture capital fund 
support programme funding (see Note 20). 
 
Commitments to AIF “Altum capital fund” in amount of EUR 41,064 thousand (up to 1 year) – from specific reserve capital (see Note 
22) and additional funding from shareholders expected in 2021. 
 
Commitments to other investments in amount of EUR 5,652 thousand (up to 1 year) – for Baltic Innovation Fund 2 from support 
programme funding and repayments on different support programmes (see Note 20) and the Group’s / Company’s own funding for 
Three Seas Initiatives Investment Fund. 
 
As a consequence, the liquidity of the Group is not deteriorated.

--- Page 348 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
28 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(2) Liquidity Risk (cont’d) 
Maturity profile of the Group’s expected undiscounted future cash flows of financial liabilities, off-balance liabilities and liquid 
assets as at 31 December 2020, in thousands of euro: 
 
Up to 1 
year * 
1 to 5 years 
5 to 10 years 
10 to 15 
years 
Over 15 
years and 
w/o maturity 
Total 
Due to credit institutions 
 12 468  
 53 399  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 65 867  
Due to general governments 
 311  
 4 741  
 9 544  
 -    
 89 553  
 104 149  
Issued debt securities 
 824  
 68 107  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 68 931  
Support programme funding ** 
 3 444  
 46 655  
 63 006  
 26 521  
 52 337  
 191 963  
Other liabilities 
 1 718  
 1 170  
 -    
 13  
 -    
 2 901  
Total financial liabilities  
 18 765  
 174 072  
 72 550  
 26 534  
 141 890  
 433 811  
Off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities 
 349 731  
 171 663  
 16 284  
 -    
 -    
 537 678  
Total financial liabilities, off-balance items and contingent 
liabilities *** 
 368 496  
 345 735  
 88 834  
 26 534  
 141 890  
 971 489  
Due from credit institutions and the Treasury 
 359 949  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 359 949  
Investment securities 
 22 991  
 14 408  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 37 399  
Liquid assets 
 382 940  
 14 408  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 397 348  
 
* According to IAS 7 “Financial Instruments: Disclosures” requirements the major part of the guarantee portfolio issued by the Group 
has been classified within maturity “Up to 1 year”. The exception is the housing guarantees for families with children and housing 
guarantees for young specialists – these guarantees with remaining contractual maturity exceeding 3 years, counting from the 
reporting date, are classified within maturity “1 to 5 years”, because the compensation mechanism for housing guarantee for families 
with children and housing guarantee for young specialists stipulates that compensation for the declared guarantee cases is paid 
within 3 years from the date the guarantee case is declared. In turn, the housing guarantees for families with children and housing 
guarantees for young specialists with remaining contractual maturity shorter than 1 year, counting from the reporting date, are 
presented in accordance with the remaining contractual maturity. 
 
Maturity profile of the Group’s expected undiscounted future cash flows of financial liabilities, off-balance liabilities and liquid assets 
“Up to 1 year” as at 31 December 2020 and supporting analysis is presented in table below. 
 
** After expiring of the support programme its funding remains on the Group’s / Company’s balance sheet since any repayment from 
the existing support programme accumulates and are used to finance new support programmes. 
 
*** Since part of off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities is backed by funding recognized as financial liabilities, EUR 49,053 
thousand are included in both the Group’s financial liabilities and the Group’s off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities.

--- Page 349 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
29 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(2) Liquidity Risk (cont’d) 
Maturity profile of the Group’s expected undiscounted future cash flows of financial liabilities, off-balance liabilities and liquid 
assets “Up to 1 year” as at 31 December 2020, in thousands of euro: 
 
Up to 1 
month  
1 to 3 
months  
3 to 6 
months  
6 to 12 
months  
Total up to 1 
year 
Due to credit institutions 
 - 
 4 378  
 - 
 8 090  
 12 468  
Due to general governments 
 123  
 - 
 140  
 48  
 311  
Issued debt securities 
 - 
 564  
 260  
 - 
 824  
Support programme funding 
 3 444  
 - 
 - 
 - 
 3 444  
Other liabilities 
 1 693  
 -    
 -    
 25  
 1 718  
Total financial liabilities  
 5 260  
 4 942  
 400  
 8 163  
 18 765  
Off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities * 
 286 738  
 13 777  
 14 532  
 34 684  
 349 731  
Total financial liabilities, off-balance items and contingent liabilities 
 291 998  
 18 719  
 14 932  
 42 847  
 368 496  
Due from credit institutions and the Treasury 
 359 949  
 - 
 - 
 - 
 359 949  
Investment securities 
 2 090  
 20 436  
 -    
 465  
 22 991  
Liquid assets 
 362 039  
 20 436  
 -    
 465  
 382 940  
 
* Split of off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities by type of financial instrument – outstanding financial guarantees, loan 
commitments and grant commitments as well as commitments to AIF “Altum capital fund”, investments in associates and other 
investments, are presented in Note 23. 
 
Contingent liabilities and financial commitments are funded from various funding sources available to the Group. 
 
Outstanding financial guarantees in amount of EUR 359,605 thousand (up to 1 year) – from respective guarantee support programme 
funding (see Note 20) and Specific reserve capital (see Note 22). Track records of claimed guarantee compensations presents that 
the volume of guarantees claimed within such terms are considerably less than the amount of the commitment disclosed in the above 
maturity analyses. 
 
Loan commitments in amount of EUR 39,348 thousand (up to 1 year) – from financial facilities (either received by the Group or available 
to the Group upon request) concluded with financial institutions and the Treasury (see Notes 18 and 19) and respective loan support 
programme funding (see Note 20). 
 
Grant commitments in amount of EUR 6,798 thousand (up to 1 year) – from respective grant support programme funding (see Note 
20). 
 
Commitments to investments in associates in amount of EUR 7,639 thousand (up to 1 year) – from respective venture capital fund 
support programme funding (see Note 20). 
 
Commitments to AIF “Altum capital fund” in amount of EUR 46,117 thousand (up to 1 year) – from specific reserve capital (see Note 
22) and additional funding from shareholders expected in 2021. 
 
Commitments to other investments in amount of EUR 9,235 thousand (up to 1 year) – for Baltic Innovation Fund 2 from support 
programme funding and repayments on different support programmes (see Note 20) and the Group’s / Company’s own funding for 
Three Seas Initiatives Investment Fund. 
 
As a consequence, the liquidity of the Group is not deteriorated.

--- Page 350 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
30 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(2) Liquidity Risk (cont’d) 
Maturity profile of the Company’s expected undiscounted future cash flows of financial liabilities, off-balance liabilities and 
liquid assets as at 30 June 2021, in thousands of euro: 
 
Up to 1 
year * 
1 to 5 years 
5 to 10 years 
10 to 15 
years 
Over 15 
years and 
w/o maturity 
Total 
Due to credit institutions 
 16 227  
 45 309  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 61 536  
Due to general governments 
 4 549  
 26 322  
 26 370  
 18 613  
 34 612  
 110 466  
Issued debt securities 
 1 212  
 67 527  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 68 739  
Support programme funding ** 
 1 075  
 62 778  
 71 975  
 34 615  
 27 557  
 198 000  
Other liabilities 
 8 119  
 933  
 25  
 -    
 -    
 9 077  
Total financial liabilities  
 31 182  
 202 869  
 98 370  
 53 228  
 62 169  
 447 818  
Off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities 
 368 486  
 196 417  
 11 582  
 -    
 -    
 576 485  
Total financial liabilities, off-balance items and contingent 
liabilities *** 
 399 668  
 399 286  
 109 952  
 53 228  
 62 169  
 1 024 303  
Due from credit institutions and the Treasury 
 385 119  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 385 119  
Investment securities 
 1 228  
 13 200  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 14 428  
Liquid assets 
 386 347  
 13 200  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 399 547  
 
* According to IAS 7 “Financial Instruments: Disclosures” requirements the major part of the guarantee portfolio issued by the Company 
has been classified within maturity “Up to 1 year”. The exception is the housing guarantees for families with children and housing 
guarantees for young specialists – these guarantees with remaining contractual maturity exceeding 3 years, counting from the 
reporting date, are classified within maturity “1 to 5 years”, because the compensation mechanism for housing guarantee for families 
with children and housing guarantee for young specialists stipulates that compensation for the declared guarantee cases is paid 
within 3 years from the date the guarantee case is declared. In turn, the housing guarantees for families with children and housing 
guarantees for young specialists with remaining contractual maturity shorter than 1 year, counting from the reporting date, are 
presented in accordance with the remaining contractual maturity. 
 
Maturity profile of the Company’s expected undiscounted future cash flows of financial liabilities, off-balance liabilities and liquid assets 
“Up to 1 year” as at 30 June 2021 and supporting analysis is presented in table below. 
 
** After expiring of the support programme its funding remains on the Group’s / Company’s balance sheet since any repayment from 
the existing support programme accumulates and are used to finance new support programmes. 
 
*** Since part of off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities is backed by funding recognized as financial liabilities, EUR 78,811 
thousand are included in both the Company’s financial liabilities and the Company’s off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities.

--- Page 351 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
31 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(2) Liquidity Risk (cont’d) 
Maturity profile of the Company’s expected undiscounted future cash flows of financial liabilities, off-balance liabilities and 
liquid assets “Up to 1 year” as at 30 June 2021, in thousands of euro: 
 
Up to 1 
month  
1 to 3 
months  
3 to 6 
months  
6 to 12 
months  
Total up to 1 
year 
Due to credit institutions 
 -    
 4 360  
 3 777  
 8 090  
 16 227  
Due to general governments 
 -    
 17  
 1 537  
 2 994  
 4 549  
Issued debt securities 
 -    
 -    
 184  
 1 028  
 1 212  
Support programme funding 
 1 075  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1 075  
Other liabilities 
 8 023  
 -    
 -    
 96  
 8 119  
Total financial liabilities  
 9 098  
 4 377  
 5 498  
 12 208  
 31 182  
Off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities * 
 314 700  
 10 539  
 15 294  
 27 953  
 368 486  
Total financial liabilities, off-balance items and contingent liabilities 
 323 798  
 14 916  
 20 792  
 40 161  
 399 668  
Due from credit institutions and the Treasury 
 385 119  
 - 
 -    
 -    
 385 119  
Investment securities 
 35  
 -    
 105  
 1 088  
 1 228  
Liquid assets 
 385 154  
 -    
 105  
 1 088  
 386 347  
 
* Split of off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities by type of financial instrument – outstanding financial guarantees, loan 
commitments and grant commitments as well as commitments to AIF “Altum capital fund”, investments in associates and other 
investments, are presented in Note 23. 
 
Contingent liabilities and financial commitments are funded from various funding sources available to the Company. 
 
Outstanding financial guarantees in amount of EUR 243,685 thousand (up to 1 year) – from respective guarantee support programme 
funding (see Note 20) and Specific reserve capital (see Note 22). Track records of claimed guarantee compensations presents that 
the volume of guarantees claimed within such terms are considerably less than the amount of the commitment disclosed in the above 
maturity analyses. 
 
Loan commitments in amount of EUR 44,162 thousand (up to 1 year) – from financial facilities (either received by the Company or 
available to the Company upon request) concluded with financial institutions and the Treasury (see Notes 18 and 19) and respective 
loan support programme funding (see Note 20). 
 
Grant commitments in amount of EUR 22,504 thousand (up to 1 year) – from respective grant support programme funding (see Note 
20). 
 
Commitments to investments in subsidiaries in amount of EUR 3,084 thousand (up to 1 year) – from respective venture capital fund 
support programme funding (see Note 20). 
 
Commitments to investments in associates in amount of EUR 8,335 thousand (up to 1 year) – from respective venture capital fund 
support programme funding (see Note 20). 
 
Commitments to AIF “Altum capital fund” in amount of EUR 41,064 thousand (up to 1 year) – from specific reserve capital (see Note 
22) and additional funding from shareholders expected in 2021. 
 
Commitments to other investments in amount of EUR 5,652 thousand (up to 1 year) – for Baltic Innovation Fund 2 from support 
programme funding and repayments on different support programmes (see Note 20) and the Group’s / Company’s own funding for 
Three Seas Initiatives Investment Fund. 
 
As a consequence, the liquidity of the Company is not deteriorated.

--- Page 352 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
32 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(2) Liquidity Risk (cont’d) 
Maturity profile of the Company’s expected undiscounted future cash flows of financial liabilities, off-balance liabilities and 
liquid assets as at 31 December 2020, in thousands of euro: 
 
Up to 1 
year * 
1 to 5 years 
5 to 10 years 
10 to 15 
years 
Over 15 
years and 
w/o maturity 
Total 
Due to credit institutions 
 12 468  
 53 399  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 65 867  
Due to general governments 
 311  
 4 741  
 9 544  
 -    
 89 553  
 104 149  
Issued debt securities 
 824  
 68 107  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 68 931  
Support programme funding ** 
 3 444  
 46 655  
 63 006  
 26 521  
 52 337  
 191 963  
Other liabilities 
 1 718  
 1 170  
 -    
 13  
 -    
 2 901  
Total financial liabilities  
 18 765  
 174 072  
 72 550  
 26 534  
 141 890  
 433 811  
Off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities 
 353 898  
 176 870  
 17 325  
 -    
 -    
 548 093  
Total financial liabilities, off-balance items and contingent 
liabilities *** 
 372 663  
 350 942  
 89 875  
 26 534  
 141 890  
 981 904  
Due from credit institutions and the Treasury 
 359 949  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 359 949  
Investment securities 
 22 991  
 14 408  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 37 399  
Liquid assets 
 382 940  
 14 408  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 397 348  
 
* According to IAS 7 “Financial Instruments: Disclosures” requirements the major part of the guarantee portfolio issued by the Company 
has been classified within maturity “Up to 1 year”. The exception is the housing guarantees for families with children and housing 
guarantees for young specialists – these guarantees with remaining contractual maturity exceeding 3 years, counting from the 
reporting date, are classified within maturity “1 to 5 years”, because the compensation mechanism for housing guarantee for families 
with children and housing guarantee for young specialists stipulates that compensation for the declared guarantee cases is paid 
within 3 years from the date the guarantee case is declared. In turn, the housing guarantees for families with children and housing 
guarantees for young specialists with remaining contractual maturity shorter than 1 year, counting from the reporting date, are 
presented in accordance with the remaining contractual maturity. 
 
Maturity profile of the Company’s expected undiscounted future cash flows of financial liabilities, off-balance liabilities and liquid assets 
“Up to 1 year” as at 31 December 2020 and supporting analysis is presented in table below. 
 
** After expiring of the support programme its funding remains on the Group’s / Company’s balance sheet since any repayment from 
the existing support programme accumulates and are used to finance new support programmes. 
 
*** Since part of off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities is backed by funding recognized as financial liabilities, EUR 49,053 
thousand are included in both the Company’s financial liabilities and the Company’s off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities.

--- Page 353 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
33 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(2) Liquidity Risk (cont’d) 
Maturity profile of the Company’s expected undiscounted future cash flows of financial liabilities, off-balance liabilities and 
liquid assets “Up to 1 year” as at 31 December 2020, in thousands of euro: 
 
Up to 1 
month  
1 to 3 
months  
3 to 6 
months  
6 to 12 
months  
Total up to 1 
year 
Due to credit institutions 
 -    
 4 378  
 -    
 8 090  
 12 468  
Due to general governments 
 123  
  
 140  
 48  
 311  
Issued debt securities 
 -    
 564  
 260  
 -    
 824  
Support programme funding 
 3 444  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 3 444  
Other liabilities 
 1 693  
 -    
 -    
 25  
 1 718  
Total financial liabilities  
 5 260  
 4 942  
 400  
 8 163  
 18 765  
Off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities * 
 287 155  
 14 194  
 15 365  
 37 184  
 353 898  
Total financial liabilities, off-balance items and contingent liabilities 
 292 415  
 19 136  
 15 765  
 45 347  
 372 663  
Due from credit institutions and the Treasury 
 359 949  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 359 949  
Investment securities 
 2 090  
 20 436  
 -    
 465  
 22 991  
Liquid assets 
 362 039  
 20 436  
 -    
 465  
 382 940  
 
* Split of off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities by type of financial instrument – outstanding financial guarantees, loan 
commitments and grant commitments as well as commitments to AIF “Altum capital fund”, investments in associates and other 
investments, are presented in Note 23. 
 
Contingent liabilities and financial commitments are funded from various funding sources available to the Company. 
 
Outstanding financial guarantees in amount of EUR 359,605 thousand (up to 1 year) – from respective guarantee support programme 
funding (see Note 20) and Specific reserve capital (see Note 22). Track records of claimed guarantee compensations presents that 
the volume of guarantees claimed within such terms are considerably less than the amount of the commitment disclosed in the above 
maturity analyses. 
 
Loan commitments in amount of EUR 39,348 thousand (up to 1 year) – from financial facilities (either received by the Company or 
available to the Company upon request) concluded with financial institutions and the Treasury (see Notes 18 and 19) and respective 
loan support programme funding (see Note 20). 
 
Grant commitments in amount of EUR 6,798 thousand (up to 1 year) – from respective grant support programme funding (see Note 
20). 
 
Commitments to investments in subsidiaries in amount of EUR 4,167 thousand (up to 1 year) – from respective venture capital fund 
support programme funding (see Note 20). 
 
Commitments to investments in associates in amount of EUR 7,639 thousand (up to 1 year) – from respective venture capital fund 
support programme funding (see Note 20). 
 
Commitments to AIF “Altum capital fund” in amount of EUR 46,117 thousand (up to 1 year) – from specific reserve capital (see Note 
22) and additional funding from shareholders expected in 2021. 
 
Commitments to other investments in amount of EUR 9,235 thousand (up to 1 year) – for Baltic Innovation Fund 2 from support 
programme funding and repayments on different support programmes (see Note 20) and the Group’s / Company’s own funding for 
Three Seas Initiatives Investment Fund. 
 
As a consequence, the liquidity of the Company is not deteriorated.

--- Page 354 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
34 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(2) Liquidity Risk (cont’d) 
Breakdown of the Group’s assets and liabilities by maturity profile as at 30 June 2021 based on the time remaining from the 
reporting date to their contractual maturity, in thousands of euro: 
  
Up to 1 
month  
1 to 3 months  
3 to 6 months  
6 to 12 
months  
1 to 5 years  
Over 5 years 
and w/o 
maturity 
Total 
Assets 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due from credit institutions and the 
Treasury 
 385 119  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 385 119  
Financial assets at fair value through profit 
or loss 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 7 602  
 7 602  
Investment securities 
 35  
 -    
 105  
 1 088  
 13 200  
 -    
 14 428  
Loans * 
 10 004  
 11 783  
 25 602  
 39 969  
 156 944  
 91 031  
 335 333  
Grants 
 48  
 14 652  
 407  
 213  
 24 210  
 1 768  
 41 298  
Deferred expense and accrued income 
 2 167  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2 167  
Other investments 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 8 318  
 8 318  
Investments in associates 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 28 188  
 -    
 26 017  
 54 205  
Investment property 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 38 148  
 38 148  
Property, plant and equipment 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 4 411  
 4 411  
Intangible assets 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1 242  
 1 242  
Other assets 
 1 647  
 57  
 58  
 925  
 1 528  
 -    
 4 215  
Total assets 
 399 020  
 26 492  
 26 172  
 70 383  
 195 882  
 178 537  
 896 486  
Liabilities  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due to credit institutions 
 -    
 4 360  
 3 750  
 8 090  
 45 309  
 -    
 61 509  
Due to general governments  
 -    
 2  
 1 419  
 2 846  
 26 091  
 79 560  
 109 918  
Issued debt securities 
 -    
 -    
 184  
 183  
 64 992  
 -    
 65 359  
Deferred income and accrued expense 
 231  
 350  
 374  
 1 472  
 3 021  
 784  
 6 232  
Provisions  
 31 421  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 31 421  
Support programme funding 
 1 075  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 62 778  
 134 147  
 198 000  
Other liabilities 
 8 023  
 -    
 -    
 96  
 933  
 25  
 9 077  
Total liabilities 
 40 750  
 4 712  
 5 727  
 12 687  
 203 124  
 214 516  
 481 516  
Net liquidity 
 358 270  
 21 780  
 20 445  
 57 696  
 (7 242) 
 (35 979) 
 414 970  
 
* With regard to loans and advances to customers, the Group uses the same basis of expected repayment behaviour as used for 
estimating the effective interest rate. Investments in securities reflect their contractual coupon amortisations.

--- Page 355 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
35 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(2) Liquidity Risk (cont’d) 
Breakdown of the Group’s assets and liabilities by maturity profile as at 31 December 2020 based on the time remaining from 
the reporting date to their contractual maturity, in thousands of euro: 
  
Up to 1 
month  
1 to 3 months  
3 to 6 months  
6 to 12 
months  
1 to 5 years  
Over 5 years 
and w/o 
maturity 
Total 
Assets 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due from credit institutions and the 
Treasury 
 359 949  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 359 949  
Financial assets at fair value through profit 
or loss 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 5 425  
 5 425  
Investment securities 
 2 090  
 20 436  
 -    
 465  
 14 408  
 -    
 37 399  
Loans * 
 10 563  
 13 112  
 16 717  
 35 212  
 152 416  
 85 248  
 313 268  
Grants 
 64  
 66  
 18  
 7 121  
 18 524  
 5 314  
 31 107  
Deferred expense and accrued income 
 1 521  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1 521  
Other investments 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 7 503  
 7 503  
Investments in associates 
 -    
 -    
 7 587  
 16 375  
 5 366  
 18 660  
 47 988  
Investment property 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 36 758  
 36 758  
Property, plant and equipment 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 4 717  
 4 717  
Intangible assets 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1 398  
 1 398  
Other assets 
 971  
 208  
 81  
 259  
 2 117  
 35  
 3 671  
Total assets 
 375 158  
 33 822  
 24 403  
 59 432  
 192 831  
 165 058  
 850 704  
Liabilities  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due to credit institutions 
 -    
 4 367  
 -    
 8 090  
 53 398  
 -    
 65 855  
Due to general governments  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 4 422  
 99 098  
 103 520  
Issued debt securities 
 -    
 484  
 (2) 
 53  
 64 987  
 -    
 65 522  
Deferred income and accrued expense 
 488  
 357  
 401  
 967  
 2 916  
 719  
 5 848  
Provisions  
 32 501  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 32 501  
Support programme funding 
 3 444  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 46 655  
 141 864  
 191 963  
Other liabilities 
 1 693  
 -    
 -    
 25  
 1 170  
 13  
 2 901  
Total liabilities 
 38 126  
 5 208  
 399  
 9 135  
 173 548  
 241 694  
 468 110  
Net liquidity 
 337 032  
 28 614  
 24 004  
 50 297  
 19 283  
 (76 636) 
 382 594  
 
* With regard to loans and advances to customers, the Group uses the same basis of expected repayment behaviour as used for 
estimating the effective interest rate. Investments in securities reflect their contractual coupon amortisations.

--- Page 356 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
36 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(2) Liquidity Risk (cont’d) 
Breakdown of the Company’s assets and liabilities by maturity profile as at 30 June 2021 based on the time remaining from 
the reporting date to their contractual maturity, in thousands of euro: 
  
Up to 1 
month  
1 to 3 months  
3 to 6 months  
6 to 12 
months  
1 to 5 years  
Over 5 years 
and w/o 
maturity 
Total 
Assets 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due from credit institutions and the 
Treasury 
 385 119  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 385 119  
Investment securities 
 35  
 -    
 105  
 1 088  
 13 200  
 -    
 14 428  
Loans * 
 10 004  
 11 783  
 25 602  
 39 969  
 156 944  
 91 031  
 335 333  
Grants 
 48  
 14 652  
 407  
 213  
 24 210  
 1 768  
 41 298  
Deferred expense and accrued income 
 2 167  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2 167  
Other investments 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 8 318  
 8 318  
Investments in associates 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 28 188  
 -    
 26 017  
 54 205  
Investments in subsidiaries  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 7 021  
 7 021  
Investment property 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 38 148  
 38 148  
Property, plant and equipment 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 4 411  
 4 411  
Intangible assets 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1 242  
 1 242  
Other assets 
 1 647  
 57  
 58  
 925  
 1 528  
 -    
 4 215  
Total assets 
 399 020  
 26 492  
 26 172  
 70 383  
 195 882  
 177 956  
 895 905  
Liabilities  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Due to credit institutions 
 -    
 4 360  
 3 750  
 8 090  
 45 309  
 -    
 61 509  
Due to general governments  
 -    
 2  
 1 419  
 2 846  
 26 091  
 79 560  
 109 918  
Issued debt securities 
 -    
 -    
 184  
 183  
 64 992  
 -    
 65 359  
Deferred income and accrued expense 
 231  
 350  
 374  
 1 552  
 3 021  
 784  
 6 312  
Provisions  
 31 421  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 31 421  
Support programme funding 
 1 075  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 62 778  
 134 147  
 198 000  
Other liabilities 
 8 023  
 -    
 -    
 96  
 933  
 25  
 9 077  
Total liabilities 
 40 750  
 4 712  
 5 727  
 12 767  
 203 124  
 214 516  
 481 596  
Net liquidity 
 358 270  
 21 780  
 20 445  
 57 616  
 (7 242) 
 (36 560) 
 414 309  
 
* With regard to loans and advances to customers, the Group uses the same basis of expected repayment behaviour as used for 
estimating the effective interest rate. Investments in securities reflect their contractual coupon amortisations.

--- Page 357 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
37 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(2) Liquidity Risk (cont’d) 
Breakdown of the Company’s assets and liabilities by maturity profile as at 31 December 2020 based on the time remaining 
from the reporting date to their contractual maturity, in thousands of euro: 
  
Up to 1 
month  
1 to 3 months  
3 to 6 months  
6 to 12 
months  
1 to 5 years  
Over 5 years 
and w/o 
maturity 
Total 
Assets 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due from credit institutions and the 
Treasury 
 359 949  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 359 949  
Investment securities 
 2 090  
 20 436  
 -    
 465  
 14 408  
 -    
 37 399  
Loans * 
 10 563  
 13 112  
 16 717  
 35 212  
 152 416  
 85 248  
 313 268  
Grants 
 64  
 66  
 18  
 7 121  
 18 524  
 5 314  
 31 107  
Deferred expense and accrued income 
 1 521  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1 521  
Other investments 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 7 503  
 7 503  
Investments in associates 
 -    
 -    
 7 587  
 16 375  
 5 366  
 18 660  
 47 988  
Investments in subsidiaries  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 4 879  
 4 879  
Investment property 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 36 758  
 36 758  
Property, plant and equipment 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 4 717  
 4 717  
Intangible assets 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1 398  
 1 398  
Other assets 
 971  
 208  
 81  
 259  
 2 117  
 -    
 3 636  
Total assets 
 375 158  
 33 822  
 24 403  
 59 432  
 192 831  
 164 477  
 850 123  
Liabilities  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due to credit institutions 
 -    
 4 367  
 -    
 8 090  
 53 398  
 -    
 65 855  
Due to general governments  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 4 422  
 99 098  
 103 520  
Issued debt securities 
 -    
 484  
 (2) 
 53  
 64 987  
 -    
 65 522  
Deferred income and accrued expense 
 488  
 357  
 401  
 967  
 2 916  
 799  
 5 928  
Provisions  
 32 501  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 32 501  
Support programme funding 
 3 444  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 46 655  
 141 864  
 191 963  
Other liabilities 
 1 693  
 -    
 -    
 25  
 1 170  
 13  
 2 901  
Total liabilities 
 38 126  
 5 208  
 399  
 9 135  
 173 548  
 241 774  
 468 190  
Net liquidity 
 337 032  
 28 614  
 24 004  
 50 297  
 19 283  
 (77 297) 
 381 933  
 
* With regard to loans and advances to customers, the Group uses the same basis of expected repayment behaviour as used for 
estimating the effective interest rate. Investments in securities reflect their contractual coupon amortisations.

--- Page 358 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
38 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(3) Covid-19 impact 
(i) Covid-19 impact on loan portfolio 
Analysis of the Group’s / Company’s loan portfolio by client segments as at 30 June 2021, in thousands of euro: 
 
Stage 1 
  
Stage 2 
  
Stage 3 
  
Total gross 
loans 
Total 
impairment 
allowance 
 
Gross 
loans 
Impairment 
allowance 
Gross 
loans 
Impairment 
allowance 
Gross 
loans 
Impairment 
allowance 
Financial Intermediaries 
 1 124  
 8  
 -    
 -    
 614  
 346  
 1 738  
 354  
Agriculture 
 116 883  
 987  
 10 344  
 307  
 5 669  
 1 340  
132 896 
 2 634  
SME and Midcaps 
 137 337  
 5 094  
 26 227  
 4 769  
 17 690  
 7 677  
181 254 
 17 540  
of which, 
  
  
  
 -    
 -    
 -    
  
  
 Covid-19 crisis related working      
capital loans 
 59 687  
 1 781  
 6 404  
 255  
 1 908  
 868  
 67 999  
 2 904  
Daily loan products 
 77 650  
 3 313  
 19 823  
 4 514  
 15 784  
 6 809  
113 255 
 14 636  
Private individuals 
 4 869  
 31  
 331  
 7  
 2 187  
 850  
 7 387  
 888  
Land Fund 
 32 816  
 23  
 1 092  
 1  
 355  
 2  
 34 263  
 26  
Total segments, gross 
 293 029  
 6 143  
 37 994  
 5 084  
 26 515  
 10 215  
357 538 
 21 442  
Impairment overlay * 
 -    
 763  
 -    
  
  
  
 -    
 763  
Total segments, net 
 293 029  
 6 906  
 37 994  
 5 084  
 26 515  
 10 215  
357 538 
 22 205  
 
* The impairment overlay represents an additional loss reserve for SME and Midcaps portfolio over the modelled ECL amounts to 
account for other economic uncertainties.  
 
Analysis of the Group’s / Company’s loan portfolio by client segments as at 31 December 2020, in thousands of euro: 
 
Stage 1 
  
Stage 2 
  
Stage 3 
  
Total gross 
loans 
Total 
impairment 
allowance 
 
Gross 
loans 
Impairment 
allowance 
Gross 
loans 
Impairment 
allowance 
Gross 
loans 
Impairment 
allowance 
Financial Intermediaries 
 1 245  
 10  
 -   
 -    
 638  
 351  
 1 883  
 361  
Agriculture 
 107 189  
 841  
 10 258  
 300  
 6 863  
 1 491  
 124 310  
 2 632  
SME and Midcaps 
 129 745  
 5 755  
 21 007  
 3 195  
 17 509  
 7 443  
 168 261  
 16 393  
of which, 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 Covid-19 crisis related working      
capital loans 
 60 665  
 1 984  
 3 569  
 219  
 326  
 155  
 64 560  
 2 358  
Daily loan products 
 69 081  
 3 771  
 17 438  
 2 976  
 17 183  
 7 288  
 103 702  
 14 035  
Private individuals 
 5 224  
 34  
 490  
 10  
 2 311  
 953  
 8 025  
 997  
Land Fund 
 30 889  
 17  
 256  
 -    
 355  
 2  
 31 500  
 19  
Total segments, gross 
 274 292  
 6 657  
 32 011  
 3 505  
 27 676  
 10 240  
 333 979  
 20 402  
Impairment overlay * 
 -    
 309  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 309  
Total segments, net 
 274 292  
 6 966  
 32 011  
 3 505  
 27 676  
 10 240  
 333 979  
 20 711  
 
* The impairment overlay represents an additional loss reserve for SME and Midcaps portfolio over the modelled ECL amounts to 
account for other economic uncertainties.  
 
Loans issued by the Group / Company to SME and Midcap client segment are split between specific Covid-19 related support 
instrument – working capital loans and daily (ordinary) loan product portfolio.

--- Page 359 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
39 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(3) COVID-19 impact (cont’d) 
(i) Covid-19 impact on loan portfolio (cont’d) 
Split of specific Covid-19 related support instrument - working capital loans – portfolio for the SME and Midcap client segment 
by industries as at 30 June 2021, in thousands euro: 
  
Gross 
loans 
Changes to 
31.12.2020. 
Granted 
in 2021 
6M 
Granted 
in 2020 
12M 
Impairment 
allowance 
Changes to 
31.12.2020. 
Net loans 
 % of Total 
Gross loans, 
SME & 
Midcap 
Covid-19 more exposed industries 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Retail 
 4 854  
 140  
 216  
 4 714  
 334  
 148  
 4 520  
2.7% 
Hotels and restaurants 
 3 322  
 (76) 
 210  
 3 398  
 112  
 15  
 3 209  
1.8% 
Tourism services 
 2 900  
 248  
 -    
 2 652  
 72  
 8  
 2 827  
1.6% 
Land transport services 
 1 807  
 1 213  
 188  
 594  
 48  
 36  
 1 759  
1.0% 
Art, entertainment and leasure 
 1 507  
 367  
 81  
 1 139  
 51  
 22  
 1 456  
0.8% 
Beauty and sports 
 100  
 100  
 100  
 -    
 3  
 3  
 97  
0.1% 
Total Covid-19 more exposed industries 
 14 490  
 1 992  
 795  
 12 497  
 620  
 232  
 13 868  
8.0% 
Covid-19 less exposed industries 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Manufacturing 
 18 577  
 (954) 
 1 875  
 19 532  
 675  
 (63) 
 17 902  
10.2% 
Wholesale 
 13 268  
 91  
 1 183  
 13 178  
 793  
 303  
 12 475  
7.3% 
Construction 
 7 469  
 1 412  
 1 415  
 6 057  
 402  
 48  
 7 067  
4.1% 
Transport, warehousing and 
communications 
 3 567  
 (35) 
 303  
 3 602  
 118  
 8  
 3 449  
2.0% 
Information technologies and 
communication 
 2 932  
 410  
 -    
 2 522  
 94  
 41  
 2 839  
1.6% 
Professional, science and technical 
services 
 2 174  
 (121) 
 399  
 2 295  
 69  
 (12) 
 2 106  
1.2% 
Forestry 
 1 961  
 (41) 
 153  
 2 002  
 59  
 (4) 
 1 902  
1.1% 
Municipal authorities 
 896  
 141  
 20  
 755  
 21  
 5  
 875  
0.5% 
Electricity, gas and water utilities 
 623  
 (837) 
 -    
 1 460  
 10  
 (40) 
 613  
0.3% 
Real estate 
 470  
 38  
 -    
 432  
 11  
 1  
 459  
0.3% 
Health and social care 
 189  
 27  
 45  
 163  
 4  
 1  
 185  
0.1% 
Other industries  
 1 381  
 1 316  
 168  
 65  
 28  
 27  
 1 353  
0.8% 
Total Covid-19 less exposed industries 
 53 507  
 1 447  
 5 561  
 52 063  
 2 284  
 315  
 51 225  
29.5% 
Total Covid-19 crisis related working 
capital loans 
 67 997  
 3 439  
 6 356  
 64 560  
 2 904  
 547  
 65 093  
37.5%

--- Page 360 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
40 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(3) COVID-19 impact (cont’d) 
(i) Covid-19 impact on loan portfolio (cont’d) 
Split of daily (ordinary) loan product portfolio for the SME and Midcap client segment by industries as at 30 June 2021, in 
thousands euro: 
  
Gross loans 
Changes to 
31.12.2020. 
Granted 
in 2021 
6M 
Granted 
in 2020 
12M 
Impairment 
allowance 
Changes to 
31.12.2020. 
Net loans 
 % of Total 
Gross loans, 
SME & 
Midcap 
Covid-19 more exposed industries 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Hotels and restaurants 
 4 934  
 210  
 516  
 1 021  
 599  
 1  
 4 335  
2.7% 
Retail 
 1 934  
 (80) 
 108  
 194  
 142  
 6  
 1 792  
1.1% 
Land transport services 
 1 803  
 (123) 
 128  
 398  
 445  
 67  
 1 359  
1.0% 
Art, entertainment and leasure 
 678  
 330  
 -    
 71  
 83  
 22  
 595  
0.4% 
Beauty and sports 
 660  
 (50) 
 32  
 116  
 243  
 (12) 
 417  
0.4% 
Tourism services 
 333  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 87  
 1  
 246  
0.2% 
Total Covid-19 more exposed industries 
 10 342  
 287  
 784  
 1 800  
 1 599  
 85  
 8 744  
5.7% 
Covid-19 less exposed industries 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Manufacturing 
 52 986  
 4 384  
 4 002  
 9 075  
 6 207  
 (555) 
 46 779  
29.2% 
Real estate 
 11 082  
 1 241  
 727  
 1 657  
 3 023  
 935  
 8 059  
6.1% 
Wholesale 
 6 317  
 (222) 
 316  
 1 474  
 963  
 93  
 5 354  
3.5% 
Electricity, gas and water utilities 
 6 152  
 (69) 
 257  
 366  
 964  
 (32) 
 5 188  
3.4% 
Municipal authorities 
 4 891  
 302  
 189  
 3 005  
 100  
 2  
 4 791  
2.7% 
Health and social care 
 4 664  
 347  
 396  
 711  
 471  
 (43) 
 4 192  
2.6% 
Construction 
 4 194  
 974  
 984  
 1 592  
 257  
 3  
 3 937  
2.3% 
Forestry 
 3 685  
 1 233  
 642  
 910  
 142  
 54  
 3 543  
2.0% 
Professional, science and technical 
services 
 2 805  
 (855) 
 83  
 810  
 149  
 (101) 
 2 656  
1.5% 
Fishery 
 1 809  
 162  
 -    
 281  
 164  
 18  
 1 645  
1.0% 
Transport, warehousing and 
communications 
 753  
 70  
 257  
 121  
 186  
 -    
 567  
0.4% 
Information technologies and 
communication 
 598  
 47  
 59  
 91  
 71  
 27  
 527  
0.3% 
Other industries  
 2 979  
 1 652  
 350  
 479  
 341  
 116  
 2 637  
1.6% 
Total Covid-19 less exposed industries 
 102 915  
 9 266  
 8 262  
 20 572  
 13 038  
 517  
 89 875  
56.8% 
Total daily (ordinary) loan products 
 113 257  
 9 553  
 9 046  
 22 372  
 14 637  
 602  
 98 619  
62.5% 
 
For daily (ordinary) loan product portfolio the loan application assessment process, including, accepted credit risk level, 
eligible credit rating of the client, expected debt service capacity, collateral has not been lowered by Covid-19 situation. The 
same loan application assessment process applies to specific Covid-19 related support instrument – working capital loans. 
About 39% of the SME and Midcap segment as of 30.06.2021 consists of loans in the manufacturing sector. In the first 6 months 
of 2021, the growth of manufacturing companies has generally continued. Given the constraints on the entertainment, 
catering, tourism and other services sectors, public consumption trends are significantly affected and most of the income is 
directed to the purchase of various goods. The sub-sector that is experiencing the sharpest fluctuations is wood processing, 
as the trend of the second half of 2020 continues with rapidly rising sales prices, and profit indicators are increasing 
accordingly. However, the availability of raw materials, in connection with the economic sanctions against Belarus, as well as 
the possible sharp decline in the price of products on the basis of demand adjustments, poses additional risks to companies 
in the sector. The sufficiently good results of the manufacturing industry in 2021 are also shown by the macroeconomic 
indicators - the output of exported goods continues to increase in almost all sub-sectors. Therefore, it can be concluded that 
the negative impact of Covid-19 on the operations of the companies in the sector has been insignificant. 
The second largest sector in terms of size of loan portfolio (around 11%) in the SME and Midcap segment is trading. In the 
wholesale sector, similarly to the manufacturing sector, the impact of the Covid-19 crisis, including in the first 6 months of 2021, 
has varied depending on the sub-sector. For example, wholesalers of various raw materials and equipment have closed 2020 
with very good results, and they have been able to improve their performance thanks to the growth of the manufacturing 
sector in 2021 as well. Timber wholesalers have been less successful, having had to cope with the fall in demand caused by 
BREXIT in addition to the breaks in logistics chains caused by Covid-19. However, at the end of 2020, a large number of timber 
wholesalers had found new outlets in Asian countries, as well as the ability to close the year without significant losses due to

--- Page 361 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
41 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(3) COVID-19 impact (cont’d) 
(i) Covid-19 impact on loan portfolio (cont’d) 
rising timber prices worldwide. This trend will continue in the first 6 months of 2021, but the challenges for the industry are similar 
to those for the wood processing industry. The first 6 months of 2021 have been slightly more successful for fuel and fuel traders, 
as they have been able to take advantage of the positive effect of rising prices, but in general the industry has not fully 
recovered from the losses caused by the Covid-19 crisis in 2020. On the positive side, most companies in this sector have 
sufficiently high equity ratios and owners with the ability to financially support companies. In the retail segment, the first half of 
2021 was challenging for all sub-sectors, except for trade in pharmaceuticals, food products and household goods. Due to 
store restrictions, many retailers of clothing, footwear, cosmetics, jewellery and other product groups have major challenges 
in covering their day-to-day expenses and selling existing inventory to renew their range. 
The third largest sector in terms of size of loan portfolio (around 6%) is real estate operations. The real estate portfolios where 
the hotel business is located were the most affected - due to travel restrictions, the flow of visitors to the region has almost 
completely stopped. It is too early to judge the recovery of this segment, and much will depend on the pace of vaccination 
and the overall success of controlling the virus. The second most significantly affected segment is shopping centers. Restrictions 
on trade, social distancing, as well as the boom in e-commerce have had a significant impact on the financial results of 
shopping centers - a large number of tenants have requested rent discounts, but in some centers the proportion of vacant 
space has increased. In the office segment - most office employees have had to work remotely and many still work from 
home on a daily basis, thus the issue of the need for offices in the future has become topical in the real estate sector. The 
impact of the Covid-19 crisis on the industry has been moderate overall, with negative effects being more pronounced for 
companies that did not diversify their tenant portfolios by industry. For example, rental space was mostly leased to beauty, 
retail customers, hotels, in this example landlords had to reduce rents or look for other tenants, thus suffering from the impact 
of Covid-19. However, the problems of entrepreneurs who had tenants in various industries in the portfolio are relatively minimal 
and could not significantly affect the client's solvency. The warehousing segment is surviving the pandemic better, as the 
volume of goods delivered has increased significantly due to the boom in e-commerce. At the same time, the requirements 
of buyers to ensure the speed of delivery of goods create additional demand for warehouse space. 
(ii) Covid-19 impact on guarantee portfolio 
Analysis of the Group’s / Company’s guarantees portfolio by client segments as at 30 June 2021, in thousands of euro: 
 
Stage 1 
  
Stage 2 
  
Stage 3 
  
Total 
outstanding 
guarantees 
Total 
impairment 
allowance 
 
Outstanding 
guarantees 
Impairment 
allowance 
Outstanding 
guarantees 
Impairment 
allowance 
Outstanding 
guarantees 
Impairment 
allowance 
Agriculture 
 11 883  
 1 756  
 1 532  
 130  
 597  
 385  
 14 012  
 2 271  
SME and Midcaps 
 165 419  
 9 801  
 15 922  
 1 749  
 3 023  
 1 851  
 184 364  
 13 401  
of which, 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Covid-19 crisis related 
guarantees * 
 31 705  
 1 899  
 8 932  
 1 057  
 218  
 134  
 40 855  
 3 090  
Daily guarantees products 
 133 714  
 7 901  
 6 990  
 691  
 2 805  
 1 717  
 143 509  
 10 309  
Private individuals 
 180 923  
 14 875  
 188  
 28  
 115  
 112  
 181 226  
 15 015  
Total segments, gross 
 358 225  
 26 432  
 17 642  
 1 907  
 3 735  
 2 348  
 379 602  
 30 687  
 
* Includes SME loan credit holiday guarantees, portfolio guarantees and SME and Midcap companies loan holiday guarantees 
 
Analysis of the Group’s / Company’s guarantees portfolio by client segments as at 31 December 2020, in thousands of euro: 
 
Stage 1 
  
Stage 2 
  
Stage 3 
  
Total 
outstanding 
guarantees 
Total 
impairment 
allowance 
 
Outstanding 
guarantees 
Impairment 
allowance 
Outstanding 
guarantees 
Impairment 
allowance 
Outstanding 
guarantees 
Impairment 
allowance 
Agriculture 
 14 305  
 2 118  
 39  
 5  
 486  
 311  
 14 830  
 2 434  
SME and Midcaps 
 178 094  
 12 124  
 6 761  
 775  
 3 879  
 2 389  
 188 734  
 15 288  
of which, 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Covid-19 crisis related 
guarantees * 
 37 005  
 3 001  
 1 437  
 127  
 257  
 160  
 38 699  
 3 288  
Daily guarantees products 
 141 089  
 9 123  
 5 324  
 649  
 3 622  
 2 229  
 150 035  
 12 001  
Private individuals 
 155 717  
 13 528  
 194  
 36  
 130  
 127  
 156 041  
 13 691  
Total segments, gross 
 348 116  
 27 770  
 6 994  
 816  
 4 495  
 2 827  
 359 605  
 31 413

--- Page 362 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
42 
 
* Includes SME loan credit holiday guarantees, portfolio guarantees and SME and Midcap companies loan holiday guarantees 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(3) COVID-19 impact (cont’d) 
(ii) Covid-19 impact on guarantee portfolio (cont’d) 
Guarantees issued by the Group / Company to SME and Midcap client segment are split between specific Covid-19 related 
support instrument – SME loan credit holiday guarantees, portfolio guarantees and SME and Midcap companies loan holiday 
guarantees and daily (ordinary) guarantee product portfolio. 
Split of specific Covid-19 related support guarantee instruments for the SME and Midcap client segment guarantee portfolio 
by industries as at 30 June 2021, in thousands euro: 
  
Gross 
outstanding 
guarantees 
Changes 
to 
31.12.2020. 
Issued in 
2021 6M 
Issued 
in 2020 
12M 
Impairment 
allowance 
Changes 
to 
31.12.2020. 
Net 
outstanding 
guarantees 
 % of Total 
gross 
outstanding 
guarantees, 
SME & 
Midcap 
Covid-19 more exposed industries 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Hotels and restaurants 
 5 181  
 (9) 
 -    
 5 190  
 569  
 (71) 
 4 612  
2.8% 
Retail 
 1 366  
 (1 506) 
 -    
 2 872  
 32  
 (58) 
 1 334  
0.7% 
Land transport services 
 3 924  
 1 026  
 1 287  
 2 899  
 501  
 11  
 3 424  
2.1% 
Art, entertainment and leasure 
 81  
 (3) 
 -    
 84  
 10  
 -    
 71  
0.0% 
Total Covid-19 more exposed 
industries 
 10 552  
 (492) 
 1 287  
 11 045  
 1 112  
 (118) 
 9 441  
5.7% 
Covid-19 less exposed industries 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Manufacturing 
 12 029  
 759  
 2 779  
 11 270  
 743  
 33  
 11 286  
6.5% 
Wholesale 
 12 117  
 3 234  
 3 329  
 8 882  
 973  
 63  
 11 144  
6.6% 
Construction 
 750  
 -    
 -    
 750  
 13  
 (13) 
 737  
0.4% 
Transport, warehousing and 
communications 
 4 043  
 (335) 
 -    
 4 378  
 86  
 (130) 
 3 958  
2.2% 
Information technologies and 
communication 
 63  
 -    
 -    
 63  
 -    
 -    
 63  
0.0% 
Professional, science and technical 
services 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
0.0% 
Forestry 
 418  
 (29) 
 -    
 447  
 80  
 23  
 338  
0.2% 
Electricity, gas and water utilities 
 410  
 (48) 
 -    
 458  
 41  
 (7) 
 369  
0.2% 
Real estate 
 350  
 (16) 
 -    
 366  
 35  
 (5) 
 314  
0.2% 
Health and social care 
 -    
 (500) 
 -    
 500  
 -    
 (12) 
 -    
0.0% 
Other industries  
 122  
 (416) 
 1  
 539  
 8  
 (32) 
 116  
0.1% 
Total Covid-19 less exposed 
industries 
 30 302  
 2 649  
 6 109  
 27 653  
 1 979  
 (80) 
 28 325  
16.4% 
Total specific COVID-19 related 
guarantee products * 
 40 854  
 2 157  
 7 396  
 38 698  
 3 091  
 (198) 
 37 766  
22.2% 
 
* Includes SME loan credit holiday guarantees, portfolio guarantees and SME and Midcap companies loan holiday guarantees

--- Page 363 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
43 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(3) COVID-19 impact (cont’d) 
(ii) Covid-19 impact on guarantee portfolio (cont’d) 
Split of daily (ordinary) guarantee product portfolio of the SME and Midcap client segment by industries as at 30 June 2021, in 
thousands euro: 
  
Gross 
outstanding 
guarantees 
Changes 
to 
31.12.2020. 
Issued in 
2021 6M 
Issued in 
2020 
12M 
Impairment 
allowance 
Changes 
to 
31.12.2020. 
Net 
outstanding 
guarantees 
 % of Total 
gross 
outstanding 
guarantees, 
SME & 
Midcap 
Covid-19 more exposed industries 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Hotels and restaurants 
 721  
 (144) 
 -    
 -    
 56  
 (42) 
 665  
0.4% 
Retail 
 5 951  
 234  
 664  
 917  
 439  
 (8) 
 5 512  
3.2% 
Land transport services 
 4 872  
 1 950  
 2 022  
 612  
 439  
 81  
 4 433  
2.6% 
Art, entertainment and leasure 
 484  
 179  
 183  
 96  
 37  
 16  
 447  
0.3% 
Total Covid-19 more exposed 
industries 
 12 028  
 2 219  
 2 869  
 1 625  
 971  
 47  
 11 057  
6.5% 
Covid-19 less exposed industries 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Manufacturing 
 42 724  
 (3 384) 
 4 364  
 12 365  
 3 328  
 (450) 
 39 396  
23.2% 
Wholesale 
 32 444  
 (300) 
 4 461  
 12 060  
 1 658  
 (79) 
 30 786  
17.6% 
Construction 
 29 482  
 (4 925) 
 1 086  
 8 288  
 2 606  
 (865) 
 26 876  
16.0% 
Transport, warehousing and 
communications 
 2 403  
 293  
 470  
 405  
 268  
 19  
 2 134  
1.3% 
Information technologies and 
communication 
 3 600  
 753  
 816  
 201  
 183  
 33  
 3 417  
2.0% 
Professional, science and technical 
services 
 5 471  
 224  
 414  
 2 788  
 437  
 129  
 5 034  
3.0% 
Forestry 
 9 203  
 692  
 464  
 5 891  
 536  
 22  
 8 666  
5.0% 
Electricity, gas and water utilities 
 990  
 (1 962) 
 300  
 280  
 56  
 (464) 
 933  
0.5% 
Real estate 
 3 971  
 198  
 122  
 869  
 118  
 (56) 
 3 854  
2.2% 
Health and social care 
 633  
 (70) 
 57  
 100  
 95  
 20  
 538  
0.3% 
Other industries  
 561  
 (264) 
 181  
 180  
 54  
 (43) 
 508  
0.3% 
Total Covid-19 less exposed 
industries 
 131 482  
 (8 745) 
 12 735  
 43 427  
 9 339  
 (1 734) 
 122 142  
71.3% 
Total daily (ordinary) guarantee 
products 
 143 510  
 (6 526) 
 15 604  
 45 052  
 10 310  
 (1 687) 
 133 199  
77.8% 
 
For daily (ordinary) guarantee product portfolio the guarantee application assessment process, including, accepted credit 
risk level, eligible credit rating of the client, expected debt service capacity has not been lowered by Covid-19 situation. The 
same guarantee application assessment process applies to specific Covid-19 related support instruments. 
About 30% of the SME and Midcap segment as of 30.06.2021 consists of guarantees in the manufacturing sector. In the first 6 
months of 2021, the growth of manufacturing companies has generally continued. Given the constraints on the entertainment, 
catering, tourism and other services sectors, public consumption trends are significantly affected and most of the income is 
directed to the purchase of various goods. The sub-sector that is experiencing the sharpest fluctuations is wood processing, 
as the trend of the second half of 2020 continues with rapidly rising sales prices, and profit indicators are increasing 
accordingly. However, the availability of raw materials, in connection with the economic sanctions against Belarus, as well as 
the possible sharp decline in the price of products on the basis of demand adjustments, poses additional risks to companies 
in the sector. The sufficiently good results of the manufacturing industry in 2021 are also shown by the macroeconomic 
indicators - the output of exported goods continues to increase in almost all sub-sectors. Therefore, it can be concluded that 
the negative impact of Covid-19 on the operations of the companies in the sector has been insignificant. 
The second largest sector in terms of size of the guarantee portfolio (around 24%) in the SME and Midcap segment is trading. 
In the wholesale sector, similarly to the manufacturing sector, the impact of the Covid-19 crisis, including in the first 6 months 
of 2021, has varied depending on the sub-sector. For example, wholesalers of various raw materials and equipment have 
closed 2020 with very good results, and they have been able to improve their performance thanks to the growth of the 
manufacturing sector in 2021 as well. Timber wholesalers have been less successful, having had to cope with the fall in demand 
caused by BREXIT in addition to the breaks in logistics chains caused by Covid-19. However, at the end of 2020, a large number 
of timber wholesalers had found new outlets in Asian countries, as well as the ability to close the year without significant losses 
due to rising timber prices worldwide. This trend will continue in the first 6 months of 2021, but the challenges for the industry 
are similar to those for the wood processing industry. The first 6 months of 2021 have been slightly more successful for fuel and

--- Page 364 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
44 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(3) COVID-19 impact (cont’d) 
(ii) Covid-19 impact on guarantee portfolio (cont’d) 
fuel traders, as they have been able to take advantage of the positive effect of rising prices, but in general the industry has 
not fully recovered from the losses caused by the Covid-19 crisis in 2020. On the positive side, most companies in this sector 
have sufficiently high equity ratios and owners with the ability to financially support companies. In the retail segment, the first 
half of 2021 was challenging for all sub-sectors, except for trade in pharmaceuticals, food products and household goods. 
Due to store restrictions, many retailers of clothing, footwear, cosmetics, jewelry and other product groups have major 
challenges in covering their day-to-day expenses and selling existing inventory to renew their assortment. 
The third largest sector in terms of the size of the guarantee portfolio (around 16%) in the SME and Midcap segment is 
construction. The Covid-19 crisis affected the sector both directly and indirectly. Due to travel restrictions and illness of 
employees, the construction process was delayed in many companies and the company's cash flow suffered accordingly. In 
addition, suppliers changed the delivery terms by switching to prepayment and upsetting the usual project financing balance. 
Many of the industries directly affected by Covid-19 abandoned construction projects or postponed them. However, overall, 
the first 6 months of 2021 show good results for the industry, as frozen projects have been revived and, following the peak of 
the frozen consumption crisis, demand has risen sharply from both institutional and private customers, leading to rising prices 
and rising profits. The easing of travel conditions also allows Latvian companies to return to the Scandinavian market.

--- Page 365 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
45 
 
4 Interest income 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
 
01.01.2021.-
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2020.- 
30.06.2020. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2021.- 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2020.- 
30.06.2020. 
(unaudited) 
Interest on loans and guarantees 
 9 068  
 6 521  
 9 068  
 6 521  
Interest on securities at fair value 
 238  
 749  
 238  
 749  
Interest on securities at amortised cost  
 12  
 10  
 12  
 10  
Other interest income 
 -    
 13  
 -    
 13  
Total interest income 
 9 318  
 7 293  
 9 318  
 7 293  
 
The Group’s / Company’s sub-item Interest income on loans and guarantees does not include interest income from loans and 
premium income on issued guarantees as well as commissions which, in accordance with the program agreements 
concluded with the Ministry of Economics, stipulates that the funding allocated by the Ministry of Economics (recognized in 
balance sheet item Support Programs Funding) must be increased by the respective program income. Accordingly, this type 
of income is not recognized as interest income, but is recognized as an increase in Support Programs Funding which in the 6 
months of 2021 amounts to EUR 686 thousand (6 months of 2020: EUR 651 thousand). 
5 Interest expense 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
 
01.01.2021.-
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2020.- 
30.06.2020. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2021.- 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2020.- 
30.06.2020. 
(unaudited) 
Interest on balances due to credit institutions 
 343  
 291  
 343  
 291  
Interest on issued debt securities 
 404  
 333  
 404  
 333  
Allocation of state support programmes’ profit to support programme funding * 
 261  
 332  
 261  
 332  
Other commission expense 
 12  
 18  
 12  
 18  
Total interest expense 
 1 020  
 974  
 1 020  
 974  
 
* For particular state support programmes according to respective agreements concluded with the Ministry of Economics the 
net profit of the programme should be split between the Group / Company and the Ministry of Economics by increasing public 
funding given by the Ministry of Economics (recognised as Support programme funding in the Balance sheet). 
6 Income for implementation of state support 
programmes 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
01.01.2021.-
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2020.-
30.06.2020. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2021.-
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2020.-
30.06.2020. 
(unaudited) 
Compensation of expenses for management of state support programmes 
 1 207  
 1 001  
 1 207  
 1 001  
Compensation of venture capital fund management fees 
 1 669  
 1 467  
 1 669  
 1 467  
Compensation of expenses for management of state support programmes of the 
previous years 
 -    
 332  
 -    
 332  
Compensation of expenses of capital congestion 
 200  
 100  
 200  
 100  
Total income from implementation of state support programmes 
 3 076  
 2 900  
 3 076  
 2 900

--- Page 366 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
46 
 
7 
Expenses to be compensated for implementation 
of state support programmes 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
01.01.2021.-
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2020.- 
30.06.2020. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2021.- 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2020.- 
30.06.2020. 
(unaudited) 
Compensated staff costs 
 753  
 819  
 753  
 819  
Compensated administrative expense 
 147  
 182  
 147  
 182  
Compensated venture capital fund management fees 
 1 699  
 1 469  
 1 699  
 1 469  
Total compensated expense for implementation of state support programmes 
 2 599  
 2 470  
 2 599  
 2 470  
8 
Other income 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
 
01.01.2021.-
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2020.- 
30.06.2020. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2021.- 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2020.- 
30.06.2020. 
(unaudited) 
Income from lease payments for operating leases 
 674  
 460  
 674  
 460  
Income from payments for financial leases 
 3  
 316  
 3  
 316  
Income from investment property revaluation 
 -    
 10  
 -    
 10  
Income from sale of investment property 
 36  
 27  
 36  
 27  
Income from sale of repossessed collateral 
 5  
 13  
 5  
 13  
Other commission income 
 13  
 3  
 13  
 3  
Income from investments in the AIF "Altum capital fund" 
 40  
 -    
 40  
 -    
Income from investments in the Three Seas Initiative Investment Fund 
 39  
 -    
 39  
 -    
Income from management of the AIF “Altum capital fund” 
 279  
 -    
 279  
 -    
Other operating income 
 157  
 567  
 157  
 567  
Total other income 
 1 246  
 1 396  
 1 246  
 1 396  
9 
Other expense 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
 
01.01.2021.-
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2020.- 
30.06.2020. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2021.- 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2020.- 
30.06.2020. 
(unaudited) 
Maintenance and service costs of Land Fund 
 174  
 143  
 174  
 143  
Debt collection costs 
 60  
 76  
 60  
 76  
Maintenance costs of repossessed collateral 
 -    
 3  
 -    
 3  
Revaluation of repossessed collateral 
 -    
 27  
 -    
 27  
Depreciation of right-of-use assets 
 73  
 68  
 73  
 68  
Commission expense on investments in securities 
 40  
 45  
 40  
 45  
AIF “Altum capital fund” management costs 
 279  
 -    
 279  
 -    
Loss from investments in subsidiaries 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Other commission expense 
 1  
 1  
 1  
 1  
Total other expense 
 627  
 363  
 627  
 363

--- Page 367 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
47 
 
10 Impairment losses, net 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
 
01.01.2021.-
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2020.- 
30.06.2020. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2021.- 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2020.- 
30.06.2020. 
(unaudited) 
Impairment losses on: 
 4 981  
 8 277  
 4 981  
 8 277  
Loans, net 
 2 851  
 4 279  
 2 851  
 4 279  
impairment losses 
 4 036  
 6 744  
 4 036  
 6 744  
impairment losses covered by Portfolio Loss Reserve 
 1 169  
-  
 1 169  
-  
impairment losses covered by Risk Coverage Reserve 
 (1 185) 
 (2 465) 
 (1 185) 
 (2 465) 
Disbursed guarantee compensations 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
impairment losses  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
impairment losses covered by risk coverage reserve 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Grants 
 3  
 -    
 3  
 -    
Other assets 
 8  
 -    
 8  
 -    
Due from credit institutions and the Treasury 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Financial assets related to loan agreements 
 20  
 2  
 20  
 2  
Debt securities 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Guarantees, net 
 1 660  
 3 383  
 1 660  
 3 383  
impairment losses  
 6 701  
 6 975  
 6 701  
 6 975  
impairment losses covered by Portfolio Loss Reserve 
 1 219  
-  
 1 219  
-  
impairment losses covered by Risk Coverage Reserve 
 (5 041) 
 (3 592) 
 (5 041) 
 (3 592) 
Loan commitments, net 
 396  
 613  
 396  
 613  
impairment losses  
 482  
 770  
 482  
 770  
impairment losses covered by Portfolio Loss Reserve 
 99  
-  
 99  
-  
impairment losses covered by Risk Coverage Reserve 
 (86) 
 (157) 
 (86) 
 (157) 
Grant commitments 
 43  
 -    
 43  
 -    
Reversal of impairment on: 
 (5 478) 
 (4 848) 
 (5 478) 
 (4 848) 
Loans, net 
 (2 115) 
 (2 309) 
 (2 115) 
 (2 309) 
reversal of impairment 
 (3 158) 
 (2 648) 
 (3 158) 
 (2 648) 
reversal of impairment covered by Portfolio Loss Reserve 
 (744) 
-  
 (744) 
-  
reversal of impairment covered by Risk Coverage Reserve 
 1 043  
 339  
 1 043  
 339  
Disbursed guarantee compensations 
 (12) 
 (88) 
 (12) 
 (88) 
reversal of impairment 
 (29) 
 (96) 
 (29) 
 (96) 
reversal of impairment covered by Portfolio Loss Reserve 
 (3) 
-  
 (3) 
-  
reversal of impairment covered by Risk Coverage Reserve 
 17  
 8  
 17  
 8  
Grants 
 (20) 
 -    
 (20) 
 -    
Other assets 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Due from credit institutions and the Treasury 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Financial assets related to loan agreements 
 (13) 
 -    
 (13) 
 -    
Debt securities 
 (11) 
 -    
 (11) 
 -    
Guarantees, net 
 (3 091) 
 (2 235) 
 (3 091) 
 (2 235) 
reversal of impairment 
 (7 081) 
 (5 520) 
 (7 081) 
 (5 520) 
reversal of impairment covered by Portfolio Loss Reserve 
 (772) 
-  
 (772) 
-  
reversal of impairment covered by Risk Coverage Reserve 
 3 990  
 3 285  
 3 990  
 3 285  
Loan commitments, net 
 (209) 
 (216) 
 (209) 
 (216) 
reversal of impairment 
 (234) 
 (375) 
 (234) 
 (375) 
reversal of impairment covered by Portfolio Loss Reserve 
 (89) 
-  
 (89) 
-  
reversal of impairment covered by Risk Coverage Reserve 
 25  
 159  
 25  
 159  
Grant commitments 
 (7) 
 -    
 (7) 
 -    
Total impairment losses / (reversal), net 
 (497) 
 3 429  
 (497) 
 3 429  
Recovery of loans written off in previous periods 
 (393) 
 (497) 
 (393) 
 (497) 
Total impairment losses and (income) from recovery of loans written-off 
 (890) 
 2 932  
 (890) 
 2 932  
 
Additional information Including on impairment allowances covered by Portfolio Loss Reserve (Special Reserve Capital) upon 
approval of the 2021 annual report available in Note 3.1.

--- Page 368 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
48 
 
11 Due from credit institutions and the Treasury 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
Due from credit institutions and State Treasury 
 385 119  
 359 949  
 385 119  
 359 949  
cash and cash equivalent 
 385 120  
 359 949  
 385 120  
 359 949  
Impairment allowances 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Net due from credit institutions and State Treasury 
 385 119  
 359 949  
 385 119  
 359 949  
 
Placing the funds within the Treasury of the Republic of Latvia and credit institutions, the external credit ratings assigned to 
these credit institutions are evaluated. The evaluation of the credit institutions not having been assigned individual ratings is 
based on the ratings assigned to their parent banks as well as their financial and operational assessments. Once the contracts 
have been concluded, the Group / Company monitors the credit institutions and follows that the assigned limits comply with 
credit risk assessment. All balances due from credit institutions and State Treasury represent Stage 1 for the ECL calculation 
purposes. There were no changes in staging during the reporting period. 
Breakdown of the Group’s balances due from credit institutions and the Treasury by credit rating categories based on Moody's 
ratings or their equivalent, in thousands of euro: 
Ratings 
Aaa 
Aa1-
Aa3 
A1-A3 
Baa1-
Baa3 
Ba1-Ba3 
B1-B3 
Caa-C 
Withdrawn 
rating 
(WR) 
Total 
Due from credit institutions registered in the 
Republic of Latvia and the Treasury 
 -    
 3 965  
 336 739  
 9 561  
 9 684  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 359 949  
Total gross as at 31 December 2020 
(audited) 
 -    
 3 965  
 336 739  
 9 561  
 9 684  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 359 949  
Due from credit institutions registered in the 
Republic of Latvia and the Treasury 
 -  
 3 021  
 360 811  
 12 238  
 9 049  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 385 119  
Total gross as at 30 June 2021 (unaudited) 
 -  
 3 021  
 360 811  
 12 238  
 9 049  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 385 119  
 
Breakdown of the Company’s balances due from credit institutions and the Treasury by credit rating categories based on 
Moody's ratings or their equivalent, in thousands of euro: 
Ratings 
Aaa 
Aa1-
Aa3 
A1-A3 
Baa1-
Baa3 
Ba1-Ba3 
B1-B3 
Caa-C 
Withdrawn 
rating 
(WR) 
Total 
Due from credit institutions registered in the 
Republic of Latvia and the Treasury 
 -    
 3 965  
 336 739  
 9 561  
 9 684  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 359 949  
Total gross as at 31 December 2020 
(audited) 
 -    
 3 965  
 336 739  
 9 561  
 9 684  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 359 949  
Due from credit institutions registered in the 
Republic of Latvia and the Treasury 
 -    
 3 021  
 360 811  
 12 238  
 9 049  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 385 119  
Total gross as at 30 June 2021 (unaudited) 
 -    
 3 021  
 360 811  
 12 238  
 9 049  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 385 119  
 
The increase in the Group's / Company's position Due from credit institutions and the Treasury is related to the funding received 
from the Ministry of Economics and the European Investment Bank for the implementation of state support programs to 
mitigate the effects of Covid-19. 
As at 30 June 2021, the Group / Company held accounts with 4 banks and the Treasury of the Republic of Latvia.  The average 
interest rate on balances of position Due from credit institutions and the Treasury as at 30 June 2021 was -0.01% (31 December 
2020: 0%).

--- Page 369 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
49 
 
12 Investments in Associates and Other investments 
The Group’s / Company’s investments in associates based on information provided by venture capital fund managers, in 
thousands of euro: 
 
 
Equity of venture capital fund 
Carrying Amount 
Company or venture capital fund generation 
Country of incorporation 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
The 1st generation VCFs  
LV 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
The 2nd generation VCFs 
LV 
 17 223  
 19 652  
 12 348  
 12 953  
The 3rd generation VCFs 
LV 
 14 381  
 16 974  
 15 840  
 16 376  
The 4th generation VCFs 
LV 
 8 446  
 6 459  
 5 183  
 3 640  
AIF “Altum capital fund” * 
LV 
 10 175  
 138  
 4 977  
 -    
Baltic Innovation Fund * 
LU 
 85 544  
 79 570  
 15 857  
 15 019  
Total investments in associates 
  
 135 769  
 122 793  
 54 205  
 47 988  
 
* Investments in Associates are stated under the equity method, except for investments in Baltic Innovation Fund and AIF “Altum capital 
fund” that are valued using the FVTPL method. 
 
As at 30 June 2021 the total venture capital funds’ portfolio value at cost value was EUR 83,620 thousand (31 December 2020: 
EUR 73,165 thousand). 
Movement in the Group’s / Company’s investments in associates, in thousands of euro: 
 
Investments in venture 
capital funds 
Investments in AIF “Altum 
capital fund” 
Investments in Baltic 
Innovation Fund 
Total 
 
01.01.2021.-
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2020.-
30.06.2020. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2021.-
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2020.-
30.06.2020. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2021.-
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2020.-
30.06.2020. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2021.-
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2020.-
30.06.2020. 
(unaudited) 
Carrying amount at the beginning 
of period 
 32 969  
 38 442  
 -    
 -    
 15 019  
 13 851  
 47 988  
 52 293  
Invested 
 1 543  
 72  
 4 825  
 -    
 1 108  
 2 246  
 7 628  
 2 318  
Refunded 
 (1 990) 
 (2 658) 
 -    
 -    
 (317) 
 -    
 (2 307) 
 (2 658) 
Reclassified (increase of support 
programme funding, see Note 20) 
 824  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 824  
 -    
Received interest and realised 
gain / (loss) on exit 
 (404)    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 47  
 -    
 (357)  
 -    
Share of net gain / (loss) of 
investment in associate 
 153 
 (2 421) 
 152    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 305  
 (2 421) 
Net carrying amount at the period 
ended at 30 June (unaudited) 
 33 371  
 33 435  
 4 977  
 -    
 15 857  
 16 097  
 54 205  
 49 532  
Invested 
 -    
 1 474  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 883  
 -    
 2 357  
Refunded 
 -    
 (3 537) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (2 499) 
 -    
 (6 036) 
Received interest and  realised 
gain on exit 
 -    
 1 271  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 250  
 -    
 1 521  
Share of net gain of investment in 
associate 
 -    
 326  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 326  
Remeasurement gain of 
investment in associate at fair 
value through profit or loss  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 288  
 -    
 288  
Net carrying amount at the period 
ended at 31 December (audited) 
 -  
 32 969  
 -  
 -    
 -  
 15 019  
 -    
 47 988  
 
 
The Group’s / Company’s share of gain of investment in associate and other investments, in thousands of euro: 
Investments in venture capital 
funds 
Investments in AIF “Altum 
capital fund” 
Investments in Baltic 
Innovation Fund 
Total 
 
01.01.2021.-
30.06.2021. 
01.01.2020.-
30.06.2020. 
01.01.2021.-
30.06.2021. 
01.01.2020.-
30.06.2020. 
01.01.2021.-
30.06.2021. 
01.01.2020.-
30.06.2020. 
01.01.2021.-
30.06.2021. 
01.01.2020.-
30.06.2020. 
 
(unaudited) 
(unaudited) 
(unaudited) 
(unaudited) 
(unaudited) 
(unaudited) 
(unaudited) 
(unaudited) 
Management fee 
-    
-    
(181) 
-    
(63) 
-    
(244) 
-    
Net profit from revaluation of 
investments in associates and other 
investments 
154  
2 018  
151  
-    
85  
-    
390  
2 018  
Total  
154  
2 018  
(30) 
-    
22  
-    
146  
2 018

--- Page 370 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
50 
 
12 Investments in Associates (cont’d) 
In the 6 months of 2021, the Group’s / Company’s expenses included: 
▪ Management fees for the 2nd and 3rd generation venture capital funds amounted EUR 337 thousand (6 months of 2020: 
EUR 459 thousand) which were compensated from the risk coverage reserve (see Note 20); 
▪ Management fees for the 4th generation venture capital funds amounted EUR 419 thousand (6 months of 2020: EUR 384 
thousand) which were compensated from the risk coverage reserve (see Note 20); 
▪ Management fees for the Baltic Innovation Fund amounted EUR 92 thousand (6 months of 2020: EUR 47 thousand) which 
were compensated from the risk coverage reserve (see Note 20); 
▪ Management fees for the AIF “Altum capital fund” amounted EUR 278 thousand (6 months of 2020: 0) (see Note 22). 
Part of disbursements made into the 4th generation venture capital funds are classified as Investments in subsidiaries (detailed 
information is available in Note 1) and management fees of such funds amounted EUR 681 thousand (6 months of 2020: EUR 
605 thousand) which were compensated from the Risk Coverage reserve (see Note 20). 
13 Other Investments 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
Baltic Innovation Fund II 
 1 503  
 806  
 1 503  
 806  
Three Seas Initiatives Investment Fund 
 6 815  
 6 697  
 6 815  
 6 697  
Total other investments 
 8 318  
 7 503  
 8 318  
 7 503  
 
Baltic Innovation Fund 2 (BIF 2) is a EUR 156,000 thousand Fund-of-Funds initiative launched by the European Investment Fund 
(EIF) in co-operation with the Baltic national promotional institutions – KredEx (Estonia), Altum (Latvia) and Invega (Lithuania). 
BIF 2 continues to sustain investments into private equity and venture capital funds focused on the Baltic States to boost equity 
investments into SMEs with high growth potential. The Group / Company signed agreement on BIF 2 on 16 August 2019. The 
total capital committed by the Group / Company to the BIF2 is EUR 26,500 thousand thus arriving at the ownership rate 16.99% 
of the total committed capital of the BIF 2 (EUR 156,000 thousand). 
The Three Seas Initiative Investment Fund is a new financial instrument for financing and developing infrastructure projects in 
12 countries, including Latvia, aimed at reducing infrastructure development gaps between different European regions. The 
Three Seas Initiative Investment Fund is a new financial instrument to support transport, energy and digitalization infrastructure 
projects in Central and Eastern Europe. The Group / Company signed the subscription agreement on 16 September 2020. The 
total capital committed by the Group / Company to the Three Seas Initiative Investment Fund is EUR 20,000 thousand thus 
arriving at the ownership rate of 2.19% on 30 June 2021 (31 December 2020: 3.57%) of the total committed capital the Three 
Seas Initiative Investment Fund (30 June 2021: EUR 913,000 thousand, 31 December 2020: EUR 560,000 thousand). 
14 Loans 
The loans granted constitute the Group’s / Company’s balances due from residents of Latvia. 
The Group’s / Company’s loans by the borrower profile, in thousands of euro: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
SME and Midcaps 
 181 253  
 168 262  
 181 253  
 168 262  
Agriculture 
 132 896  
 124 297  
 132 896  
 124 297  
Private individuals 
 7 388  
 8 025  
 7 388  
 8 025  
Financial Intermediaries 
 1 738  
 1 897  
 1 738  
 1 897  
Land Fund 
 34 263  
 31 500  
 34 263  
 31 500  
Total gross loans 
 357 538  
 333 981  
 357 538  
 333 981  
Impairment allowances 
 (22 205) 
 (20 713) 
 (22 205) 
 (20 713) 
Total net loans 
 335 333  
 313 268  
 335 333  
 313 268

--- Page 371 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
51 
 
14 Loans (cont’d) 
Breakdown of the Group’s / Company's loans by industries, in thousands of euro: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
Agriculture and forestry 
 172 626  
 155 682  
 172 626  
 155 682  
Manufacturing 
 72 550  
 67 807  
 72 550  
 67 807  
Retail and wholesale 
 26 662  
 32 378  
 26 662  
 32 378  
Real estate 
 11 710  
 9 328  
 11 710  
 9 328  
Construction 
 11 624  
 10 273  
 11 624  
 10 273  
Municipal authorities 
 9 038  
 8 328  
 9 038  
 8 328  
Hotels and restaurants 
 8 646  
 8 214  
 8 646  
 8 214  
Electricity, gas and water utilities 
 6 775  
 7 097  
 6 775  
 7 097  
Transport, warehousing and communications 
 6 806  
 5 227  
 6 806  
 5 227  
Professional, science and technical services 
 4 979  
 4 878  
 4 979  
 4 878  
Health and social care 
 4 867  
 4 479  
 4 867  
 4 479  
Information technologies and communication 
 3 530  
 3 073  
 3 530  
 3 073  
Fishing 
 1 809  
 1 647  
 1 809  
 1 647  
Other industries  
 8 517  
 7 545  
 8 517  
 7 545  
Private individuals 
 7 399  
 8 025  
 7 399  
 8 025  
Total gross loans 
 357 538  
 333 981  
 357 538  
 333 981  
Impairment allowances 
 (22 205) 
 (20 713) 
 (22 205) 
 (20 713) 
Total net loans 
 335 333  
 313 268  
 335 333  
 313 268  
 
Movement in the Group’s / Company’s impairment allowances, in thousands of euro: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
01.01.2021.-
30.06.2021. 
01.01.2020.-
31.12.2020. 
01.01.2021.-
30.06.2021. 
01.01.2020.-
31.12.2020. 
Impairment allowances at the beginning of the period 
 20 713  
 20 283  
 20 713  
 20 283  
Increase in impairment allowances (Note 10) 
 4 036  
 6 665  
 4 036  
 6 665  
Decrease in impairment allowances (Note 10) 
 (3 158) 
 (2 648) 
 (3 158) 
 (2 648) 
Write-off of loans  
 -    
 (3 392) 
 -    
 (3 392) 
Reclassification (increase of impairment allowances due to changes in off-balance 
sheet and balance sheet) 
 614  
 79  
 614  
 79  
Currency change 
 -    
 -    
  
 -    
Impairment allowances at the end of the period ended 30 June (unaudited) 
 22 205  
 20 987  
 22 205  
 20 987  
Group’s / Company’s share of impairment allowances 
 12 450  
 12 945  
 12 450  
 12 945  
Impairment allowances covered by Portfolio Loss Reserve 
 
 
 
 
Impairment allowances covered by Risk Coverage Reserve 
 6 848  
 6 799  
 6 848  
 6 799  
Increase in impairment allowances (Note 10) 
 -    
 4 796  
 -    
 4 796  
Decrease in impairment allowances (Note 10) 
 -    
 (5 482) 
 -    
 (5 482) 
Write-off of loans  
 -    
 (273) 
 -    
 (273) 
Reclassification (increase of impairment allowances due to changes in off-balance 
sheet and balance sheet) 
  
 685  
  
 685  
Currency change 
 -    
 -    
 -    
  
Impairment allowances at the end of the period ended 31 December (audited) 
 -    
 20 713  
 -    
 20 713  
Group’s / Company’s share of impairment allowances 
  
 11 860  
  
 11 860  
Impairment allowances covered by Portfolio Loss Reserve 
 
 
 
 
Impairment allowances covered by Risk Coverage Reserve 
 -    
 6 494  
 -    
 6 494  
 
As at 30 June 2021 the average annual interest rate for the loan portfolio of the Group / Company was 4.04% (31 December 
2020: 4.05%).

--- Page 372 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
52 
 
14 Loans (cont’d) 
Analysis of the loan amount, equalling to or exceeding EUR 1,000 thousand, issued to one customer: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
Number of customers 
 48  
 36  
 48  
 36  
Total credit exposure of customers (EUR ‘000) 
 75 281  
 62 821  
 75 281  
 62 821  
Percentage of total gross portfolio of loans 
22.55% 
18,81% 
22.55% 
18,81% 
15 Grants 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
Energy Efficiency Programme for Multi-apartment Buildings 
 39 040  
 30 053  
 39 040  
 30 053  
Social Entrepreneurship Programme 
 1 336  
 1 065  
 1 336  
 1 065  
Grants for development of energy efficiency projects 
 42  
 -    
 42  
 -    
Housing grant programme “Balsts” 
 1 062  
 164  
 1 062  
 164  
Total grants, gross 
 41 480  
 31 282  
 41 480  
 31 282  
Impairment allowances 
 (182) 
 (175) 
 (182) 
 (175) 
Total grants, net 
 41 298  
 31 107  
 41 298  
 31 107  
 
Movement in the Group’s / Company’s net book value of grants in 6 months of 2021, in thousands of euro: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(unaudited) 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(unaudited) 
Carrying amount 
  
  
  
  
Carrying amount at the beginning of period 
 31 107  
 17 198  
 31 107  
 17 198  
Changes 
 10 373  
 5 522  
 10 373  
 5 522  
Carrying amount at the end of period ended 30 June (unaudited) 
 41 480  
 22 720  
 41 480  
 22 720  
Impairment allowances  
  
  
  
 -    
At the beginning of period 
 (175) 
 (12) 
 (175) 
 (12) 
Changes 
 17  
 -    
 17  
 -    
Reclassification (increase of impairment allowances due to changes in off-balance 
sheet and balance sheet) 
 (24) 
 -    
 (24) 
 -    
At the end of period ended 30 June (unaudited) 
 (182) 
 (12) 
 (182) 
 (12) 
Grants net book at the beginning of the period 
 30 932  
 17 186  
 30 932  
 17 186  
Grants net book value at the end of the period ended 30 June (unaudited) 
 41 298  
 22 708  
 41 298  
 22 708  
Carrying amount 
  
  
  
  
Carrying amount at the beginning of period 
 -    
 22 720  
 -    
 22 720  
Changes 
 -    
 8 562  
 -    
 8 562  
Carrying amount at the end of period ended 31 December  
 -    
 31 282  
 -    
 31 282  
Impairment allowances  
  
  
  
 -    
At the beginning of period 
 -    
 (12) 
 -    
 (12) 
Changes 
 -    
 (163) 
 -    
 (163) 
At the end of period ended 31 December  
 -    
 (175) 
 -    
 (175) 
Grants net book at the beginning of the period 30 June (unaudited) 
 -    
 22 708  
 -    
 22 708  
Grants net book value at the end of the period ended 31 December (audited) 
 -    
 31 107  
 -    
 31 107

--- Page 373 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
53 
 
16 Investment Properties 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
Carrying amount at the beginning of period 
 36 758  
 24 366  
 36 758  
 24 366  
Acquired during the reporting period * 
 1 542  
 11 695  
 1 542  
 11 695  
Disposals during the reporting period 
 (152) 
 (40) 
 (152) 
 (40) 
Net gain from fair value adjustment  
 -    
 737  
 -    
 737  
Carrying amount at the end of the period  
 38 148  
 36 758  
 38 148  
 36 758  
 
* All acquisitions of investment properties made were related to the activities of the Land Fund programme. 
 
The Land Fund was established on 1 July 2015. According to the Cabinet of Ministers decree dated March 11, 2015, the Group 
/ Company is the manager of the Land Fund. The Law “On Land Privatisation in Rural Areas” stipulated establishment of the 
Land Fund. The Land Fund of Latvia is one of the tools used to ensure that agricultural land is preserved and used for agricultural 
purposes. 
17  Other Assets 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
Financial assets 
 6 480  
 5 603  
 6 480  
 5 568  
Other assets (repossessed collateral) 
 28  
 28  
 28  
 28  
Total other assets, gross 
 6 508  
 5 631  
 6 508  
 5 596  
Impairment allowances for financial assets 
 (2 293) 
 (1 960) 
 (2 293) 
 (1 960) 
Group’s / Company’s share of provisions 
 (1 416) 
 (1 078) 
 (1 416) 
 (1 078) 
Provisions covered by risk coverage 
 (877) 
 (882) 
 (877) 
 (882) 
Total financial assets, net 
 4 187  
 3 643  
 4 187  
 3 608  
Total other assets, net 
 4 215  
 3 671  
 4 215  
 3 636  
 
The Group’s / Company’s sub-item Other assets (repossessed collateral) includes assets that have been taken over in the debt 
collection process and are held to be sold in the ordinary course of business. 
 
Movement in the Group’s / Company’s net book value of financial assets in 6 months of 2021, in thousands of euro: 
 
Disbursed 
guarantee 
compensations 
Financial assets 
related to loan 
agreements 
Other financial 
assets 
Total 
Financial assets  
  
  
  
  
At the beginning of period 
 1 624  
 280  
 3 664  
 5 568  
Changes 
 316  
 582  
 14  
 912  
As at 30 June 2021 (unaudited) 
 1 940  
 862  
 3 678  
 6 480  
Impairment provision  
  
  
  
  
At the beginning of period 
 (1 624) 
 (169) 
 (167) 
 (1 960) 
Changes in impairment allowances 
 (316) 
 (87) 
 70  
 (333) 
As at 30 June 2021 (unaudited) 
 (1 940) 
 (255) 
 (97) 
 (2 292) 
Net book value at the beginning of period 
 -    
 111  
 3 497  
 3 608  
Net book value as at 30 June 2021 (unaudited) 
 -    
 606  
 3 581  
 4 187

--- Page 374 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
54 
 
17 Other Assets (cont’d) 
Movement in the Group’s / Company’s net book value of financial assets in 6 months of 2020, in thousands of euro: 
 
Disbursed 
guarantee 
compensations 
Financial assets 
related to loan 
agreements 
Other financial 
assets 
Total 
Financial assets  
  
  
  
  
At the beginning of period 
 2 361  
 163  
 3 571  
 6 095  
Changes 
 345  
 37  
 (119) 
 263  
As at 30 June 2020 (unaudited) 
 2 706  
 200  
 3 452  
 6 358  
Impairment provision  
  
  
  
  
At the beginning of period 
 (2 361) 
 (143) 
 (524) 
 (3 028) 
Changes in impairment allowances 
 (345) 
 -    
 -    
 (345) 
As at 30 June 2020 (unaudited) 
 (2 706) 
 (143) 
 (524) 
 (3 373) 
Net book value at the beginning of period 
 -    
 20  
 3 047  
 3 067  
Net book value as at 30 June 2020 (unaudited) 
 -    
 57  
 2 928  
 2 985  
18 Due to Credit Institutions 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
Due to credit institutions registered in OECD countries 
 61 509  
 65 855  
 61 509  
 65 855  
Total due to credit institutions 
 61 509  
 65 855  
 61 509  
 65 855  
 
Balances due to credit institutions registered in the OECD countries include loan received by the Group/Company from the 
European Investment Bank (EIB) of EUR 61,509 thousand (31 December 2020: EUR 65,855 thousand), of which EUR 16 thousand 
constitutes accrued interest expenses (31 December 2020: EUR 22 thousand). .  
On October 2, 2009, an agreement was signed with the European Investment Bank for a loan of EUR 100,000 thousand to 
finance projects under the SMEs Growth Loan Programme. As at 30 June 2021 the principal amount of the loan EUR 16,493 
thousand (31 December 2020: EUR 20,833 thousand), the accrued interest on the loan amounts to EUR 15,720 (31 December 
2020: EUR 22,424), the final repayment date 20 August 2024. The Ministry of Finance of the Republic of Latvia has issued a 
guarantee for the loan, as a collateral serves the commercial pledge to the right of the Company’s claims. As at 30 June 2021, 
the amount of the secured claim was EUR 16,509 thousand (31 December 2020: EUR 20,855 thousand). 
On July 8, 2020, Altum signed an agreement with the European Investment Bank for a loan of EUR 80,000 thousand to finance 
working capital loans to small and medium-sized enterprises affected by the Covid-19. As at 30 June 2021 the principal amount 
of the loan EUR 45,000 thousand (31 December 2020: EUR 45,000 thousand), the final repayment date 20 November 2025. As 
at 30 June 2021, according to the loan agreement the Company is available the financing in the amount of EUR 35,000 
thousand, the size and pace of its drawdown relates to the further volume of new loan transactions. The loan is unsecured. 
As at 30 June 2021, the average interest rate for the balances Due to credit institutions was 0.09% (31 December 2020: 0.11%). 
19 Due to General Governments 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
Loans received from Rural Support Service 
 3 321  
 4 046  
 3 321  
 4 046  
Loans received from the Treasury  
 106 597  
 99 474  
 106 597  
 99 474  
Total due to general governments 
 109 918  
 103 520  
 109 918  
 103 520

--- Page 375 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
55 
 
19 Due to General Governments (cont’d) 
Item Loans from Rural Support Service includes the financing to the Loan Fund, which was established in 2010 for the purpose 
to issue the loans to the agricultural and fisheries beneficiaries via financial intermediaries. As at 30 June 2021 the Group / 
Company liabilities to Rural Support Service consist of the principal amount of EUR 3,104 thousand (31 December 2020: EUR 
3,829 thousand) and accrued interest – EUR 217 thousand (31 December 2020: EUR 217 thousand). The final repayment date 
is 31 December 2025. The loan from Rural Support Service is unsecured. 
Item Loans received from the Treasury includes the loans received by the Group / Company for the implementation the 
following loan programmes: 
▪ Agricultural land acquisition programme: as at 30 June 2021 the principal amount of the loan EUR 63,616 thousand 
(31 December 2020: EUR 72,513 thousand), the final repayment date 20 January 2058. As a collateral serves the commercial 
pledge to the right of the Company’s claims resulting from loans granted by the Group / Company under the programme. 
As at 30 June 2021, according to the loan agreement the Company is available the financing in the amount of EUR 36,384 
thousand, the size and pace of its drawdown relates to the further volume of new loan transactions. As at 30 June 2021, 
the amount of the secured claim was EUR 76,339 thousand (31December 2020: EUR 72,514 thousand). 
▪ SME development programme: as at 30 June 2021 the principal amount of the loan EUR 27,423 thousand (31 December 
2020: EUR 17,040 thousand), the final repayment date 20 December 2043. As a collateral serves the commercial pledge to 
the right of the Company’s claims resulting from loans granted by the Group / Company under the programme. As at 30 
June 2021, according to the loan agreement the Company still is available the financing in the amount of EUR 27,577 
thousand, the size and pace of its drawdown relates to the further volume of new loan transactions. As at 30 June 2021, 
the amount of the secured claim was EUR 32,908 thousand (31December 2020: EUR 20,449 thousand). 
▪ Parallel loan programme: as at 30 June 2021 the principal amount of the loan EUR 4,600 thousand (31 December 2020: 
absorption had not started), the final repayment date 20 January 2039. As a collateral serves the commercial pledge to 
the right of the Company’s claims resulting from loans granted by the Group / Company under the programme. As at 30 
June 2021, according to the loan agreement the Company still is available the financing in the amount of EUR 15,400 
thousand, the size and pace of its drawdown relates to the further volume of new loan transactions. As at 30 June 2021, 
the amount of the secured claim was EUR 5,520 thousand. 
▪ Programme of Small Loans for Rural Areas: as at 30 June 2021 the principal amount of the loan EUR 1,037 thousand, the 
final repayment date 31 January 2039. As a collateral serves the commercial pledge to the right of the Company’s claims 
resulting from loans granted by the Group / Company under the programme. As at 30 June 2021, according to the loan 
agreement the Company still is available the financing in the amount of EUR 4,963 thousand, the size and pace of the 
drawdown the loan relates to the further volume of new loan transactions. As at 30 June 2021, the amount of the secured 
claim was EUR 1,244 thousand. 
▪ Latvian Land Fund (the financing for the Fund’s transactions): the loan amount has been used in 2020 and as at 30 June 
2021 the principal amount of the loan EUR 9,919 thousand (31 December 2020: EUR 9,919 thousand), the final repayment 
date 29 December 2028. As a collateral serves the mortgage on the real estate purchased with the financing received 
under the loan. As at 30 June 2021, the amount of registered mortgage was EUR 10,269 thousand (31 December 2020: EUR 
10,269 thousand). 
As at 30 June 2021 the accrued interest on the loans received from the Treasury amounts to EUR 1,605 (31 December 2020: 
EUR 1,743). 
The Company has also concluded the following loan agreements with the Treasury, the absorption of which has not been 
started until June 30, 2021: 
▪ Micro Loans and Star-up Loans programme: the amount of the loan agreement EUR 23,000 thousand, the final repayment 
date 20 January 2029, commercial pledge on the Company’s claims for the loans under the programme. The size and 
pace of the drawdown the loan relates to the further volume of new loan transactions. The maximum amount of the 
secured claim is EUR 27,600 thousand. 
▪ Working capital loan programme for farmers: the amount of the loan agreement EUR 25,612 thousand, the final repayment 
date 30 June 2025, commercial pledge on the Company’s claims for the loans under the programme. The size and pace 
of the drawdown the loan relates to the further volume of new loan transactions. The maximum secured claim is EUR 30,734 
thousand.

--- Page 376 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
56 
 
20 Support programme funding 
The Group’s / Company’s information on the risk coverage reserve included in the support programme funding and state aid, 
which can be used for covering the Group’s / Company’s credit risk losses as at 30 June 2021, in thousands of euro: 
Financial Instrument / Programme 
Programme 
funding 
Credit risk 
coverage 
Provisions 
covered by risk 
coverage 
Net 
programme 
funding 
Loans 
  
  
  
  
ERDF II 
 2 038  
 1 788  
 (454) 
 1 584  
ESF II 
 1 005  
 181  
 (77) 
 928  
Microcredits of Swiss programme 
 1 082  
 207  
 (7) 
 1 075  
ERDF I 
 116  
 84  
 (6) 
 110  
ESF I 
 324  
 38  
 (30) 
 294  
ERDF II (second round) 
 5 763  
 331  
 (58) 
 5 705  
Incubators (from ESF II) 
 82  
 6  
 -    
 82  
ERAF II 2 Public fund 
 285  
 58  
 (14) 
 271  
Fund of Funds programme – Start-up loans  
 2 730  
 2 730  
 (300) 
 2 430  
Fund of Funds programme – Microcredits 
 298  
 298  
 (21) 
 277  
Fund of Funds programme – Parallel loans 
 4 298  
 4 298  
 (3 267) 
 1 031  
Energy Efficiency Programme for Multi-apartment Buildings Loans 
 3 699  
 3 495  
 (77) 
 3 622  
Start-up State Aid Cumulation Lending Programme  
 1 972  
 1 972  
 (387) 
 1 585  
Other loans to start-ups  
 1 488  
 228  
 (66) 
 1 422  
Mezzanine Programme – Loans 
 3 480  
 3 306  
 (1 911) 
 1 569  
Guarantees and interest grants programme 
 4 258  
 4 258  
 -    
 4 258  
SME energy efficiency loans 
 3 723  
 3 723  
 -    
 3 723  
Parallel loans 
 2 000  
 2 000  
 (235) 
 1 765  
Loans for enterprises in rural territories 
 7 810  
 1 709  
 (115) 
 7 695  
Loans to Midcaps for mitigation of the COVID-19 effect 
 2 435  
 -    
 -    
 2 435  
Start-up loans to innovative entrepreneurs 
 500  
 100  
 -    
 500  
Cultural industry support programme 
 2 739  
 -    
 -    
 2 739  
Total loans 
 52 125 * 
 30 810  
 (7 025) 
 45 100  
Guarantees 
  
  
  
  
Fund of Funds programme - Guarantees  
 30 326  
 30 326  
 (5 453) 
 24 873  
Energy Efficiency Programme for Multi-apartment Buildings Guarantees 
 6 245  
 5 890  
 (995) 
 5 250  
Housing Guarantee Programme 
 18 429  
 18 429  
 (10 855) 
 7 574  
Portfolio guarantees for renovation of private houses 
 502  
 502  
 -    
 502  
Guarantee Programme for Clients of State Aid Accumulation, Grace Period and 
Large Economic Operators 
 7 753  
 7 753  
 (729) 
 7 024  
Mezzanine Programme - Guarantees 
 1 040  
 988  
 (487) 
 553  
Portfolio Guarantee Fund 
 3 963  
 3 646  
 (2 056) 
 1 907  
Export guarantees  
 2 477  
 2 477  
 (602) 
 1 875  
Study and student portfolio guarantees 
 197  
 -    
 -    
 197  
Agricultural Guarantees 
 1 725  
 1 725  
 (1 232) 
 493  
Total guarantees 
 72 657  
 71 736  
 (22 409) 
 50 248  
 
* Support programme funding includes funding that is planned to be reallocated to other support programmes. Funding is planned to 
be reallocated in the 3rd quarter of 2021.

--- Page 377 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
57 
 
20 Support programme funding (cont’d) 
The Group’s / Company’s information on the risk coverage reserve included in the support programme funding and state aid, 
which can be used for covering the Group’s / Company’s credit risk losses as at 30 June 2021, in thousands of euro (cont’d): 
Financial Instrument / Programme 
Programme 
funding 
Credit risk 
coverage 
Provisions 
covered by risk 
coverage 
Net 
programme 
funding 
Grants 
  
  
  
  
Energy Efficiency Programme for Multi-apartment Buildings Grants 
 48 038  
 -    
 -    
 48 038  
Housing grant programme “Balsts” 
 2 007  
 -    
 -    
 2 007  
Grants for renovation of private houses 
 1 872  
 -    
 -    
 1 872  
Social Entrepreneurship Programme  
 1 598  
 -    
 -    
 1 598  
Grants for development of energy efficiency projects 
 373  
 -    
 -    
 373  
Cultural industry support programme 
 2 445  
 -    
 -    
 2 445  
Total grants 
 56 333  
 -    
 -    
 56 333  
Venture Capital Funds 
  
  
  
  
Fund of Funds and venture capital funds 
 21 994  
 18 255  
 -    
 21 994  
Investment Fund Activity 
 6 903  
 5 302  
 -    
 6 903  
Baltic Innovation Fund 
 1 949  
 585  
 -    
 1 949  
Baltic Innovation Fund II 
 2 252  
 676  
 -    
 2 252  
Total venture capital funds 
 33 098  
 24 818  
 -    
 33 098  
Other Activities 
  
  
  
  
Energy Efficiency Fund 
 406  
 -    
 -    
 406  
Regional Creative Industries Alliance  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Total other activities 
 406  
 -    
 -    
 406  
Funding allocated to increase reserve capital ** 
 12 815  
 -    
 -    
 12 815  
Total support programme funding 
 227 434 *** 
 127 364  
 (29 434) 
 198 000  
 
** It is expected that the financing will be transferred to the Group's reserve capital following the decision of the shareholders' meeting, 
which is planned in the 3rd quarter of 2021. 
*** Support programme funding contains EUR 13,197 thousand allocated for management costs of the Group / Company to be 
compensated from support programme funding.

--- Page 378 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
58 
 
20 Support programme funding (cont’d) 
The Group’s / Company’s information on the risk coverage reserve included in the support programme funding and state aid, 
which can be used for covering the Group’s / Company’s credit risk losses as at 31 December 2020, in thousands of euro: 
Financial Instrument / Programme 
Programme 
funding 
Credit risk 
coverage 
Provisions 
covered by risk 
coverage 
Net 
programme 
funding 
Loans 
  
  
  
  
ERDF II 
 2 038  
 1 866  
 (467) 
 1 571  
ESF II 
 998  
 193  
 (86) 
 912  
Microcredits of Swiss programme 
 3 456  
 268  
 (12) 
 3 444  
ERDF I 
 116  
 99  
 (9) 
 107  
ESF I 
 324  
 40  
 (31) 
 293  
ERDF II (second round) 
 5 751  
 425  
 (75) 
 5 676  
Incubators (from ESF II) 
 82  
 7  
 -    
 82  
ERAF II 2 Public fund 
 285  
 58  
 (14) 
 271  
Fund of Funds programme – Start-up loans  
 2 730  
 2 730  
 (314) 
 2 416  
Fund of Funds programme – Microcredits 
 298  
 298  
 (26) 
 272  
Fund of Funds programme – Parallel loans 
 3 861  
 3 861  
 (2 736) 
 1 125  
Energy Efficiency Programme for Multi-apartment Buildings Loans 
 3 748  
 3 548  
 (42) 
 3 706  
Start-up State Aid Cumulation Lending Programme  
 1 972  
 1 988  
 (266) 
 1 706  
Other loans to start-ups  
 1 483  
 274  
 (67) 
 1 416  
Mezzanine Programme – Loans 
 3 202  
 2 817  
 (2 353) 
 849  
Guarantees and interest grants programme 
 4 251  
 4 251  
 -    
 4 251  
SME energy efficiency loans 
 3 723  
 3 723  
 -    
 3 723  
Parallel loans 
 2 000  
 2 000  
 (238) 
 1 762  
Loans for enterprises in rural territories 
 7 810  
 599  
 (86) 
 7 724  
Loans to Midcaps for mitigation of the COVID-19 effect 
 2 435  
 -    
 -    
 2 435  
Start-up loans to innovative entrepreneurs 
 500  
 100  
 -    
 500  
Total loans 
 51 063 * 
 29 145  
 (6 822) 
 44 241  
Guarantees 
  
  
  
  
Fund of Funds programme - Guarantees  
 26 907  
 26 906  
 (6 288) 
 20 619  
Energy Efficiency Programme for Multi-apartment Buildings Guarantees 
 6 217  
 5 875  
 (991) 
 5 226  
Housing Guarantee Programme 
 14 005  
 14 005  
 (9 669) 
 4 336  
Guarantee Programme for Clients of State Aid Accumulation, Grace Period and 
Large Economic Operators 
 7 753  
 7 753  
 (1 078) 
 6 675  
Mezzanine Programme - Guarantees 
 1 190  
 1 047  
 (734) 
 456  
Portfolio Guarantee Fund 
 4 005  
 3 685  
 (1 722) 
 2 283  
Export guarantees  
 2 477  
 2 477  
 (570) 
 1 907  
Study and student portfolio guarantees 
 77  
 -    
 -    
 77  
Agricultural Guarantees 
 1 000  
 1 000  
 (324) 
 676  
Total guarantees 
 63 631  
 62 748  
 (21 376) 
 42 255  
 
* Support programme funding includes funding that is planned to be reallocated to other support programmes. Funding is planned to 
be reallocated in the 3rd quarter of 2021.

--- Page 379 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
59 
 
20 Support programme funding (cont’d) 
The Group’s / Company’s information on the risk coverage reserve included in the support programme funding and state aid, 
which can be used for covering the Group’s / Company’s credit risk losses as at 31 December 2020, in thousands of euro 
(cont’d): 
Financial Instrument / Programme 
Programme 
funding 
Credit risk 
coverage 
Provisions 
covered by risk 
coverage 
Net 
programme 
funding 
Grants 
  
  
  
  
Energy Efficiency Programme for Multi-apartment Buildings Grants 
 40 538  
 -    
 -    
 40 538  
Social Entrepreneurship Programme  
 3 266  
 -    
 -    
 3 266  
Grants for development of energy efficiency projects 
 1 564  
 -    
 -    
 1 564  
Housing grant programme “Balsts” 
 172  
 -    
 -    
 172  
Total grants 
 45 540  
 -    
 -    
 45 540  
Venture Capital Funds 
  
  
  
 -    
Fund of Funds and venture capital funds 
 26 654  
 14 967  
 -    
 26 654  
Investment Fund Activity 
 5 272  
 3 172  
 -    
 5 272  
Baltic Innovation Fund 
 2 000  
 700  
 -    
 2 000  
Baltic Innovation Fund II 
 2 359  
 724  
 -    
 2 359  
Total venture capital funds 
 36 285  
 19 563  
 -    
 36 285  
Other Activities 
  
  
  
  
Energy Efficiency Fund 
 433  
 -    
 -    
 433  
Regional Creative Industries Alliance  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Total other activities 
 433  
 -    
 -    
 433  
Funding allocated to increase reserve capital ** 
 23 209  
 -    
 -    
 23 209  
Total support programme funding 
 220 161 *** 
 111 456  
 (28 198) 
 191 963  
 
** In December 2020, the Ministry of Economics transferred financing in the amount of EUR 22,565 thousand to the program Loans and 
their interest rate subsidies to enterprises for the promotion of the competitiveness (Cabinet Regulation No. 677 of 10 November 2020 
“Regulations on Loans and Their Interest Rate Subsidies to enterprises for the promotion of the competitiveness”). In December 2020, 
the Ministry of Education and Science transferred financing in the amount of EUR 644 thousand to the program of Study and Student 
lending for studies in Latvia from the funds of credit institutions guaranteed from the State budget (Cabinet Regulation No. 231 of 21 
April 2020 “Regulations on Granting Study Loans and Student Loans from the Funds of Credit Institutions Guaranteed from the State 
Budget”). It is expected that the financing will be transferred to the Group's reserve capital following the decision of the shareholders' 
meeting, which is planned in the first quarter of 2021. Reserve capital of the Group / Company was increased by this amount in 
accordance with the decision of the General Meeting of Shareholders of the Group / Company of 22 March 2021. 
*** Support programme funding contains EUR 21,921 thousand allocated for management costs of the Group / Company to be 
compensated from support programme funding.

--- Page 380 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
60 
 
20 Support programme funding (cont’d) 
Movement in the Group’s / Company’s support programme funding in 6 months of 2021, in thousands of euro: 
Financial Instrument / 
Programme 
Financing, 
net 
Financing 
received 
Reallo-
cated 
funding 
between 
program-
mes 
Compen-
sated 
grants 
Compen-
sated 
income 
and 
expense 
Revalua-
tion of 
liabilities 
Programmes’ 
income/ 
profit 
distri- 
bution 
Other 
changes 
Changes 
in provi- 
sions 
covered 
by risk 
coverage 
Financing, 
net 
 
31.12.2020. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
30.06.2021. 
Loans 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
ERDF II 
 1 571  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 13  
 1 584  
ESF II 
 912  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 7  
 9  
 928  
Microcredits of Swiss 
programme 
 3 444  
 -    
 (2 374) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 5  
 1 075  
ERDF I 
 107  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 3  
 110  
ESF I 
 293  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1  
 294  
ERDF II (second round) 
 5 676  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 12  
 17  
 5 705  
Incubators (from ESF II) 
 82  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 82  
ERAF II 2 Public fund 
 271  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 271  
Fund of Funds programme – 
Start-up loans  
 2 416  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 14  
 2 430  
Fund of Funds programme – 
Microcredits 
 272  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 5  
 277  
Fund of Funds programme – 
Parallel loans 
 1 125  
 -    
 437  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (531) 
 1 031  
Energy Efficiency Programme 
for Multi-apartment Buildings 
– Loan Fund 
 3 706  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (49) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (35) 
 3 622  
Start-up State Aid 
Cumulation Lending 
Programme  
 1 706  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (121) 
 1 585  
Other loans to start-ups  
 1 416  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 5  
 1  
 1 422  
Mezzanine Programme – 
Loans 
 849  
 -    
 193  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 85  
 -    
 442  
 1 569  
Guarantees and interest 
grants programme 
 4 251  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 7  
 -    
 4 258  
SME energy efficiency loans 
 3 723  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 3 723  
Parallel loans 
 1 762  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 3  
 1 765  
Loans for enterprises in rural 
territories 
 7 724  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (29) 
 7 695  
Loans to Midcaps for 
mitigation of the COVID-19 
effect 
 2 435  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2 435  
Start-up loans to innovative 
entrepreneurs 
 500  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 500  
Cultural industry support 
programme 
 -    
 2 739  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2 739  
Total loans 
 44 241 * 
 2 739  
 (1 744) 
 -    
 (49) 
 -    
 85  
 31  
 (203) 
 45 100  
Guarantees 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 -    
Fund of Funds programme - 
Guarantees  
 20 619  
 -    
 3 000  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 419  
 -    
 835  
 24 873  
Energy Efficiency Programme 
for Multi-apartment Buildings 
- Guarantees 
 5 226  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (68) 
 -    
 96  
 -    
 (4) 
 5 250  
Housing Guarantee 
Programme 
 4 336  
 4 424  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (1 186) 
 7 574  
Portfolio guarantees for 
renovation of private houses 
 -    
 -    
 502  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 502  
Guarantee Programme for 
Clients of State Aid 
Accumulation, Grace Period 
and Large Economic 
Operators 
 6 675  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 349  
 7 024  
Mezzanine Programme - 
Guarantees 
 456  
 -    
 (193) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 43  
 -    
 247  
 553  
Portfolio Guarantee Fund 
 2 283  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (42) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (334) 
 1 907  
Export guarantees  
 1 907  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (32) 
 1 875  
Study and student portfolio 
guarantees 
 77  
 120  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 197  
Agricultural Guarantees 
 676  
 725  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (908) 
 493  
Total guarantees 
 42 255  
 5 269  
 3 309  
 -    
 (110) 
 -    
 558  
 -    
 (1 033) 
 50 248  
 
* Support programme funding includes funding that is planned to be reallocated to other support programmes. Funding is planned to 
be reallocated in the 3rd quarter of 2021.

--- Page 381 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
61 
 
 
20 Support programme funding (cont’d) 
Movement in the Group’s / Company’s support programme funding in 6 months of 2021, in thousands of euro: (cont’d) 
Financial Instrument / 
Programme 
Financing, 
net 
Finan- 
cing 
received 
Reallo-
cated 
funding 
between 
program-
mes 
Compen-
sated 
grants 
Compen-
sated 
income 
and 
expense 
Revalua-
tion of 
liabilities 
Program- 
mes’ 
income / 
profit 
distri- 
bution 
Other 
chan-
ges 
Changes 
in provi- 
sions 
covered 
by risk 
coverage 
Financing, 
net 
 
31.12.2020. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
30.06.2021. 
Grants 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Energy Efficiency Programme 
for Multi-apartment Buildings – 
Grants 
 40 538  
 7 500  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 48 038  
Housing grant programme 
“Balsts” 
 3 266  
 -    
 -    
 (1 259) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2 007  
Grants for renovation of 
private houses 
 -    
 -    
 1 872  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1 872  
Social Entrepreneurship 
Programme  
 1 564  
 1 176  
 -    
 (1 066) 
 (76) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1 598  
Grants for development of 
energy efficiency projects 
 172  
 292  
 -    
 (61) 
 (30) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 373  
Cultural industry support 
programme 
 -    
 2 445  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2 445  
Total grants 
 45 540  
 11 413  
 1 872  
 (2 386) 
 (106) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 56 333  
Venture Capital Funds 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Fund of Funds and venture 
capital funds 
 26 654  
 -    
 (3 437) 
 -    
 (1 138)** 
 (128) 
 43 ***** 
 -    
 -    
 21 994  
Investment Fund Activity 
 5 272  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (380)*** 
 (253) 
 315 ****** 
 1 949  
 -    
 6 903  
Baltic Innovation Fund 
 2 000  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (97)**** 
 -    
 46 ******* 
 -    
 -    
 1 949  
Baltic Innovation Fund II 
 2 359  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (107) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2 252  
Total venture capital funds 
 36 285  
 -    
 (3 437) 
 -    
 (1 722) 
 (381) 
 404  
 1 949  
 -    
 33 098  
Other Activities 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Energy Efficiency Fund 
 433  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (27) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 406  
Regional Creative Industries 
Alliance  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Total other activities 
 433  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (27) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 406  
Funding allocated to increase 
reserve capital 
 23 209  
 12 815  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (23 209) 
 -    
 12 815  
Total support programme 
funding 
 191 963  
 32 236  
 -    
 (2 386) 
 (2 014) 
 (381) 
 1 047  
 (21 229) 
 (1 236) 
 198 000  
 
** include EUR 1,100 thousand management fees for the 4th generation venture capital funds (see Note 12). 
*** include EUR 337 thousand management fees for the 2nd and 3rd generation venture capital funds (see Note 12). 
**** include EUR 92 thousand management fees for the Baltic Innovation Fund (see Note 12). 
***** include EUR 43 thousand mezzanine interest received from investments in 4th generation venture capital funds in 6 months of 2021 
(see Note 12). 
****** include EUR 315 thousand mezzanine interest received and EUR 3 thousand realised gain on investments in 2nd and 3rd generation 
venture capital funds in 6 months of 2021 (see Note 12). 
******* include EUR 46 thousand realised gain on investment in Baltic Innovation Fund in 6 months of 2021 (see Note 12).

--- Page 382 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
62 
 
21 Provisions 
Breakdown of the Group’s / Company’s provisions for financial guarantees and off-balance sheet items, in thousands of euro: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
Provisions for financial guarantees 
 30 687  
 31 413  
 30 687  
 31 413  
Group’s / Company’s share of provisions 
 5 465  
 7 343  
 5 465  
 7 343  
Provisions covered by Portfolio Loss Reserve 
 3 837  
 3 576  
 3 837  
 3 576  
Provisions covered by Risk Coverage Reserve 
 21 385  
 20 494  
 21 385  
 20 494  
Provisions for loan commitments 
 647  
 1 014  
 647  
 1 014  
Group’s / Company’s share of provisions 
 275  
 378  
 275  
 378  
Provisions covered by Portfolio Loss Reserve 
 195  
 309  
 195  
 309  
Provisions covered by Risk Coverage Reserve 
 177  
 327  
 177  
 327  
Provisions for grant commitments 
 87  
 74  
 87  
 74  
Group’s / Company’s share of provisions 
 87  
 74  
 87  
 74  
Provisions covered by risk coverage 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Total provisions 
 31 421  
 32 501  
 31 421  
 32 501  
Group’s / Company’s share of provisions 
 5 827  
 7 795  
 5 827  
 7 795  
Provisions covered by Portfolio Loss Reserve 
 4 032  
 3 885  
 4 032  
 3 885  
Provisions covered by Risk Coverage Reserve 
 21 562  
 20 821  
 21 562  
 20 821  
 
Movement in the Group’s / Company’s provisions for financial guarantees, in thousands of euro: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
01.01.2021.-
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2020.-
31.12.2020. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2021.-
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2020.-
31.12.2020. 
(unaudited) 
Provisions at the beginning of the period 
 31 413  
 30 606  
 31 413  
 30 606  
Increase in provisions (Note 10) 
 6 701  
 6 975  
 6 701  
 6 975  
Decrease in provisions (Note 10) 
 (7 081) 
 (5 519) 
 (7 081) 
 (5 520) 
Reclassification (Disbursed guarantee)  
 (346) 
 (491) 
 (346) 
 (491) 
Provisions at the end of the period ended 30 June (unaudited) 
 30 687  
 31 571  
 30 687  
 31 570  
Group’s / Company’s share of provisions 
 5 465  
 7 343  
 5 465  
 7 343  
Provisions covered by Portfolio Loss Reserve 
 3 837  
 2 592  
 3 837  
 2 592  
Provisions covered by Risk Coverage Reserve 
 21 385  
 21 638  
 21 385  
 21 638  
Increase in provisions (Note 10) 
 - 
 7 467  
 - 
 7 467  
Decrease in provisions (Note 10) 
 - 
 (7 540) 
 - 
 (7 540) 
Reclassification (Disbursed guarantee)  
 - 
 (84) 
 -    
 (84) 
Provisions at the end of the period ended 31 December (audited) 
 - 
 31 413  
 21 385  
 31 413  
Group’s / Company’s share of provisions 
-  
 7 343  
 -    
 7 343  
Provisions covered by Portfolio Loss Reserve 
-  
 3 576  
-  
 3 576  
Provisions covered by Risk Coverage Reserve 
-  
 20 494  
 -    
 20 494

--- Page 383 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
63 
 
22 Reserves 
Analysis of the Group’s reserves movements, in thousands of euro: 
 
 
Specific reserves for support programmes 
Other specific 
reserves 
General 
reserve 
capital 
Revaluation 
reserve of 
financial assets 
measured at 
fair value 
through other 
comprehensive 
income  
Total 
reserves 
 
Reserve capital 
for non-Covid-
19 guarantees 
programmes 
Reserve 
capital for 
loans to 
MidCaps 
Reserve 
capital for 
AIF “Altum 
capital 
fund” 
Reserve 
capital for 
mitigating of 
impact of 
Covid-19 
Difference 
recognised in 
Group’s 
reorganisation 
reserve 
Reserves as of 1January 2020 
(audited) 
 15 507  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (15 580) 
 16 638  
 2 638  
 19 203  
(Decrease) in revaluation 
reserve of financial assets 
measured at fair value through 
other comprehensive income 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (692) 
 (692) 
Distribution of 2019 year profit of 
the Company 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 8 131  
 -    
 8 131  
Increase of reserve capital 
  
  
  
 100 000  
  
  
  
 100 000  
Reserves as of 30 June 2020 
(unaudited) 
 15 507  
 -    
 -    
 100 000  
 (15 580) 
 24 768  
 1 946  
 126 641  
(Decrease) in revaluation 
reserve of financial assets 
measured at fair value 
through other comprehensive 
income 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (733) 
 (733) 
Increase of reserve capital  
 626  
 -    
 25 000  
 20 000  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 45 626  
Reserves as of 31 December 
2020 (audited) 
 16 133  
 -    
 25 000  
 120 000  
 (15 580) 
 24 768  
 1 213  
 171 534  
(Decrease) in revaluation 
reserve of financial assets 
measured at fair value 
through other comprehensive 
income 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (301) 
 (301) 
Distribution of 2020 year profit 
of the Company 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 5 539  
 -    
 5 539  
Decrease of Special Reserve 
Capital to cover impairment 
allowances for 2020 * 
 (392) 
 -    
 (185) 
 (2 668) 
 (3 184) 
 6 429  
-    
 -    
Increase of reserve capital  
 4 165  
 22 565  
 -    
  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 26 730  
Reserves as of 30 June 2021 
(unaudited) 
 19 906  
 22 565  
 24 815  
 117 332  
 (18 764) 
 36 736  
 912  
 203 502  
 
* Decrease of Special Reserve Capital (Portfolio Loss Reserve) to cover impairment allowances for 2020 upon approval of the 2020 
annual report.

--- Page 384 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
64 
 
22 Reserves (cont’d) 
Analysis of the Company’s reserves movements, in thousands of euro: 
 
 
Specific reserves for support programmes 
Other specific 
reserves 
General 
reserve 
capital 
Revaluation 
reserve of 
financial assets 
measured at 
fair value 
through other 
comprehensive 
income  
Total 
reserves 
 
Reserve capital 
for non-Covid-
19 guarantees 
programmes 
Reserve 
capital for 
loans to 
MidCaps 
Reserve 
capital for 
AIF “Altum 
capital 
fund” 
Reserve 
capital for 
mitigating of 
impact of 
Covid-19 
Difference 
recognised in 
Group’s 
reorganisation 
reserve 
Reserves as of 1January 2020 
(audited) 
 15 507  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (15 935) 
 16 991  
 2 638  
 19 201  
(Decrease) in revaluation 
reserve of financial assets 
measured at fair value through 
other comprehensive income 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (692) 
 (692) 
Distribution of 2019 year profit of 
the Company 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 8 131  
 -    
 8 131  
Increase of reserve capital 
  
  
 -    
 100 000  
  
  
  
 100 000  
Reserves as of 30 June 2020 
(unaudited) 
 15 507  
 -    
 -    
 100 000  
 (15 935) 
 25 121  
 1 946  
 126 639  
(Decrease) in revaluation 
reserve of financial assets 
measured at fair value 
through other comprehensive 
income 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (733) 
 (733) 
Increase of reserve capital  
 626  
 -    
 25 000  
 20 000  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 45 626  
Reserves as of 31 December 
2020 (audited) 
 16 133  
 -    
 25 000  
 120 000  
 (15 935) 
 25 121  
 1 213  
 171 532  
(Decrease) in revaluation 
reserve of financial assets 
measured at fair value 
through other comprehensive 
income 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (301) 
 (301) 
Distribution of 2020 year profit 
of the Company 
  
  
 -    
  
  
 5 539  
  
 5 539  
Decrease of Special Reserve 
Capital to cover impairment 
allowances for 2020 * 
 (392) 
  
 (185) 
 (5 852) 
  
 6 429  
 -    
 -    
Increase of reserve capital  
 4 165  
 22 565  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 26 730  
Reserves as of 30 June 2021 
(unaudited) 
 19 906  
 22 565  
 24 815  
 114 148  
 (15 935) 
 37 089  
 912  
 203 500  
 
* Decrease of Special Reserve Capital (Portfolio Loss Reserve) to cover impairment allowances for 2020 upon approval of the 2020 
annual report.

--- Page 385 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
65 
 
22 Reserves (cont’d) 
Breakdown of “Specific reserves for support programmes”: 
 
Reserve capital for non-Covid-19 
guarantees programmes 
 
Reserve capital for mitigating 
of impact of Covid-19 
Reserve 
capital for 
AIF “Altum 
capital 
fund” 
Total specific 
reserves for 
support 
programmes 
 
Housing 
Guarantee 
Programme 
Study and student 
portfolio 
guarantees 
Loans to 
MidCaps 
Working 
capital loans 
Loan holiday 
guarantees 
Specific reserves as of 1 January 2020 
(audited) 
 15 507  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 15 507  
Increase of specific reserve capital 
 - 
 -  
 -  
 50 000  
 50 000  
 -    
 100 000  
Specific reserves as of 30 June 2020 
(unaudited) 
 15 507  
 -    
 -    
 50 000  
 50 000  
 -    
 115 507  
Increase of specific reserve capital  
 -    
 626  
 -  
 - 
 20 000  
 25 000  
 45 626  
Specific reserves as of 31 December 2020 
(audited) 
 15 507  
 626  
 -  
 50 000  
 70 000  
 25 000  
 161 133  
of which: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Portfolio loss reserve (Special 
Reserve Capital) 
 15 507  
 626  
 -  
 29 000  
 50 000  
 7 131  
 102 264  
Portfolio Loss Reserve (Special 
Reserve Capital) to be used to 
cover credit loss and management 
fees upon approval of the 2020 
annual report 
 -    
 (392) 
 - 
 (2 668) 
 (3 184) 
 (185) 
 (6 429) 
Increase of specific reserve capital  
 2 179  
 1 986  
 22 565  
 22 565  
 -    
 -    
 26 730  
Specific reserves as of 30 June 2021 
(unaudited) 
 17 686  
 2 612  
 22 566  
 72 565  
 70 000  
 25 000  
 187 863  
of which: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Portfolio loss reserve (Special 
Reserve Capital) 
 17 686  
 2 220  
 13 800  
 40 132  
 66 816  
 8 850  
 135 704  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Portfolio Loss Reserve (Special 
Reserve Capital) to be used to 
cover credit loss and management 
fees upon approval of the 2021 
annual report 
 -  
 (432) 
 - 
 (435) 
 (12) 
 (30) 
 (909) 
 
Analysis of portfolio loss reserve movements, in thousands of euro: 
  
Portfolio loss reserve for non-
Covid-19 guarantees 
programmes 
 
Portfolio loss reserve for 
mitigating of impact of 
Covid-19 
Reserve 
capital for 
AIF “Altum 
capital 
fund” 
Total 
portfolio loss 
reserve 
  
Housing 
Guarantee 
Programme 
Study and 
student portfolio 
guarantees 
Loans to 
MidCaps 
Working 
capital loans 
Loan 
holiday 
guarantees 
Portfolio loss reserve as of 1 January 2020 
(audited) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Portfolio loss reserve as of 30 June 2020 
(unaudited) 
 -    
 - 
 -    
 - 
 - 
 - 
 -    
Increase of portfolio loss reserve 
 15 507  
 626  
 -  
 29 000  
 50 000  
 7 131  
 102 264  
Portfolio loss reserve as of 31 December 2020 
(audited) 
 15 507  
 626  
 -  
 29 000  
 50 000  
 7 131  
 102 264  
of which: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Portfolio loss reserve (Special Reserve 
Capital) 
 15 507  
 626  
 -  
 29 000  
 50 000  
 7 131  
 102 264  
Portfolio Loss Reserve (Special Reserve 
Capital) to be used to cover credit loss 
and management fees upon approval of 
the 2020 annual report 
 - 
 (392) 
 - 
 (2 668) 
 (3 184) 
 (185) 
 (6 429) 
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
Increase of portfolio loss reserve 
 2 179  
 1 986  
 13 800  
 13 800  
 20 000  
 -    
 37 965  
Reallocation of funding within portfolio loss 
reserve – funding for management fee 
 - 
 -  
 - 
 -  
 -  
 2 060  
 2 060  
Reallocation of funding from portfolio loss 
reserve to core funding within specific reserve 
capital  
 - 
 (392) 
 - 
 (2 668) 
 (3 184) 
 (185) 
 (6 429) 
Decrease of Portfolio Loss Reserve according 
to the List of the Partners and their 
Commitments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
  - 
 - 
 (156) 
 (156) 
Portfolio loss reserve as of 30 June 2021 
(unaudited) 
 17 686  
 2 220  
 13 800 
 40 132  
 66 816  
 8 850  
 135 704  
of which: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Portfolio Loss Reserve (Special Reserve 
Capital) to be used to cover credit loss 
and management fees upon approval of 
the 2021 annual report 
 -  
 (432) 
 -  
 (435) 
 (12) 
 (30) 
 (909)

--- Page 386 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
66 
 
22 Reserves (cont’d) 
Subitem Reserve capital for non-Covid-19 programmes includes the following increases in the Specific Reserve capital for non-
Covid-19 programmes in the 6 months of 2021: 
▪ An increase of EUR 22,565 thousand in accordance with the decision of the General Meeting of Shareholders of the Group 
of 22 March 2021, adopted on the basis of the Cabinet of Ministers Order No. 70 of 10 November 2020 and the Cabinet of 
Ministers Regulations No. 677 of 10 November 2020 "Regulations on loans and their interest rate subsidies to entrepreneurs 
to support competitiveness ". That amount was accounted as part of support programme funding as of 31 December 2020 
(see Note 20) 
▪ An increase of EUR 2,179 thousand in accordance with the decision of the General Meeting of Shareholders of the Group 
of 22 March 2021, adopted on the basis of the Cabinet of Ministers Regulations No. 95 of 20 February 2018 " Regulations on 
state aid for the purchase or construction of a dwelling" and the Cabinet of Ministers Order No. 55 of 22 September 2020. 
▪ An increase of EUR 1,986 thousand in accordance with the decision of the General Meeting of Shareholders of the Group 
of 22 March 2021, adopted on the basis of the Cabinet of Ministers Regulations No. 231 of 21 April 2020 " Regulations on 
study and student lending for studies in Latvia from the resources of credit institutions, which are guaranteed by the state 
budget" and the Cabinet of Ministers Order No. 73 of 17 November 2020. Part of that amount in amount of EUR 644 thousand 
was accounted as part of support programme funding as of 31 December 2020 (see Note 20). 
The funding included in the Specific Reserve Capital will be used to cover the expected credit losses of the programmes at 
full extent as well as management fees for AIF Altum Capital Fund and as such are disclosed separately as Portfolio Loss 
Reserve within respective reserve capital. 
23 Off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
Contingent liabilities: 
  
  
  
  
Outstanding guarantees 
 379 602  
 359 605  
 379 602  
 359 605  
Financial commitments: 
  
  
  
  
Loan commitments 
 44 162  
 39 348  
 44 162  
 39 348  
Grant commitments 
 22 504  
 6 798  
 22 504  
 6 798  
Commitments to investments in subsidiaries 
 -    
 -    
 7 711  
 10 415  
Commitments to AIF “Altum capital fund” 
 43 718  
 48 772  
 43 718  
 48 772  
Commitments to investments in associates 
 41 676  
 44 935  
 41 676  
 44 935  
Commitments to other investments 
 37 112  
 38 220  
 37 112  
 38 220  
Total contingent liabilities and financial commitments 
 568 774  
 537 678  
 576 485  
 548 093  
 
Group’s / Company’s impairment allowances for loan commitments, in thousands of euro: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
Unutilised loan facilities 
 44 162  
 39 348  
 44 162  
 39 348  
Impairment allowances 
 (647) 
 (1 014) 
 (647) 
 (1 014) 
Total unutilized loan facilities, net 
 43 515  
 38 334  
 43 515  
 38 334  
 
Group’s / Company’s impairment allowances for grant commitments, in thousands of euro: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
Grant commitments 
 22 504  
 6 798  
 22 504  
 6 798  
Impairment allowances 
 (87) 
 (74) 
 (87) 
 (74) 
Total grant commitments, net 
 22 417  
 6 724  
 22 417  
 6 724

--- Page 387 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
67 
 
23 Off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities 
(cont’d) 
Breakdown of the Group’s off-balance sheet assets and contingent liabilities by remaining contractual maturities as at 30 June 
2021, in thousands of euro: 
  
Up to 1 
month  
1 to 3 
months  
3 to 6 
months  
6 to 12 
months  
1 to 5 years  
Over 5 years 
and w/o 
maturity 
Total 
Contingent liabilities 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Outstanding guarantees 
 243 683 * 
 -    
 -    
 2  
 135 917  
 -    
 379 602  
Financial commitments 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Loan commitments 
 44 162  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 44 162  
Grant commitments 
 22 504  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 22 504  
Commitments to AIF “Altum capital fund” 
 3 503  
 8 493  
 12 157  
 16 911  
 2 040  
 614  
 43 718  
Commitments to investments in associates 
 417  
 1 250  
 1 667  
 5 001  
 29 173  
 4 168  
 41 676  
Commitments to other investments 
 123  
 488  
 853  
 4 188  
 25 431  
 6 029  
 37 112  
Total financial commitments 
 70 709  
 10 231  
 14 677  
 26 100  
 56 644  
 10 811  
 189 172  
Total contingent liabilities and financial 
commitments 
 314 392  
 10 231  
 14 677  
 26 102  
 192 561  
 10 811  
 568 774  
 
* Outstanding financial guarantees are presented “Up to 1 month” as these guarantees can be claimed on demand and the Group 
/ Company has to make a decision on payment of guarantee claim within one month. 
 
Breakdown of the Group’s off-balance sheet assets and contingent liabilities by remaining contractual maturities as at 
31 December 2020, in thousands of euro: 
  
Up to 1 
month  
1 to 3 
months  
3 to 6 
months  
6 to 12 
months  
1 to 5 years  
Over 5 years 
and w/o 
maturity 
Total 
Contingent liabilities 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Outstanding guarantees 
 240 592 * 
 -    
 -    
 2  
 119 011  
 -    
 359 605  
Financial commitments 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Loan commitments 
 39 348  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 39 348  
Grant commitments 
 6 798  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 6 798  
Commitments to AIF “Altum capital fund” 
 -    
 11 996  
 12 157  
 21 964  
 2 040  
 615  
 48 772  
Commitments to investments in associates 
 -    
 1 146  
 1 528  
 4 965  
 27 411  
 9 885  
 44 935  
Commitments to other investments 
 -    
 635  
 847  
 7 753  
 23 201  
 5 784  
 38 220  
Total financial commitments 
 46 146  
 13 777  
 14 532  
 34 682  
 52 652  
 16 284  
 178 073  
Total contingent liabilities and financial 
commitments 
 286 738  
 13 777  
 14 532  
 34 684  
 171 663  
 16 284  
 537 678  
 
* Outstanding financial guarantees are presented “Up to 1 month” as these guarantees can be claimed on demand and the Group 
/ Company has to make a decision on payment of guarantee claim within one month.

--- Page 388 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
68 
 
23 Off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities 
(cont’d) 
Breakdown of the Company’s off-balance sheet assets and contingent liabilities by remaining contractual maturities as at 
30 June 2021, in thousands of euro: 
  
Up to 1 
month  
1 to 3 
months  
3 to 6 
months  
6 to 12 
months  
1 to 5 years  
Over 5 years 
and w/o 
maturity 
Total 
Contingent liabilities 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Outstanding guarantees 
 243 683 * 
 -    
 -    
 2  
 135 917  
 -    
 379 602  
Financial commitments 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Loan commitments 
 44 162  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 44 162  
Grant commitments 
 22 504  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 22 504  
Commitments to investments in subsidiaries 
 308  
 308  
 617  
 1 851  
 3 856  
 771  
 7 711  
Commitments to AIF “Altum capital fund” 
 3 503  
 8 493  
 12 157  
 16 911  
 2 040  
 614  
 43 718  
Commitments to investments in associates 
 417  
 1 250  
 1 667  
 5 001  
 29 173  
 4 168  
 41 676  
Commitments to other investments 
 123  
 488  
 853  
 4 188  
 25 431  
 6 029  
 37 112  
Total financial commitments 
 71 017  
 10 539  
 15 294  
 27 951  
 60 500  
 11 582  
 196 883  
Total contingent liabilities and financial 
commitments 
 314 700  
 10 539  
 15 294  
 27 953  
 196 417  
 11 582  
 576 485  
 
* Outstanding financial guarantees are presented “Up to 1 month” as these guarantees can be claimed on demand and the Group 
/ Company has to make a decision on payment of guarantee claim within one month. 
 
Breakdown of the Company’s off-balance sheet assets and contingent liabilities by remaining contractual maturities as at 
31 December 2020, in thousands of euro: 
  
Up to 1 
month  
1 to 3 
months  
3 to 6 
months  
6 to 12 
months  
1 to 5 years  
Over 5 years 
and w/o 
maturity 
Total 
Contingent liabilities 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Outstanding guarantees 
 240 592 * 
 -    
 -    
 2  
 119 011  
 -    
 359 605  
Financial commitments 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Loan commitments 
 39 348  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 39 348  
Grant commitments 
 6 798  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 6 798  
Commitments to investments in subsidiaries 
 417  
 417  
 833  
 2 500  
 5 207  
 1 041  
 10 415  
Commitments to AIF “Altum capital fund” 
 -    
 11 996  
 12 157  
 21 964  
 2 040  
 615  
 48 772  
Commitments to investments in associates 
 -    
 1 146  
 1 528  
 4 965  
 27 411  
 9 885  
 44 935  
Commitments to other investments 
 -    
 635  
 847  
 7 753  
 23 201  
 5 784  
 38 220  
Total financial commitments 
 46 563  
 14 194  
 15 365  
 37 182  
 57 859  
 17 325  
 188 488  
Total contingent liabilities and financial 
commitments 
 287 155  
 14 194  
 15 365  
 37 184  
 176 870  
 17 325  
 548 093  
 
* Outstanding financial guarantees are presented “Up to 1 month” as these guarantees can be claimed on demand and the Group 
/ Company has to make a decision on payment of guarantee claim within one month. 
 
Subitem Commitments to AIF “Altum capital fund” are contingent liabilities based on a limited partnership agreement 
between the Company as a general partner and the members of the AIF “Altum capital fund” as limited partners which put 
an obligation on the Group / Company to allocate financial resources to the fund. 
Subitem Commitments to venture capital funds are contingent liabilities, which are based on agreements between the Group 
/ Company and the venture capital fund which put an obligation on the Group / Company to allocate financial resources to 
the fund. Additional information on classification of venture capital funds is available in Note 1.

--- Page 389 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
69 
 
24 Related party transactions 
Related parties include members of the Supervisory Council and the Management Board of the Group / Company, their close 
family members, as well as companies under their control. 
In accordance with International Accounting Standard (IAS) 24 “Related Party Disclosures”, the key management personnel, 
directly or indirectly authorised and responsible for planning, management and control of the Group’s / Company’s 
operations are treated as related parties to the Group / Company. The powers granted to the heads of the structural units of 
the Group / Company do not entitle them to manage the operations of the Group / Company and decide on material 
transactions that could affect the Group’s / Company’s operations and/or result in legal consequences. 
The Company has entered into a number of transactions with other public authorities. The most significant were obtaining 
financing from the Investment and Development Agency of Latvia, Ministry of Finance, Ministry of Economics, Rural Support 
Service and Central Finance and Contracting Agency, which co-finance the development programmes of the Company. 
The Group’s balances from transactions with related parties, including off-balance sheet financial liabilities, in thousands of 
euro: 
 
People with significant 
control (PSC) 
Transactions with 
shareholders 
Associates 
Other companies owned by 
the Group’s shareholders 
 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
Investments in venture 
capital funds 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 54 203  
 47 988  
 -    
 -    
Investments in AIF “Altum 
capital fund” 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2  
 -    
  
  
Due to general governments 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 3 321  
 4 047  
Support programme funding 
 -    
 -    
 191 960  
 192 081  
 -    
 -    
 35 317  
 35 480  
Off-balance sheet financial 
liabilities for venture capital 
funds 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 41 676  
 44 935  
 -    
 -    
Off-balance sheet financial 
liabilities for AIF “Altum 
capital fund” 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 43 718  
 48 772  
 -    
 -    
 
The Company’s balances from transactions with related parties, including off-balance sheet financial liabilities, in thousands 
of euro: 
 
Transactions with 
shareholders 
Associates 
Other companies owned by 
the Group’s shareholders 
Investments in subsidiaries 
 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
Investments in venture 
capital funds 
 -    
 -    
 54 203  
 47 988  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Investments in AIF “Altum 
capital fund” 
 -    
 -    
 2  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Investments in subsidiaries  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 7 021  
 4 879  
Due to general governments 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 3 321  
 4 047  
 -    
 -    
Support programme funding 
 191 960  
 192 081  
 -    
 -    
 35 317  
 35 480  
 -    
 -    
Off-balance sheet financial 
liabilities for venture capital 
funds 
 -    
 -    
 41 676  
 44 935  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Off-balance sheet financial 
liabilities for AIF “Altum 
capital fund” 
 -    
 -    
 43 718  
 48 772  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Off-balance sheet financial 
liabilities for investments in 
subsidiaries 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 7 711  
 10 415

--- Page 390 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
70 
 
24 Related party transactions (cont’d) 
The Group’s / Company’s transactions with related parties, in thousands of euro: 
 
 
Received State aid funding 
Issued State aid funding or funding 
paid back 
 
01.01.2021.-
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2020.-
30.06.2020. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2021.-
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2020.-
30.06.2020. 
(unaudited) 
Transactions with shareholders 
  
  
  
  
Ministry of Finance of the Republic of Latvia 
 23 082  
 4 705  
 (16 220) 
 (4 705) 
Ministry of Economics of the Republic of Latvia 
 18 603  
 123 311  
 -    
 123 311  
Associates 
  
  
  
  
Venture capital funds 
 7 476  
 2 318  
 (2 031) 
 (2 658) 
Other companies owned by the Group’s shareholders 
  
  
  
  
Rural Support Service 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Central Finance and Contracting Agency of the Republic of Latvia 
 7 500  
 300  
 -    
 (300) 
Ministry of Education and Science of the Republic of Latvia 
 1 463  
 -    
 -    
 -    
Ministry of Culture of the Republic of Latvia 
 3 815  
 -    
 -    
 -    
Ministry of Wealth Fair of the Republic of Latvia 
 1 176  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 
The remuneration of the members of the Supervisory Council, Audit Committee and the Management Board of the Company 
in the 6 months of 2021 amounted to EUR 306 thousand (6 months of 2020: EUR 275 thousand), incl. social insurance 
contributions.

--- Page 391 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
71 
 
25 Fair values of assets and liabilities 
The fair values of the Group's financial assets and financial liabilities and their differences to their carrying amount are 
presented below, in thousands of euro: 
 
The fair values of the Company's financial assets and financial liabilities and their differences to their carrying amount are 
presented below, in thousands of euro: 
 
Carrying Amount 
Fair Value 
 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
Assets 
  
  
  
  
Due from credit institutions and the Treasury 
 385 119  
 359 949  
 385 119  
 359 949  
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income - investment 
securities 
 14 393  
 36 958  
 14 393  
 36 958  
Financial assets at amortised cost: 
  
  
  
  
Investment securities  
 35  
 441  
 90  
 1 133  
Individuals 
 335 333  
 313 268  
 325 947  
 304 292  
Companies 
23 729  
 30 370  
23 110  
 22 023  
Loans  
311 604  
 282 898  
302 838  
 282 270  
Grants 
 41 298  
 31 107  
 41 298  
 31 107  
Investments in associates (investments in Baltic Innovation Fund) 
 15 857  
 15 019  
 15 857  
 15 019  
Investments in subsidiaries  
 7 021  
 4 879  
 7 021  
 4 879  
Investment properties 
 38 148  
 36 758  
 38 148  
 36 758  
Other assets 
 4 187  
 3 608  
 4 187  
 3 608  
Total assets 
 841 391  
 801 987  
 832 060  
 793 703  
Liabilities 
  
  
  
  
Due to credit institutions 
 61 509  
 65 855  
 61 509  
 65 855  
Due to general governments 
 109 918  
 103 520  
 108 482  
 101 838  
Financial liabilities at amortised cost - Issued debt securities 
 65 359  
 65 522  
 65 359  
 65 522  
Support programme funding 
 198 000  
 191 963  
 198 000  
 191 963  
Total liabilities 
 434 786  
 426 860  
 433 350  
 425 178  
 
 
 
Carrying Amount 
Fair Value 
 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
Assets 
  
  
  
  
Due from credit institutions and the Treasury 
 385 119  
 359 949  
 385 119  
 359 949  
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss  
 7 602  
 5 425  
 7 602  
 5 425  
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income - investment 
securities 
 14 393  
 36 958  
 14 393  
 36 958  
Financial assets at amortised cost: 
  
  
  
  
Investment securities  
 35  
 441  
 91 
 1 142  
Individuals 
 335 333  
 313 268  
 325 947  
 304 292  
Companies 
 23 729  
 30 370  
 23 110  
 22 023  
Loans  
 311 604  
 282 898  
 302 838  
 282 270  
Grants 
 41 298  
 31 107  
 41 298  
 31 107  
Investments in associates (investments in Baltic Innovation Fund) 
 15 857  
 15 019  
 15 857  
 15 019  
Investment properties 
 38 148  
 36 758  
 38 148  
 36 758  
Other assets 
 4 187  
 3 643  
 4 187  
 3 643  
Total assets 
 841 972  
 802 568  
 832 642  
 794 293  
Liabilities 
  
  
  
  
Due to credit institutions 
 61 509  
 65 855  
 61 509  
 65 855  
Due to general governments 
 109 918  
 103 520  
 108 482  
 101 838  
Financial liabilities at amortised cost - Issued debt securities 
 65 359  
 65 522  
 65 359  
 65 522  
Support programme funding 
 198 000  
 191 963  
 198 000  
 191 963  
Total liabilities 
 434 786  
 426 860  
 433 350  
 425 178

--- Page 392 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
72 
 
25 Fair values of assets and liabilities (cont’d) 
The hierarchy of the Group’s financial assets and liabilities measured and disclosed at fair value, in thousands of euro: 
 
 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
Total 
 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
Assets measured at fair value 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 7 602  
 5 425  
 7 602  
 5 425  
Financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income - 
investment securities 
 3 594  
 24 035  
 10 799  
 12 923  
 -    
 -    
 14 393  
 36 958  
Investments in associates (investments 
in BIF) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 15 857  
 15 019  
 15 857  
 15 019  
Investment properties 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 38 148  
 36 758  
 38 148  
 36 758  
Assets with fair values disclosed 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due from credit institutions and the 
Treasury 
 -    
 -    
 341 555  
 316 631  
 43 564  
 43 318  
 385 119  
 359 949  
Financial assets at amortised cost: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Investment securities 
 -    
 -    
 91  
 1 142  
 -    
 -    
 91  
 1 142  
Loans  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 325 947  
 304 292  
 325 947  
 304 292  
Grants 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 41 298  
 31 107  
 41 298  
 31 107  
Other assets 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 4 187  
 3 643  
 4 187  
 3 643  
Total assets  
 3 594  
 24 035  
 352 445  
 330 696  
 476 603  
 439 562  
 832 642  
 794 293  
Liabilities measured at fair value 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Support programme funding 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 198 000  
 191 963  
 198 000  
 191 963  
Liabilities with fair value disclosed 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due to credit institutions 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 61 509  
 65 855  
 61 509  
 65 855  
Due to general governments 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 108 482  
 101 838  
 108 482  
 101 838  
Financial liabilities at amortised cost - 
Issued debt securities 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 65 359  
 65 522  
 65 359  
 65 522  
Total liabilities  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 433 350  
 425 178  
 433 350  
 425 178  
 
The hierarchy of the Company’s financial assets and liabilities measured and disclosed at fair value, in thousands of euro: 
 
 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
Total 
 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
30.06.2021. 
(unaudited) 
31.12.2020. 
(audited) 
Assets measured at fair value 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income - 
investment securities 
 3 594  
 24 035  
 10 799  
 12 923  
 -    
 -    
 14 393  
 36 958  
Investments in subsidiaries  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 7 021  
 4 879  
 7 021  
 4 879  
Investments in venture capital funds – 
associates (investments in BIF) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 15 857  
 15 019  
 15 857  
 15 019  
Investment properties 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 38 148  
 36 758  
 38 148  
 36 758  
Assets with fair values disclosed 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due from credit institutions and the 
Treasury 
 -    
 -    
 341 555  
 316 631  
 43 564  
 43 318  
 385 119  
 359 949  
Financial assets at amortised cost: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Investment securities 
 -    
 -    
 90  
 1 133  
 -    
 -    
 90  
1 133  
Loans  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 325 947  
 304 292  
 325 947  
 304 292  
Grants 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 41 298  
 31 107  
 41 298  
 31 107  
Other assets 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 4 187  
 3 608  
 4 187  
 3 608  
Total assets  
 3 594  
 24 035  
 352 444  
 330 687 
 476 022  
 438 981  
 832 060  
 793 703  
Liabilities measured at fair value 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Support programme funding 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 198 000  
 191 963  
 198 000  
 191 963  
Liabilities with fair value disclosed 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due to credit institutions 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 61 509  
 65 855  
 61 509  
 65 855  
Due to general governments 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 108 482  
 101 838  
 108 482  
 101 838  
Financial liabilities at amortised cost - 
Issued debt securities 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 65 359  
 65 522  
 65 359  
 65 522  
Total liabilities  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 433 350  
 425 178  
 433 350  
 425 178

--- Page 393 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
73 
 
25 Fair values of assets and liabilities (cont’d) 
Assets 
Where possible, the fair value of securities is estimated on the basis of quoted market prices. For determining the fair value of 
other securities, the Management has applied the discounted cash flow method where the cash flow forecasts are based on 
assumptions and up-to-date market information available at the time of measurement. The fair value of loans with interest 
payable at fixed rates by specified dates was determined by applying the discounted cash flow method, whilst in regard to 
the fair value of loans with their basic interest rate tied to variable market rates, the Group / Company have assumed that the 
carrying amount of such loans corresponds to their fair value. 
Liabilities 
The fair value of financial liabilities stated at amortised cost, for example, the fair value of balances due to credit institutions, 
is estimated using the discounted cash flow method and the interest rates applied to similar products at the end of the year. 
The fair value of financial liabilities (for example, balances due to credit institutions) repayable on demand or subject to a 
variable interest rate, approximately corresponds to their carrying amount. 
Fair value hierarchy of financial assets and liabilities 
The Group / Company classify the fair value measurements based on the fair value hierarchy, reflecting the significance of 
the input data. The fair value hierarchy of the Group / Company has 3 levels: 
▪ Level 1 includes listed financial instruments for which an active market exists, if in determining their fair value the Group / 
Company use unadjusted quoted market prices, obtained from a stock-exchange or reliable information systems; 
▪ Level 2 includes balances due from other credit institutions and the Treasury as well as financial instruments traded over the 
counter (OTC) and financial instruments having no active market or a declining active market whose fair value 
measurement are based to a significant extent on observable market inputs (e.g., rates applied to similar instruments, 
benchmark financial instruments, credit risk insurance transactions, etc.); 
▪ Level 3 includes financial instruments whose fair value measurements rely on observable market inputs requiring significant 
adjustment and have to be supported by unobservable market inputs, and financial instruments whose fair value 
measurements are based to a significant extent on data that cannot be observed on the active market and assumptions 
and estimates of the Group / Company that enable a credible measurement of the financial instrument’s value. 
Debt securities 
Debt securities are measured applying quoted prices or valuation techniques using observable or unobservable market inputs 
or combination of the two. The majority of investments in debt securities recognised at fair value are investments in Latvian 
treasury bills with a quoted price, but not traded on the active market. The Management has estimated that it is reasonable 
to presume the fair value of these securities to be equal to their quoted price. 
Derivatives 
The derivatives, measured using valuation techniques which rely on observable market inputs, are mainly currency swaps and 
forwards. The most frequently applied valuation techniques include discounted cash flow calculations, where inputs include 
foreign exchange spot and forward rates as well as interest rate curves. 
Investments in venture capital funds 
The Group / Company have a number of investments in venture capital funds. The Group’s and Company’s investments in 
venture capital funds are classified as Associates or Investments in subsidiaries depending on existence of significant influence 
or control. 
Investments in venture capital funds, except for investment in Baltic Innovation Funds, are measured using the equity method 
both at the Group and the Company level. Investments in Baltic Innovation Funds are measured at fair value through profit or 
loss statement.

--- Page 394 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
74 
 
25 Fair values of assets and liabilities (cont’d) 
Investment properties 
The fair value of the Group’s / Company’s investment property is determined based on reports of independent appraisers, 
who hold a recognised and relevant professional qualification, and who have had recent experience of the valuation of 
property in similar locations and of similar category. 
Investments in property are measured at fair value applying one or complex of the following three methods: (a) ,market 
approach, (b) income approach and (c) cost approach. 
The appropriate valuation method is selected depending on the nature of property and acquisition purpose. Investment 
property represents agricultural land, which average selling price per hectare is 2,5 thousand euro. 
Assets held for sale 
Non-current assets or disposal groups classified as held for sale are measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair 
value less costs to sell. Non-current assets and disposal groups are classified as held for sale if their carrying amount is recovered 
through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use. This condition is regarded to be met only when the sale is highly 
probable and the asset or disposal group is available for immediate sale in its present condition. Management must be 
committed to the sale, and the sale transaction must be classified as a completed sale within one year from the date of 
classification. The fair value of assets held for sale is based on selling price of underling investment properties. 
26 Segment Information 
The Group’s management considers that the Group’s operations are performed in 7 operational segments: 
▪ Loan service 
▪ Guarantee service, 
▪ Venture capital fund service, 
▪ Grant service, 
▪ Land Fund service, 
▪ Management of AIF “Altum capital fund” 
▪ Other services. 
Other services include transactions with repossessed collaterals taken over in the debt collection process and development 
of new support programmes as well as transactions, which cannot be attributed to support programmes. 
Segment information is prepared in a manner consistent with the internal management information provided to the chief 
operating decision maker. The chief operating decision maker is the person or group that allocates resources to and assesses 
the performance of the operating segments of an entity. The Management board of the Company is the chief operating 
decision maker. The Group doesn’t provide detailed information on the type of transaction since all the transactions are 
external.

--- Page 395 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
75 
 
26 Segment Information (cont’d) 
Analysis of the operating segments of the Group for the period from 1 January 2021 till 30 June 2021, in thousands of euro: 
 
Loan 
service 
Guarantee 
service 
Venture 
capital 
fund 
service 
Grant 
service 
Land Fund 
service 
Management 
of AIF “Altum 
capital fund” 
Other 
services 
Total 
Interest income 
 6 645  
 1 550  
 13  
 -    
 1 108  
 -    
 2  
 9 318  
of which, interest on loans and 
guarantees (Note 4) 
 6 537  
 1 423  
 -    
 -    
 1 108  
 -    
 -    
 9 068  
Interest expense 
 (694) 
 (12) 
 -    
 -    
 (314) 
 -    
 -    
 (1 020) 
Net interest income 
 5 951  
 1 538  
 13  
 -    
 794  
 -    
 2  
 8 298  
Income for implementation of state 
aid programmes 
 88  
 322  
 2 070  
 553  
 -    
 -    
 43  
 3 076  
Expenses to be compensated for 
implementation of state aid 
programmes 
 (60) 
 (102) 
 (1 866) 
 (553) 
 -    
 -    
 (18) 
 (2 599) 
Net income for implementation of 
state aid programmes 
 30  
 220  
 204  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 23  
 477  
Gains from debt securities and 
foreign exchange translation 
 9  
 10  
 1  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 20  
Share of (losses) of investment in 
associates 
 -    
 -    
 146  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 146  
Share of gain of investment in 
associates at fair value through profit 
or loss 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Gains less losses from liabilities at fair 
value through profit or loss 
 -    
 -    
 (153) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (153) 
Other income 
 -    
 -    
 224  
 13  
 710  
 279  
 20  
 1 246  
Other expense 
 (110) 
 (29) 
 (5) 
 (16) 
 (183) 
 (279) 
 (5) 
 (627) 
Operating income / (loss) before 
operating expenses 
 5 880  
 1 739  
 430  
 (3) 
 1 321  
 -    
 40  
 9 407  
Staff costs  
 (1 742) 
 (599) 
 (85) 
 (398) 
 (125) 
 -    
 (57) 
 (3 006) 
Administrative expense 
 (423) 
 (187) 
 (67) 
 (117) 
 (37) 
 -    
 (29) 
 (860) 
Amortisation of intangible assets and 
depreciation of property, plant and 
equipment 
 (229) 
 (103) 
 (23) 
 (92) 
 (19) 
 -    
 (18) 
 (484) 
(Impairment) gain, net 
 (547) 
 1 466  
 -    
 (19) 
 (6) 
 -    
 (4) 
 890  
Profit or (loss) from assets held for 
sale revaluation 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Total segment profit/(loss) 
 2 939  
 2 316  
 255  
 (629) 
 1 134  
 -    
 (68) 
 5 947  
Financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss 
 -    
 -    
 35 602  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 35 602  
Other investments 
 -    
 -    
 15 858  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 15 858  
Investments in associates  
 -    
 -    
 8 318  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 8 318  
Additions of property and 
equipment, intangible assets and 
investment property 
 43  
 17  
 5  
 21  
 1 545  
 -    
 3  
 1 634  
Total segment assets 
 465 078  
 155 683  
 123 418  
 54 580  
 73 400  
 359  
 23 968  
 896 486  
Total segment liabilities 
 287 855  
 68 283  
 22 779  
 39 720  
 62 091  
 30  
 758  
 481 516

--- Page 396 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Notes to the Financial statements 
 
76 
 
26 Segment Information (cont’d) 
Analysis of the operating segments of the Group for the period from 1 January 2020 till 30 June 2020, in thousands of euro: 
 
Loan service 
Guarantee 
service 
Venture 
capital fund 
service 
Grant 
service 
Land Fund 
service 
Other 
services 
Total 
Interest income 
 5 402  
 1 274  
 17  
 -    
 598  
 2  
 7 293  
of which, interest on loans and guarantees 
(Note 4) 
 5 074  
 868  
 -    
 -    
 579  
 -    
 6 521  
Interest expense 
 (728) 
 (16) 
 -    
 -    
 (230) 
 -    
 (974) 
Net interest income 
 4 674  
 1 258  
 17  
 -    
 368  
 2  
 6 319  
Income for implementation of state aid 
programmes 
 431  
 250  
 1 693  
 488  
 -    
 38  
 2 900  
Expenses to be compensated for 
implementation of state aid programmes 
 (53) 
 (199) 
 (1 676) 
 (488) 
 -    
 (54) 
 (2 470) 
Net income for implementation of state aid 
programmes 
 378  
 51  
 17  
 -    
 -    
 (16) 
 430  
Gains from debt securities and foreign 
exchange translation 
 1  
 2  
 -    
 -    
 (1) 
 -    
 2  
Share of (losses) of investment in associates 
 -    
 -    
 2 018  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2 018  
Share of gain of investment in associates at 
fair value through profit or loss 
 -    
 -    
  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Gains less losses from liabilities at fair value 
through profit or loss 
 -    
 -    
 (2 018) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (2 018) 
Other income 
 -    
 -    
 567  
 3  
 497  
 329  
 1 396  
Other expense 
 (132) 
 (23) 
 (2) 
 (15) 
 (159) 
 (32) 
 (363) 
Operating income / (loss) before operating 
expenses 
 4 921  
 1 288  
 599  
 (12) 
 705  
 283  
 7 784  
Staff costs  
 (1 799) 
 (419) 
 20  
 (325) 
 (134) 
 (128) 
 (2 785) 
Administrative expense 
 (503) 
 (146) 
 (22) 
 (168) 
 (35) 
 (39) 
 (913) 
Amortisation of intangible assets and 
depreciation of property, plant and 
equipment 
 (209) 
 (83) 
 (14) 
 (77) 
 (17) 
 (16) 
 (416) 
(Impairment) gain, net 
 (2 212) 
 (956) 
 -    
 -    
 238  
 (2) 
 (2 932) 
Profit or (loss) from assets held for sale 
revaluation 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Total segment profit/(loss) 
 198  
 (316) 
 583  
 (582) 
 757  
 98  
 738  
Financial assets at fair value through profit or 
loss 
 -    
 -    
 14 651  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 14 651  
Other investments 
 -    
 -    
 37 728  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 37 728  
Investments in associates  
 -    
 -    
 250  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 250  
Additions of property and equipment, 
intangible assets and investment property 
 426  
 122  
 22  
 181  
 9 186  
 30  
 9 967  
Total segment assets 
 363 468  
 111 309  
 95 538  
 31 594  
 63 554  
 35 332  
 700 795  
Total segment liabilities 
 180 027  
 73 302  
 32 191  
 28 360  
 53 574  
 744  
 368 198  
27 Events after the reporting date 
There are no other subsequent events since the last day of the reporting year, which would have a significant effect on the 
financial position of the Group / Company.

--- Page 397 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Other Notes 
 
77 
 
OTHER NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM CONDENSED 
REPORT  
 
Key financial and performance indicators 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
78 - 79 
Definitions of indicators 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
80 - 81

--- Page 398 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Other Notes 
 
78 
 
OTHER NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED REPORT 
KEY FINANCIAL AND PERFORMANCE INDICATORS 
 
Based on data from financial statements for the respective reporting period 
 
 
2021 6M 
(unaudited) 
2021 3M 
(unaudited) 
2020 12M 
(audited) 
Key financial data 
  
  
  
Net interest income (EUR ’000) ** 
 8 298  
4 095 
 14 572  
Profit for the period (EUR ’000) 
 5 947  
2 320 
 5 539  
Cos to income ratio (CIR) *** 
46.24% 
42.04% 
47.51% 
Employees 
 222  
217 
 211  
Total assets (EUR ’000) 
 896 486  
855 956 
 850 704  
Tangible common equity (TCE) / Total tangible managed assets (TMA) **** 
34.73% 
35.67% 
33.56% 
Equity and reserves (EUR ’000) 
 414 970  
411 933 
 382 904  
Total risk coverage: (EUR ’000) 
 232 725  
226 002  
 180 205  
Risk coverage reserve 
 127 364  
119 785 
 112 567  
Risk coverage reserve used for provisions  
 (29 434) 
 (28 569) 
 (28 197) 
Portfolio loss reserve (specific reserve capital) 
 135 704  
142 134 
 102 264  
       Portfolio loss reserve used to       
       compensate provisions upon  
       approval of the annual report 
 (909) 
(7 348) 
 (6 429) 
Liquidity ratio for 180 days ***** 
346% 
 462% 
464% 
Financial instruments (gross value) 
  
  
  
Outstanding (EUR ’000) (by financial instrument) ****** 
  
  
  
Loans (excluding sales and leaseback transactions) 
 323 275  
313 185 
 302 481  
Guarantees 
 379 602  
373 708 
 359 605  
Venture capital funds 
 83 620  
75 901 
 73 165  
Land Fund, of which: 
 72 411  
70 574 
 68 258  
           - sales and leaseback transactions 
 34 263  
32 920 
 31 500  
           - investment properties 
 38 148  
37 654 
 36 758  
Total 
 858 908  
833 368  
 803 509  
Number of transactions 
 28 951  
27 560 
 26 578  
Volumes issued (EUR ’000) (by financial instrument) ****** 
  
 
  
Loans (excluding sales and leaseback transactions) 
 59 492  
33 431 
 138 238  
Guarantees 
 55 671  
28 860 
 137 425  
Venture capital funds 
 13 222  
5 406 
 14 014  
Land Fund, of which: 
 3 870  
 2 266  
 28 191  
           -  sales and leaseback transactions 
 2 214  
1 218 
 16 796  
           - investment properties 
 1 656  
1 048 
 11 395  
Total 
 132 255  
 69 964  
 317 868  
Number of transactions 
 3 270  
1 526 
 6 147  
Leverage for raised private funding 
163% 
139%  
114% 
Volume of support programmes funding per employee (EUR ’000) 
 3 869  
 3 840  
 3 808  
Long-term rating assigned by Moody’s Investors Service 
 Baa1  
 Baa1  
 Baa1  
 
* Due to change of accounting policy on investments in venture capital funds and adoption of IFRS 9 requirements that effects the accounting 
of public funding risk coverage the comparatives for 2017, 2016 and 2015 have been restated. 
** Due to reclassification of fees and commission related to lending activities following the industry practise, excludes fees and commission not 
related to lending activities, the comparatives for 2018 have been reclassified with subsequent ratio recalculation.      
*** Due to reclassification of staff and administrative costs to be compensated as well as respective income on compensation, the comparatives 
for 2018 have been reclassified with subsequent ratio recalculation.      
**** TMA includes off-balance sheet item outstanding guarantees. 
***** Liquidity ratio calculation takes into account the previous experience and management estimate of expected amount and timing of 
guarantees claims 
****** Taking into account the significance of the volume, the Land Fund portfolio, which consists of sales and leaseback transactions and 
investment properties, is also presented in the outstanding volumes and in volumes issued in the period. Since according to the accounting 
principles and IFRS the sales and leaseback transactions are accounted for under the loans, the volume of loans presented in this table has 
been reduced for the volume of the sales and leaseback transactions as it is recorded under the Land Fund portfolio.

--- Page 399 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Other Notes 
 
79 
 
OTHER NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED REPORT 
(cont’d) 
KEY FINANCIAL AND PERFORMANCE INDICATORS (cont’d) 
 
Based on data from audited financial statements for the respective years 
 
 
2020 
2019  
2018  
2017 
(corrected) * 
2016 
(corrected) * 
2015 
(corrected) * 
Key financial data 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Net interest income (EUR ’000) ** 
 14 572  
 11 569  
 11 302 ** 
 11 602  
 11 024  
 16 419  
Profit for the period (EUR ’000) 
 5 539  
 8 131  
 4 092  
 8 709 * 
 2 170  
 4 924  
Cos to income ratio (CIR) *** 
47.51% 
52.58% 
74.84% *** 
50.30% * 
88.40% 
55.80% 
Employees 
 211  
 203  
 222  
 230  
 242  
 282  
Total assets (EUR ’000) 
 850 704  
 560 061  
 495 939  
 453 668 * 
 443 400 * 
 406 918  
Tangible common equity (TCE) / Total tangible managed 
assets (TMA) **** 
33.56% 
29.40% 
31.70% 
35.10% * 
36.50% 
37.30% 
Equity and reserves (EUR ’000) 
 382 904  
 232 738  
 221 590  
 222 848 * 
 210 406 * 
 199 610  
Total risk coverage: (EUR ’000) 
 180 205  
 87 456  
 77 815  
 67 593 * 
 66 508 * 
 41 021  
Risk coverage reserve 
 112 567  
 99 778  
 85 276  
 62 651  
 63 636 * 
 40 662  
Risk coverage reserve used for provisions  
 (28 197) 
 (27 829) 
 (19 268) 
 (4 753) 
 (4 323) 
 (1 276) 
Portfolio loss reserve (specific reserve capital) 
 102 264  
 15 507  
 11 807  
 9 695  
 7 195  
 1 635  
       Portfolio loss reserve used to       
       compensate provisions upon  
       approval of the annual report 
 (6 429) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Liquidity ratio for 180 days ***** 
464% 
582% 
227% 
482% * 
449% 
352% 
Financial instruments (gross value) 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Outstanding (EUR ’000) (by financial instrument) ****** 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Loans (excluding sales and leaseback transactions) 
 302 481  
 225 144  
 210 208  
 207 065  
 217 429  
 218 562  
Guarantees 
 359 605  
 284 232  
 236 895  
 182 376  
 147 175  
 131 120  
Venture capital funds 
 73 165  
 68 331  
 59 698  
 62 299  
 64 785  
 44 378  
Land Fund, of which: 
 68 258  
 39 634  
 21 717  
 11 328  
 4 635  
 991  
           - sales and leaseback transactions 
 31 500  
 15 268  
 6 923  
 520  
 -  
 -  
           - investment properties 
 36 758  
 24 366  
 14 794  
 10 808  
 4 635  
 991  
Total 
 803 509  
 617 341  
 528 518  
 463 068  
 434 024  
 395 051  
Number of transactions 
 26 578  
 22 437  
 18 603  
 14 655  
 11 561  
 8 940  
Volumes issued (EUR ’000) (by financial instrument) ****** 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Loans (excluding sales and leaseback transactions) 
 138 238  
 64 320  
 59 608  
 51 349  
 59 465  
 52 329  
Guarantees 
 137 425  
 98 240  
 88 765  
 68 615  
 56 109  
 50 065  
Venture capital funds 
 14 014  
 9 022  
 4 149  
 2 638  
 21 356  
 18 798  
Land Fund, of which 
 28 191  
 16 384  
 10 823  
 6 359  
 3 704  
 991  
           -  sales and leaseback transactions 
 16 796  
 7 239  
 6 835  
 520  
 -     
 -     
           - investment properties 
 11 395  
 9 145  
 3 988  
 5 839  
 3 704  
 991  
Total 
 317 868  
 187 966  
 163 345  
 128 961  
 140 634  
 122 183  
Number of transactions 
 6 147  
 5 559  
 5 590  
 4 839  
 4 537  
 2 841  
Total contribution to the economy, including the contribution 
of the final recipients (tEUR) 
696 305 
 531 661  
 460 045  
370 560  
359 706  
248 665  
Leverage for raised private funding 
114% 
142% 
162% 
185% 
162% 
104% 
Volume of support programmes funding per employee (EUR 
’000) 
 3 808  
 3 041  
 2 381  
 2 013  
 1 793  
 1 401  
Long-term rating assigned by Moody’s Investors Service 
 Baa1  
 Baa1   
 Baa1   
 Baa1   
 -   
 -   
 
* Due to change of accounting policy on investments in venture capital funds and adoption of IFRS 9 requirements that effects the accounting of public funding risk 
coverage the comparatives for 2017, 2016 and 2015 have been restated. 
** Due to reclassification of fees and commission related to lending activities following the industry practise, excludes fees and commission not related to lending 
activities, the comparatives for 2018 have been reclassified with subsequent ratio recalculation.      
*** Due to reclassification of staff and administrative costs to be compensated as well as respective income on compensation, the comparatives for 2018 have been 
reclassified with subsequent ratio recalculation.      
**** TMA includes off-balance sheet item outstanding guarantees. 
***** Liquidity ratio calculation takes into account the previous experience and management estimate of expected amount and timing of guarantees claims 
****** Taking into account the significance of the volume, the Land Fund portfolio, which consists of sales and leaseback transactions and investment properties, is also 
presented in the outstanding volumes and in volumes issued in the period. Since according to the accounting principles and IFRS the sales and leaseback transactions 
are accounted for under the loans, the volume of loans presented in this table has been reduced for the volume of the sales and leaseback transactions as it is recorded 
under the Land Fund portfolio.

--- Page 400 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Other Notes 
 
80 
 
Definitions of ratios  
Net income from interest, 
fees and commission 
“Net income from interest, fees and commission” is equal to the item “Net interest income” in the Statement 
of Comprehensive Income. Until 2018 this ratio included the following items of the Statement of 
Comprehensive Income: “Net interest income” and “Net income from fees and commissions”. In 2019 
following the industry practise Fee and commission income from lending activities is reclassified to Interest 
income from “Net income from fees and commissions”. Subsequently the fee and commission income not 
related to lending activities is reclassified within Other income and as such is not included in this ratio. The item 
“Net income from fees and commissions” is not applicable in The Statement of Comprehensive Income 
anymore. The comparatives have been reclassified accordingly. ALTUM uses this indicator as the key financial 
metric for profitability by evaluating ALTUM Group’s net income amount generated by the portfolio of financial 
instruments and recognised in the Statement of Comprehensive income. ALTUM management measures and 
monitors the actual performance of this indicator on a quarterly basis compared to the approved level in 
ALTUM Group’s budget. 
Cost to income ratio (CIR) 
“Cost to income ratio” (CIR) is calculated by dividing the amount of “Staff costs”, “Administrative expense”, 
“Amortisation of intangible assets and depreciation of property, plant and equipment” by “Operating income 
before operating expenses” included in the Statement of Comprehensive Income. ALTUM uses CIR to evaluate 
the operational efficiency. This is one of the measures of operational efficiency which ALTUM management 
assesses on a quarterly basis in the management reports to evaluate the outputs from different operational 
activities and efficiency improving measures. 
Tangible common equity 
(TCE) / Tangible managed 
assets (TMA) 
“Tangible Common Equity” (TCE) is calculated by subtracting the revaluation reserve of available for sale 
investments from total equity. 
The amount of “Total managed assets” (TMA) is calculated by adding the guarantees shown as off-balance 
sheet items to the total assets of ALTUM Group taking into account provisions for these guarantees and 
subtracting “Deferred expense”, “Accrued income”, “Property, plant and equipment”, “Intangible assets”, 
“Other assets” and “Assets held for sale”.  
Data for the calculation of both indicators (TCE, TMA) are obtained from ALTUM Group’s Financial statements: 
Statement of Financial Position and Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity, notes - Off balance sheet 
items and contingent liabilities and Provisions. ALTUM uses the ratio “TCE/TMA” to evaluate ALTUM Group’s 
capital position adequacy and to measure ALTUM Group’s tangible common equity in terms of ALTUM Group’s 
tangible managed assets including the off-balance sheet item Guarantee portfolio. The Risk and Liquidity 
Management Committee of ALTUM monitors its level on a quarterly basis.  
Total risk coverage 
“Total Risk Coverage” is the net funding available for covering the expected credit losses of the State aid 
programmes implemented by ALTUM. “Total Risk Coverage” is calculated as the total of “Risk Coverage 
Reserve” and “Portfolio Loss Reserve” (Specific Capital Reserves) less “Risk Coverage Reserve Used for 
Provisions” and “Portfolio loss reserve used to compensate provisions upon approval of the annual report”. The 
expected losses are estimated before implementation of the respective State aid programme and part of the 
public funding received under respective State aid programme for coverage of expected losses on credit risk 
is transferred either to “Portfolio Loss Reserve” as ALTUM Group’s specific capital reserve or accounted 
separately as provisions for risk coverage under liabilities item “Risk Coverage Reserve”. “Portfolio Loss Reserve” 
(specific capital reserve) is disclosed in the Note on Reserves to the Financial statements of the ALTUM Group. 
“Risk Coverage Reserve” is disclosed in the Note on Support Programme Funding to the Financial statements 
of ALTUM Group. “Risk Coverage Reserve Used for Provisions” is the amount of “Risk Coverage Reserve” 
allocated to and used for provisioning for impairment loss on loan portfolio and guarantees which in its turn is 
disclosed in the Note on Support Programme Funding to the Financial statements of ALTUM Group. “Portfolio 
loss reserve used to compensate provisions upon approval of the annual report” is disclosed in the Note on 
Reserves to the Financial statements of the ALTUM Group. 
“Total Risk Coverage” is key indicator to be used for assessment of ALTUM’s risk coverage on implemented 
programmes and long-term financial stability.  
180-day liquidity ratio 
“180-days-liquidity ratio” is calculated by dividing the amount of the balances “Due from other credit 
institutions and the Treasury” with a maturity of up to 1 month and “Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income and Investment securities” by the amount of the total liabilities maturing within 6 
months and total financial commitments maturing within 6 months (off-balance sheet items). The data 
required for the calculation of the “180-days liquidity ratio” is disclosed in the following ALTUM Group’s Financial 
statements: Statement of Financial Position and notes – Maturity profile of assets and liabilities under the section 
of Risk Management, Off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities. ALTUM uses the “180-days-liquidity 
ratio” to assess and monitor ALTUM Group’s ability to fulfil ALTUM Group’s contractual and/or contingent 
liabilities during 6 (six) month with the currently available liquidity resources. “180-days-liquidity ratio” helps to 
manage ALTUM Group’s liquidity risk in line with ALTUM Group’s/ALTUM’s funding management objectives and 
risk framework. Risk and Liquidity Management Committee of ALTUM monitors its level on a quarterly basis. 
Total contribution to the 
economy, including the 
participation of the final 
recipients, by volumes 
issued in the period 
The 'Total contribution to the economy, including the participation of the final recipients, by volumes issued in 
the period’ is calculated by adding to the volumes issued by ALTUM the financing provided by the private co-
financier and the project promoter.

--- Page 401 ---
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 
Other Notes 
 
81 
 
Definition of ratios (cont’d) 
Leverage for raised private 
funding 
“Leverage for raised private funding” indicates the amount of additional private funds invested in a project in 
addition to ALTUM’s financing. “Leverage for raised private funding” is determined considering the financing 
invested by a private co-financier and a project’s implementer, which, on average, makes up to 50 per cent 
for loans, up to 70 per cent for guarantees and venture capital (except for housing loan guarantees’ 
programme for the first instalment with a ratio of 795 per cent) in addition to ALTUM’s funding. 
Employees 
Average number of employees in the period excluding members of the Council and the Audit Committee. 
Volume of support 
programmes funding per 
employee 
"Support programmes funding per employee" is calculated by dividing the gross value of the Financial 
Instruments Portfolio by the average number of employees during the period, excluding members of the 
Supervisory Council and the Audit Committee. 
Venture capital 
The Venture Capital Funds presented at their gross value.

--- Page 402 ---
AS “ATTĪSTĪBAS FINANŠU INSTITŪCIJA ALTUM” 
Unaudited interim condensed financial report  
for the six-month period ended 30 June 2020

--- Page 403 ---
1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page  
 
 
Altum Group 
2 
 
Management Report 
3 - 10 
 
Supervisory Board and Management Board 
11 
 
Statement of Management’s Responsibility 
12 
 
 
Financial statements: 
 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
13 
 
Statement of Financial Position 
14  
 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
15 
 
Company’s Statement of Changes in Equity 
16 
 
Statement of Cash Flows 
17 
 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
18 - 51 
 
 
Other Notes to the Interim Condensed Financial Statements 
52 - 55 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AS Attīstības finanšu institūcija Altum 
Doma laukums 4, Riga, LV-1050, Latvia 
Phone: 
+ 371 67774010 
Fax:
+ 371 67820143
Registration No: 
50103744891 
www.altum.lv

--- Page 404 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu institūcija Altum”  
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
2 
Altum Group 
MISSION 
We help Latvia grow!  
VISION  
To be a partner and financial expert in economic development  
VALUES 
Excellence / Team / Responsibility 
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum - a parent company of Altum Group is a financial institution owned by the state 
of Latvia that implements the aid and development programmes by means of financial instruments and grants, pursues the 
state’s policy in the national economy and provides for execution of other government assignments stipulated and delegated 
by laws and regulations. Closing of market gaps by the help of various support instruments that enhance development of the 
national economy is the fundamental purpose of Altum’s activities. 
 
Long-term objectives until 2021 
Following strategic development directions and long-term objectives are set in the approved JSC Development Finance 
Institution Altum Strategy for the period 2019 – 2021:
 Major financial objective in implementation of the state 
aid programmes – positive return on Altum’s capital.  
 Major non-financial objective is to support and promote 
availability of finances to the business and development 
of the national economy.  
 Priority directions of Altum are: issuing of guarantees and 
their 
servicing, 
venture 
capital 
investments, 
implementation of energy efficiency programmes with 
regard to both – heat insulation of multi-apartment  
buildings and corporate segment, development of the 
Latvian Land Fund as well as initiation of new projects by 
expanding the range of the financial instruments 
offered.  
 Main target segments: support to entrepreneurs; energy 
efficiency; support to farmers; support to specific 
categories of persons; management of the Latvian Land 
Fund.

--- Page 405 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum” 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
3 
 
Management Report 
Activity during the reporting period 
During the 6 months of year 2020, the Development Finance Institution Altum group (hereinafter – the Group) and the Group’s 
parent company, the joint-stock company Development Finance Institution Altum (hereinafter – the Company), earned a 
profit of EUR 0.74 million.  
Key financial and performance indicators of the Group 
 
2020 6M 
(unaudited) 
2019 6M 
(unaudited) 
2019  
(audited) 
Key financial data 
 
 
 
Net interest income (EUR ’000) 
6 319  
5 479 
11 569  
Profit for the period (EUR ’000) 
738  
5 174  
8 131  
Cos to income ratio (CIR) 
52.85% 
57.00% 
52.58% 
Employees 
205  
202  
203  
Total assets (EUR ’000) 
700 967  
517 234  
560 061  
Tangible common equity (TCE) / Total tangible managed assets (TMA) * 
34.53% 
29.33% 
29.40% 
Equity and reserves (EUR ’000) 
332 769  
226 542  
232 738  
Total risk coverage: (EUR ’000) 
195 453  
76 955  
87 456  
Risk coverage reserve 
109 441  
87 651  
99 778  
Risk coverage reserve used for provisions  
(29 495) 
(22 503) 
(27 829) 
Portfolio loss reserve (specific reserve capital) 
115 507  
11 807  
15 507  
Liquidity ratio for 180 days ** 
348% 
340% 
582% 
Financial instruments (gross value) 
  
  
 
Outstanding (EUR ’000) (by financial instrument) 
  
  
 
Loans (excluding sales and leaseback transactions) 
264 316  
217 057  
225 144  
Guarantees 
321 987  
273 270  
284 232  
Venture capital funds 
68 589  
63 196  
68 331  
Land Fund, of which: 
52 304  
31 858  
39 634  
           - sales and leaseback transactions 
18 814  
11 692  
15 268  
           - investment properties 
33 490  
20 166  
24 366  
Total 
707 196  
585 381  
617 341  
Number of transactions 
24 085  
20 441  
22 437  
Volumes issued (EUR ’000) (by financial instrument) 
  
  
 
Loans (excluding sales and leaseback transactions) 
66 606  
29 183  
64 320  
Guarantees 
68 734  
56 122  
98 240  
Venture capital funds 
2 939  
4 372  
9 022  
Land Fund, of which: *** 
12 501  
9 213  
16 384  
           -  sales and leaseback transactions 
3 528  
3 840  
7 239  
           - investment properties 
8 973  
5 373  
9 145  
Total 
150 780  
98 890  
187 966  
Number of transactions 
2 729  
2 925  
5 559  
Leverage for raised private funding 
93% 
137% 
142% 
Volume of support programmes funding per employee (EUR ’000) 
3 450  
2 898  
3 041  
Long-term rating assigned by Moody’s Investors Service 
Baa1  
Baa1  
Baa1  
 
* TMA includes off-balance sheet item outstanding guarantees. 
** The calculation of Liquidity ratio takes into account the previous experience and management estimate of expected amount and timing of guarantees claims. 
*** Taking into account the significance of the volume, the Land Fund portfolio, which consists of sales and leaseback transactions and investment properties, is also 
presented in the outstanding volumes and in volumes issued in the period. Since according to the accounting principles and IFRS the sales and leaseback transactions 
are accounted for under the loans, the volume of loans presented in this table has been reduced for the volume of the sales and leaseback transactions as it is recorded 
under the Land Fund portfolio. The operational volumes for 6 months of 2019 have been adjusted accordingly. 
The figures are explained in the section “Key Financial and Performance Indicators” under Other Notes to the Group’s Financial 
Statements.

--- Page 406 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum” 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
4 
 
Management Report (cont’d) 
Operational volumes  
Since March, as delegated by the government, the Group has engaged actively in mitigating the adverse impact of Covid-
19 on the business sector in Latvia by developing new financial support instruments in co-operation with the Ministry of 
Economics, The work outcome is reflected clearly in the operating results of the first half of 2020. 
The core business lines of the Group include lending, issuing of guarantees, investments in venture capital funds and 
transactions of the Latvian Land Fund (hereinafter - the Land Fund) activities that form the Group’s portfolio. 
As at 30 June 2020, the Group’s gross portfolio was EUR 707 million consisting of 24,085 projects (31.12.2019: EUR 617 million and 
22,437). 
In the first half of 2020, the Group’s portfolio increased by EUR 90 million (+14.6%) in terms of volume and by 1,648 projects 
regarding the number of projects (+7.4%) compared to the end of 2019. Its growth in the first half of 2020 is higher than in the 
respective period of 2019, when the portfolio increased by EUR 67.8 million (+12.8%). In the second quarter of 2020, the Group’s 
portfolio increased considerably faster, both in terms of volume and the number of projects, compared to the first quarter, 
which was mainly because of the support to entrepreneurs for overcoming the negative effects of Covid-19 provided using 
the Group’s financial instruments: in the second quarter, the Group’s portfolio increased by EUR 75.9 million, of which under 
the support programmes for minimising the Covid-19 effect - by EUR 56.1 million, and by 976 projects, of which 361 projects 
under the support programmes for minimising the Covid-19 effect; while in the first quarter, the portfolio grew by EUR 14 million 
and 673 projects. 
 
 
Group 30/06/2020 
In the first half of 2020, the greatest upsurge was demonstrated by the Land Fund with operations increasing by EUR 12.7 million 
(+32%) which is more than in the respective period of 2019 when the Land Fund’s operations increased by EUR 10.1 million 
(+46.7%). The number of projects in the Land Fund in the first six months of 2020 increased by 133 projects (+23%), while in the 
corresponding period in 2019 this increase was faster, when it increased by 148 projects (+45.8), indicating that transactions 
take place less frequently, but the properties purchased are larger and at a higher price; the average volume of concluded 
transactions has increased by 50%. 
As at 30 June 2020, the balance sheet of the Land Fund included 826 properties with a total land area of 16,626 ha and 
amounting to EUR 52.3 million, including investment properties with a total area of 10,289 ha and amounting to EUR 33.5 million 
(31.12.2019: 7,996 ha; EUR 24.4 million), and leaseback transactions for 6,337 ha amounting to EUR 18.8 million (31.12.2019: 
5,404 ha; EUR 15.3 million). 
In the first half of 2020, the loan portfolio increased by EUR 39.2 million (+17.4%), which is twice as much as in the respective 
period of 2019, when the loan portfolio increased by EUR 18.5 million (+8.8%), while the number of transactions in the loan 
portfolio increased by 181 (+3%), which is less than in the same period of 2019, when their number increased by 220 projects 
(+ 4%). As the negative impact of Covid-19 on the economy increased, the number of new transactions declined, however, 
the average transaction volume in the loan portfolio increased from EUR 35.7 thousand as at 30 June 2019 to EUR 44.3 thousand 
in the same period of 2020. It should be noted that the loan portfolio increased significantly in the second quarter of 2020, 
growing by EUR 38.2 million (+16.9%), mainly due to the lending programme introduced by the Group for mitigating the Covid-
19 effect (+EUR 31.7 million). Notwithstanding the consequences brought by Covid-19 to global and Latvian economy, in the 
first six months of 2020 the Group's loan portfolio continued to grow also in programs that are not related to mitigating the

--- Page 407 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum” 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
5 
 
Management Report (cont’d) 
Operational volumes (cont’d) 
negative impact of Covid-19: loans for acquisition of agricultural land intended for agricultural production (+EUR 6.1 million), 
SME growth loans (+EUR 4.3 million) and small loans in rural areas (+ EUR 2.2 million). 
In the first half of 2020, the guarantee portfolio increased by EUR 37.8 million (+13.3%), which is more than in the respective 
period in 2019, when the guarantee portfolio grew by EUR 36.4 million (+15.4%). In turn, the number of projects in the guarantee 
portfolio increased by 1,324 projects (+8.5%), while in the respective period in 2019 it grew by 1,926 projects (+16.2%). The 
business environment becoming more unpredictable, the average transaction volume of guarantees in the portfolio has also 
increased. Its largest increase in the first six months of 2020 was ensured by the loan guarantee programmes for the Covid-19 
affected businesses (+24.4 million EUR) as well as Housing Guarantees for Families with Children (+EUR 6 million), loan 
guarantees for entrepreneurs (+EUR 5.7 million), Housing Guarantees for Young Professionals (+EUR 2.4 million). 
In the first half of 2020, the venture capital funds increased by EUR 0.26 million (+0.38%) in terms of volume and by 10 projects 
(+4.2%) in terms of the number of transactions. 
The largest portfolio of the Group is formed in the SMEs and Midcaps segment – 42.5%, while the Agriculture segment accounts 
for - 27%, Individuals – 20.8% and Financial intermediaries - 9.7%. The transactions of the Land Fund are recorded under the 
Agriculture segment. 
Given the state aid programmes to support  entrepreneurs in mitigating the Covid-19 effect, in the first six months of 2020 the 
largest growth was demonstrated by the SMEs and Midcaps segment, namely,+EUR 57.6 million (+23.7%), which is three times 
more than in the respective period in 2019 when its growth reached EUR 7.7 million (+8%). In the first half of 2020, the Agriculture 
segment increased by EUR 23.9 million (+14.4%), which is more than in the first half of 2019 when the portfolio in this segment 
grew by EUR 15 million (+11%), and likewise the portfolio increase in the Individuals segment was by EUR 8.5 million (+6%). 
However, taking into account the Covid-19 related decrease in economic activity, the growth rates of the Individuals segment 
in the first half of 2020 were significantly lower than in the first half of 2019, when it increased by EUR 20.2 million (+18.9%). If the 
segment Financial Intermediaries in the first half of 2019 increased by EUR 3.43 million (+5.7%), then in the same period of 2020 
there was a decrease in this segment by EUR 0.13 million (-0.2%), which was due to the successfully implemented recent 
investment in the first generation venture capital funds, thus fully closing it. 
Non-financial instrument portfolio 
In order to make accessing to the support instruments more convenient for its clients, apart from the financial instruments, the 
Group services some grant programmes as well, namely, the grants issued under the Energy Efficiency Programme for Multi-
apartment Buildings (EEPMB), Social Entrepreneurship Programme and European Local Energy Assistance (ELENA) Programme. 
 
Group 30/06/2020 
As at 30 June 2020, the EEPMB programme had awarded a total of 298 grants for EUR 60 million, of which 28 grants for EUR 6 
million were granted in the second quarter of 2020. It should be noted that successful progress of the EEPMB programme 
requires direct involvement of the inhabitants and, consequently, their awareness of renovation solutions, investments and 
benefits. Commercial banks have an equally significant role in the programme execution. Therefore, effective and efficient 
communication with inhabitants, their authorised persons and the banks was one of the core factors in the utilization of funds. 
As at 30 June 2020, 885 applications were submitted to the programme and since 11 January 2020 the programme has been

--- Page 408 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum” 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
6 
 
Management Report (cont’d) 
Non-financial instrument portfolio (cont’d) 
suspended and no new applications have been accepted; however, on 30 June 2020, the Cabinet approved amendments 
to the relevant Cabinet regulations, allocating additional funding of EUR 35 million earmarked for financing newly submitted 
projects. 
As at 30 June 2020, a total of 84 grants for EUR 5.1 million were awarded under the Social Entrepreneurship Programme. 
In order to promote and support planning of the energy efficiency projects, Altum, acting in co-operation with the European 
Investment Bank, provides to companies a supplementary support grant earmarked for covering the costs related to expertise 
and drafting of energy efficiency projects. As at 30 June 2020, there were a total of 39 grants awarded for EUR 138 thousand. 
Volume of new transactions 
In the first half of 2020, the total funding disbursed for the implementation of the state aid programmes amounted to EUR 150.8 
million, breaking down as follows: 46% (EUR 68.7 million) for guarantee programmes, 44% (EUR 66.6 million) in loan programmes, 
8% (EUR 12.5 million) in the Land Fund transactions and 2% (EUR 2.9 million) in investments in the venture capital funds. In total, 
support was given to 2,729 projects. Compared to the same period last year, the volume of the new transactions was larger 
by 52% (EUR 51.9 million) in the first half of 2020. Assessing the Group's quarterly operations, the volume of new business in the 
second quarter of 2020 was 2.5 times higher than in the first quarter (EUR 42.9 million in the first quarter and EUR 107.8 million in 
the second quarter); such a result was due to the activities of the Group and Latvian state institutions involved in reducing the 
negative impact of Covid-19 upon the business sector. 
 
 
Group 30/06/2020 
In the reporting period, the largest volume of the new transactions was recorded in the following segments: SMEs and Mid-
caps – 65.5%, Agriculture – 21.8%, Individuals – 10.7% and Financial Intermediaries – 2%. As a result of the implementation of 
the already mentioned Covid-19 crisis-related support programmes, the volume of new transactions in the SMEs and Midcaps 
significantly increased during the reporting period, namely, compared to the first half of 2019 the respective volume has 
increased twice. Likewise, it was 1.5 times higher in the segment Agriculture, which was much aided by the high activity in the 
Land Fund transactions. However, taking into account the decreasing and cautious economic activity caused by the Covid-
19 crisis, in the first half of 2020 the new transaction volume dropped in the segments Financial Intermediaries and Individuals, 
where it was by 32.8% and 31% lower than in 2019, respectively. For these segments, support measures to mitigate the negative 
effects of Covid-19. 
During the first six months of 2020, the number of new loans issued amounted to EUR 66.6 million or 2.2 times more (+EUR 37.4 
million) as in the respective period in 2019. Most of the growth was brought about by the implementation of the Covid-19 crisis-
related loan programme, under which EUR 31.7 million were disbursed (all transactions took place in the second quarter), as 
well as the new loans under the SME Growth Loan Programme amounting to EUR 13 million and the loans amounting to EUR 
8.6 million for acquisition of agricultural land intended for agricultural production. 
In the reporting period there were issued new guarantees for EUR 68.7 million or by 22.5% more against the respective period 
in 2019. Most of the new guarantees amounting to EUR 24.4 million were issued under the loan guarantee programmes for the 
Covid-19 affected businesses.

--- Page 409 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum” 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
7 
 
Management Report (cont’d) 
Volume of new transactions (cont’d) 
Having launched the European Investment Fund (EIF) COSME and EaSI counter guarantees for loans up to EUR 25 thousand 
the Group has already supported 306 projects (COSME – 55 projects, EaSI – 251 projects) of which 95 projects were supported 
in the first half of 2020. If the loan is compatible with COSME or EaSI guarantee terms and conditions, the start-up and micro 
loans, working capital loans to farmers or small loans in rural areas are granted without additional collateral, based solely on 
a personal guarantee and at a lower interest rate compared to other types of unsecured loans.  
As at 30 June 2020, as part of the Housing Guarantee Programme for Families with Children a total of 14,206 guarantees for 
EUR 104.5 million of the state aid for housing acquisition was granted, of which guarantees worth EUR 3.8 million were issued in 
the second quarter of 2020. The Programme’s guarantees that help saving for the first instalment required to obtain a 
mortgage loan are used by families throughout Latvia: of the total number of the issued guarantees 77% were granted in Riga 
and its conurbations, 8% - in Kurzeme, 7% - in Zemgale, 5% - in Vidzeme and 3% - in Latgale. While a total of 2,132 guarantees 
worth EUR 15.5 million were issued to young professionals of which 149 guarantees worth EUR 1.2 million were issued in the 
second quarter of 2020. 
In the first half of 2020, the managers of the 4th generation venture capital funds made investments of EUR 692 thousand (the 
Company’s share – 100%). All investments were made by the managers of the acceleration pre-seed funds making a total of 
15 new pre-seed investments. It should be noted that the Covid-19 crisis has encumbered making new investments - 
acceleration fund managers have found it difficult to select teams, run the Accelerator Program and make investments due 
to travel restrictions - this is especially true for teams with participants from abroad. In some cases, managers take a wait and 
see approach in the Venture Capital Programme. At the same time, in the reporting period, the investments made within the 
framework of the Baltic Innovation Fund and Baltic Innovation Fund 2 amounted to EUR 1.58 million and EUR 0.67 million 
respectively.  
This year FlyCap Mezzanine Fund II, one of the 4th generation funds, has attracted a new investor – Nordic Environment 
Finance Corporation (NEFCO) that invested EUR 1 million in the fund. NEFCO was established by the governments of five Nordic 
countries - Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway and Sweden. Altum’s investment in the fund is EUR 11 million.  
In the first half of 2020, the activities of the Land Fund steadily increased, carrying out land acquisition transactions for EUR 9 
million, which is by EUR 3.6 million more than in the respective period in 2019, and concluding leaseback transactions for EUR 
3.5 million, which is by EUR 0.3 million less than in the respective period in 2019. In general, the volume of the new Land Fund 
transactions in the first half of 2020 increased by 35.7% in comparison to the new transactions carried out in the first half of 
2019. 
New products and increasing operational efficiency  
The existence of novel coronavirus (Covid-19) was confirmed in early 2020 and by now it has spread across the world, Latvia 
including, significantly affecting business and economic activities. Since the beginning of March 2020, Altum has engaged 
actively in mitigating the adverse impact of Covid-19 on the business sector by promptly developing new financial support 
instruments in co-operation with the Ministry of Economics. The first regulations on financial support instruments were already 
approved by the Cabinet on 19 March 2020. 
Entrepreneurs who have experienced objective difficulties in meeting their obligations to credit institutions are offered loan 
guarantees both for the existing and new banking services, thus enabling banks to postpone principal loan payments for up 
to two years and obtain additional security in the form of a guarantee. This provides liquidity support to Covid-19-affected 
businesses to overcome the crisis. The state budget funding of EUR 50 million is used for the implementation of the financial 
instrument enabling the Group to issue EUR 240 million in guarantees and making banks able to restructure loans for the total 
amount of EUR 715 million.  
Working capital loans on favourable terms are offered as the second type of support already approved on 19 March 2020 for 
businesses whose operations have been substantially reduced and requiring liquidity support. The total volume of the 
programme amounts to EUR 200 million with EUR 50 million contributed by the state budget and EUR 150 million being loans 
from the Treasury and international financial institutions. On 8 July 2020, a loan agreement with the European Investment Bank 
(EIB) was signed which provides additional funding facility of EUR 80 million for financing the Covid-19-related working capital 
loans. 
In order to reduce the negative impact of Covid-19, until 31 December 2020, it is permitted to provide export credit guarantees 
to companies, regardless of the exporting country, in accordance with Cabinet Regulation No. 866 of 20 December 2016 
‘Regulation on Granting Short-Term Export Credit Guarantees to Businesses and Relevant Agricultural Service Cooperatives’. 
In such circumstances, export credit guarantees are also possible to EU Member States from which there is no exporter.

--- Page 410 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum” 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
8 
 
Management Report (cont’d) 
New products and increasing operational efficiency (cont’d) 
In June 2020, the EIF approved financing for Altum's application to the EIF Covid-19-related guarantee instrument under 
COSME Loan Guarantee Facility, which provides guarantees up to 80% of the loan amount, if not exceeding EUR 150 thousand 
and granted under the COVID-19 crisis-related loan programme. 
In addition to the existing financial support instruments for mitigating the impact of Covid-19, on 14 July 2020, the Cabinet 
approved regulations for new financial support instruments for large businesses. 
Large enterprises in need of financing as impacted by Covid-19 are offered investment loan and working capital loan 
guarantees for new loans up to 90% of the loan amount, while for existing loans no more than 90% of the principal amount 
deferred. The state budget funding of EUR 40 million will be used for the implementation of this programme ensuring issuance 
of guarantees to the existing and new financial services for a total indicative amount up to EUR 450 million. 
Already in April, at an extraordinary meeting, the government endorsed the proposal to create an Equity Fund to support 
large companies; it will consist of public and private funding and will be managed by the Company. On May 26, the Board 
of the Financial Capital and Market Commission made a decision to register the joint stock company Development Finance 
Institution Altum as an alternative investment fund manager and on July 31 the limited partnership and alternative investment 
fund Altum Capital Fund was registered with the Register of Enterprises of the Republic of Latvia. The Cabinet Regulation ’On 
Capital Investments in Enterprises whose Operations have been Affected by the Spread of Covid-19’, which sets out the 
procedure for the establishment of alternative investment funds for the support of large enterprises affected by the Covid-19 
crisis, was approved at the Cabinet meeting of 14 July. The fund is created with the aim to support well-managed, perspective 
enterprises facing temporary difficulties as a result of the Covid-19 crisis, as well as large enterprises that as a result of the virus 
impact are ready to adjust their operations by changing their business model, adjusting product development, introducing 
new technology and expanding to new export markets. The fund’s total size will be EUR 100 million, consisting in equal parts 
of public and private financing – EUR 50 million of public funds and EUR 50 million raised from the companies managing the 
state-funded pension schemes. On 23 July, the limited partnership signed an agreement with the first private investor. The 
share of public funding will not exceed 50% of the fund’s total capital. The alternative investment fund will be making 
investments in the companies’ capital, quasi-capital and corporate bonds. Up to EUR 10 million will be invested in one 
company. It is planned to support 20 to 30 large enterprises through the fund. 
At the beginning of 2020, an agreement with the EIF on a counter-guarantee for large businesses of EUR 12 million was signed 
which will enable to support innovative and digitalisation projects at the same time providing a higher risk coverage for the 
Group. 
Provision of energy services as a branch of economic activity is common in a number of developed countries around the 
world; however, it is merely in its inception stage in Latvia. Considering the needs of energy service companies (ESCOs) for 
funding and the current terms of attracting investment to private sector, in April 2020 the Cabinet adopted amendments to 
its regulations governing the SME Growth Loans Programme coming forth with a new financial instrument for ESCO 
development that provides for a loan to acquire the future cash flow and earmarking additional EUR 2 million of the public 
funding. 
On 30 June 2020, the Cabinet approved amendments to the relevant Cabinet regulations on the Guarantee Programme for 
Improvement of Energy Efficiency of Multi-apartment Buildings (EEPMB), allocating additional funding of EUR 35 million to 
grants to be used for financing the submitted new projects. At the same time, amendments to the Cabinet regulations 
envisage new terms and conditions for the selection of suppliers, simplifying the current procedure for concluding supply, 
service and construction contracts.  
On 30 June 2020, the Cabinet approved amendments to the Housing Guarantee Program, improving the existing one for the 
purchase of housing for families with children, both increasing the maximum transaction amount and giving the right to apply 
for support also to families where family growth is still expected. Moreover, the Cabinet approved the launch of a new support 
program “Balsts” (Support), which will provide for receiving a non-refundable state subsidy or grant for the purchase or 
construction of housing for families with three or more children. In total, EUR 3.5 million will be available for support of large 
families, thus enabling 400 large families to buy a new home. 
In April 2020, the Cabinet Regulations “Regulations on Granting Study Loans and Student Loans from the Funds of Credit 
Institutions Guaranteed from the State Budget” were approved making it possible to introduce the new study and student 
loan model to ensure the availability of funding from the beginning of the new academic year 2020/2021. The major 
advantage of the new lending model consists of revoking the requirement for another guarantor and simplification of some 
procedures (digitalisation of the services, remote conclusion of the agreements using e-signature) that would provide for 
receipt of a loan within the shortest time possible. On 29 June, the Group announced a selection of credit institutions for issuing 
study and student loans guaranteed by the Group. Any credit institution that is entitled to provide lending services in Latvia

--- Page 411 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum” 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
9 
 
Management Report (cont’d) 
New products and increasing operational efficiency (cont’d) 
and wishes to issue loans to students can apply for the Group's portfolio guarantees. Given that credit institutions require a 
different time period for preparing the necessary infrastructure and processes, there is no time limit for submitting applications 
and it is possible to apply for study and student loan portfolio guarantees without a time limit. 
At the same time, acting in a responsible way  towards the health of employees and customers and following the 
recommendations of the responsible institutions on actions that would help reduce the risks of virus spread, from 13 March the 
Group continues to provide all services remotely via the customer portal mans.altum.lv, as well as through telephone and 
video consultations, thus ensuring continuous access to the services provided by the Group. 
In the first six months of 2020, proceeding with the centralised reviewing of the applications for micro loans (up to EUR 25 
thousand) introduced within the framework of automation and increasing of the Group’s operational efficiency, 38% of the 
total number of the granted loans (excl. Covid-19 crisis related loans) were reviewed remotely without involving the regional 
employees in the application reviewing process. The average loan amount in the regions has increased from EUR 72.1 
thousand in the first six months of 2019 to EUR 75 thousand in the same period of 2020, while the average loan amount reviewed 
remotely on a centralised basis in the first six months of 2020 was EUR 13.5 thousand. 
Long-term Funding  
On 8 April 2020, in order to maintain long-term participation in the capital markets and diversify the funding base, the 
Company issued debt securities with a total amount of EUR 20 million as the second issue of bonds within the framework of 
the EUR 70 million bond issue programme, recording a yield of 1.3% per annum. The debt securities were issued in addition to 
EUR 10 million bonds issued on 7 March 2018 and EUR 15 million bonds issued on 5 June 2019 with the maturity date on 7 March 
2025 and a fixed annual interest rate of 1.3% (ISIN LV0000880037), which are listed on the Nasdaq Riga Bond list. The emission 
attracted much interest of investors in Latvia, Lithuania and Estonia and the bonds were oversubscribed 3.8 times. The bonds 
were allocated to 15 investors in the Baltics: 12 asset managers and insurance companies (93%), and 3 banks (7%). 
Rating  
On 9 April 2020, the International credit rating agency Moody’s Investors Service (Moody’s) published the updated credit 
analysis of the Company.  
On 25 March 2019, Moody’s reconfirmed the Company’s (the parent company of the Group) Baa1 long-term credit rating. 
The baseline credit assessment (BCA) was upgraded from Ba2 to Baa3 and the P-2 short-term rating was approved. The long-
term credit rating was approved with a stable outlook.  
In June 2017 for the first time Moody’s assigned to the Company a long-term credit rating Baa1 which is one of the highest 
credit ratings assigned to a corporate entity in Latvia.  
The assigned rating and being a regular participant in the capital market as well as bond issuance makes it possible for the 
Group to implement more successfully the Group’s long-term strategy for fund raising. 
Risk Management  
In order to have an adequate risk management, the Group has developed the Risk Management System that provides both 
preventive risk management and timely implementation of risk mitigation or prevention measures. While assuming risks, the 
Group retains the long-term capability of implementing the established operational targets and assignments. To manage risks, 
the Group applies various risk management methods and instruments as well as establishes risk limits and restrictions. The 
choice of the risk management methods is based on the materiality of the particular risk and its impact on the Group’s 
operations. 
In view of the Group’s activities in high-risk areas when implementing the state aid programmes, as at the end of the reporting 
period the Group has the risk coverage of EUR 195.5 million (31.12.2019: EUR 87.5 million) to cover the expected credit loss of 
the State aid programmes. The expected loss is assessed before implementing the respective aid programme and a portion 
of the public funding received within this programme is earmarked for the risk coverage. The latter consists of the sum total of 
the risk coverage reserve and portfolio loss reserve (special reserve capital) less the risk coverage reserve used for provisions

--- Page 412 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum” 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
10 
 
Management Report (cont’d) 
Future Outlook  
In in order to prepare for the expected investments under the InvestEU Programme 2021–2027, in the second quarter of 2020 
the preparations undertaken already in 2019 for Pillar Assessment of Altum were continued. The initial or pilot assessment was 
carried out by the audit firm KPMG selected within the framework of the European Commission’s technical assistance project 
and was aimed at identifying the necessary improvements in the Group's internal control system in accordance with the 
requirements set by the European Commission. In the reporting period, the auditors were provided with the Group's self-
assessment and the supporting internal documents. After the document examination, KPMG conducted remote interviews 
with responsible employees and random audits of various Group processes (transaction processing, personnel management, 
procurement, etc.). Upon completing the audit procedures, a draft report was submitted, with a planned final report and a 
detailed plan for the implementation of recommendations to follow. The project will be completed in the third quarter of 2020.  
In February 2020, the conference of the Three Seas Countries Investment Fund was held in Riga for the first time. The organiser 
of the conference was Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego, which is a Polish state development bank, the initiator of the Fund 
and the Group. During the event, the representatives of the Fund management informed about the development of new 
financial instrument for funding and infrastructure development projects in 12 countries of the Three Seas Region, including 
Latvia, aimed at bridging the infrastructure gaps among various regions of Europe. On 7 May this year, the Cabinet approved 
the Group's involvement in the Three Seas Initiative Investment Fund, a new financial instrument to support infrastructure 
projects in the transport, energy and digitalisation sectors in the Central and Eastern European region. Considering the impact 
of Covid-19 on Latvian economy, it offers another investment opportunity for Latvia to develop strategically important 
infrastructure projects that are essential for ensuring the economic growth of our region. The Fund's investment allocation is 
expected to be as follows: 40% - in transport infrastructure, 40% - in energy and 20% - in digitalisation. The Group’s investment 
amount in the Three Seas Initiative Investment Fund is planned to be EUR 20 million.  
In July, the EU Member States agreed on the multiannual financial framework (MFF) and the extraordinary recovery effort, 
Next Generation EU (NGEU), which means a contribution of more than EUR 10 billion to the growth of Latvian economy. Part 
of this funding will be invested in Latvian economy in the form of financial instruments to help businesses recover from the 
effects of the Covid-19 pandemic, stimulate the economy and private investment, while continuing economic growth. To 
make the support of financial instruments available to entrepreneurs in 2021, the responsible Latvian ministries in cooperation 
with the Group have started the planning process of new financing. 
 
 
 
 
Reinis Bērziņš 
Chairman of the Board 
 
26 August 2020

--- Page 413 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum” 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
11 
 
Supervisory Council and Management Board  
Supervisory Council 
Name, Surname 
Position 
Appointment Date 
Date of expiry of the term of 
the mandate 
Līga Kļaviņa 
Chairperson of the Council 
29.12.2016. 
28.12.2022. 
Jānis Šnore  
Member of the Council 
29.12.2016. 
28.12.2022. 
Kristaps Soms 
Member of the Council 
29.12.2016. 
28.12.2022. 
There were no changes in the Supervisory Council of the Company during the reporting period. 
 
Management Board 
 
Name, Surname 
Position 
Appointment Date 
Date of expiry of the term of 
the mandate 
Reinis Bērziņš 
Chairman of the Board 
11.06.2018. 
10.06.2021. 
Jēkabs Krieviņš 
Member of the Board 
11.06.2018. 
10.06.2021. 
Inese Zīle 
Member of the Board 
11.06.2018. 
10.06.2021. 
Aleksandrs Bimbirulis 
Member of the Board 
07.07.2017. 
25.06.2023. 
 
There were no changes in the Management Board of the Company during the reporting period.

--- Page 414 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum” 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
12 
 
Statement of Management’s responsibility  
 
Riga 
26 August 2020  
 
The Management Board (the Management) is responsible for preparing the financial statements. The Management confirms 
that suitable accounting policies were used and applied consistently and reasonable and prudent judgments and estimates 
were made in the preparation of the financial statements on pages 13 to 51 for the period 1 January 2020 to 30 June 2020. 
The Management confirms that the Group’s and the Company’s financial statements were prepared on a going concern 
basis in accordance with International Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting”.  
During the reporting period appropriate accounting policies have been applied on a consistent basis. The Management is 
responsible for keeping proper accounting records, for taking reasonable steps to safeguard the assets of the Group and the 
Company and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities. 
 
 
 
Reinis Bērziņš
Chairman of the Board

--- Page 415 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum” 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
13 
 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Notes 
Group 
Group 
  Company 
Company 
 
 
01.01.2020.-
30.06.2020. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2019.-
30.06.2019. 
(unaudited) * 
01.01.2020.-
30.06.2020. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2019.-
30.06.2019. 
(unaudited) * 
Interest income 
4 
 7 293  
 6 652  
 7 293  
 6 652  
Interest expense 
5. 
 (974) 
 (1 173) 
 (974) 
 (1 173) 
Net interest income 
 
 6 319  
 5 479  
 6 319  
 5 479  
  
 
  
  
  
  
Income for implementation of state aid programmes 
6. 
 2 900  
 1 965  
 2 900  
 1 965  
Expenses to be compensated for implementation of state aid 
programmes 
7. 
 (2 470) 
 (1 728) 
 (2 470) 
 (1 728) 
Net income for implementation of state aid programmes 
 
 430  
 237  
 430  
 237  
  
 
  
  
  
  
Gains or losses from trading securities and foreign exchange 
translation 
 
 2  
 94  
 2  
 94  
Share of (losses) of investment in joint venture and associate 
12. 
 2 018  
 623  
 2 018  
 623  
Share of gain of investment in joint venture and associate at fair value 
through profit or loss 
12. 
 (2 018) 
 (623) 
 (2 018) 
 (623) 
Gains less losses from liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 
 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Other income 
8. 
 1 396  
 425  
 1 396  
 425  
Other expense 
9. 
 (363) 
 (261) 
 (363) 
 (261) 
Operating income before operating expenses 
 
 7 784  
 5 974  
 7 784  
 5 974  
  
 
  
  
  
  
Staff costs  
 
 (2 785) 
 (2 218) 
 (2 785) 
 (2 218) 
Administrative expense 
 
 (913) 
 (778) 
 (913) 
 (778) 
Amortisation of intangible assets and depreciation of property, plant 
and equipment 
 
 (416) 
 (382) 
 (416) 
 (382) 
(Impairment) gain or loss, net 
10. 
 (2 932) 
 2 578  
 (2 932) 
 2 578  
Profit before corporate income tax 
 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Profit before corporate income tax 
 
 738  
 5 174  
 738  
 5 174  
  
 
  
  
  
  
Corporate income tax 
 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 
 
  
  
  
  
Profit for the period 
 
 738  
 5 174  
 738  
 5 174  
Other comprehensive income: 
 
 (692) 
 (274) 
 (692) 
 (274) 
Items to be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods
Net loss from financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
 
 (692) 
 (274) 
 (692) 
 (274) 
Total comprehensive income for the period 
 
 46  
 4 900  
 46  
 4 900  
Profit is attributable to: 
 
  
  
  
  
Owners of the Company 
 
 738  
 5 174  
 -    
 -    
Non-controlling interest 
 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Profit for the period 
 
 738  
 5 174  
 -    
 -    
Total comprehensive income is attributable to: 
 
  
  
  
  
Owners of the Company 
 
 (692) 
 (274) 
 -    
 -    
Non-controlling interest 
 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Total comprehensive income for the period 
 
 738  
 5 174  
 -    
 -    
 
* comparatives reclasified according to Section (1) of Note 2. 
 
 The accompanying notes on pages 18 through 51 form an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 
 
Reinis Bērziņš 
Chairman of the Board 
 
Kaspars Gibeiko 
Chief Accountant 
26 August 2020

--- Page 416 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum” 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
14 
 
Statement of Financial Position 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
  
Notes 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
  
 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019. 
(audited) 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019. 
(audited) 
Assets 
  
  
  
  
  
Due from credit institutions and the Treasury 
11. 
 279 354  
 181 199  
 279 354  
 181 047  
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss  
  
 4 845  
 4 217  
 -    
 -    
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income - investment 
securities 
  
 37 061  
 47 941  
 37 061  
 47 941  
Financial assets at amortised cost: 
  
  
  
  
  
Investment securities  
  
 479  
 478  
 479  
 478  
Loans and receivables 
13. 
 262 143  
 220 129  
 262 143  
 220 129  
Grants 
22. 
 22 708  
 17 186  
 22 708  
 17 186  
Deferred expense  
  
 242  
 694  
 242  
 694  
Accrued income 
  
 1 782  
 1 649  
 1 782  
 1 649  
Investments in venture capital funds – associates 
12. 
 50 255  
 52 543  
 50 255  
 52 543  
investments in subsidiaries 
  
 -    
 -    
 4 315  
 3 812  
Investment property 
14. 
 33 490  
 24 366  
 33 490  
 24 366  
Property, plant and equipment 
  
 4 726  
 4 694  
 4 726  
 4 694  
Intangible assets  
  
 1 371  
 1 395  
 1 371  
 1 395  
Other assets 
15. 
 2 511  
 3 570  
 2 511  
 3 570  
Total assets  
  
 700 967  
 560 061  
 700 437  
 559 504  
  
 
  
  
  
  
Liabilities 
 
  
  
  
  
Due to credit institutions 
16. 
 25 202  
 29 542  
 25 202  
 29 542  
Due to general governments 
17. 
 90 964  
 86 272  
 90 964  
 86 272  
Financial liabilities at amortised cost - Issued debt securities 
  
 65 351  
 45 348  
 65 351  
 45 348  
Deferred income  
  
 3 300  
 3 091  
 3 300  
 3 091  
Accrued expense 
  
 913  
 478  
 913  
 478  
Provisions  
19. 
 32 434  
 31 076  
 32 434  
 31 076  
Support programme funding  
18. 
 146 150  
 128 730  
 146 150  
 128 730  
Other liabilities 
  
 3 884  
 2 786  
 3 884  
 2 773  
Total liabilities 
  
 368 198  
 327 323  
 368 198  
 327 310  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Equity 
  
  
  
  
  
Share capital 
  
 204 862  
 204 862  
 204 862  
 204 862  
Reserves 
20. 
 124 695  
 16 565  
 124 693  
 16 563  
Revaluation reserve of financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income  
20. 
 1 946  
 2 638  
 1 946  
 2 638  
Retained earnings 
  
 738  
 8 131  
 738  
 8 131  
Net assets attributable to the Company’s owners 
  
 332 241  
 232 196  
 332 239  
 232 194  
Non-controlling interest 
  
 528  
 542  
 -    
 -    
Total equity 
  
 332 769  
 232 738  
 332 239  
 232 194  
Total equity and liabilities  
  
 700 967  
 560 061  
 700 437  
 559 504  
 
* comparatives reclasified according to Section (1) of Note 2. 
 
 The accompanying notes on pages 18 through 51 form an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 
 
Reinis Bērziņš 
Chairman of the Board 
 
Kaspars Gibeiko 
Chief Accountant 
 
26 August 2020

--- Page 417 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum” 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
15 
 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
The accompanying notes on pages 18 through 51 form an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Attributable to owners of the Company 
 
 
  
Share capital 
Reserves 
Revaluation 
reserve of 
financial 
assets 
measured at 
fair value 
through other 
comprehensiv
e income 
Reserve of 
disposal 
group 
classified as 
held for sale 
Retained 
earnings 
Non-
controlling 
interest 
Total equity 
As at 1 January 2019 (audited) 
 204 862  
 7 965  
 3 597  
  
 4 900  
 266  
 221 590  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Profit for the period  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 5 174  
 -    
 5 174  
Other comprehensive income  
 -    
 -    
 (274) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (274) 
Total comprehensive income  
 -    
 -    
 (274) 
 -    
 5 174  
 -    
 4 900  
Distribution of profit of previous years 
 -    
 808  
 -    
 -    
 (808) 
 -    
 -    
Distribution of 2018 year profit of the 
Company  
 -    
 4 092  
 -    
 -    
 (4 092) 
 -    
 -    
Non-controlling interest 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 54  
 54  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
As at 30 June 2019 (unaudited) 
 204 862  
 12 865  
 3 323  
 -    
 5 174  
 320  
 226 544  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Profit for the period  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 2 957  
 -  
 2 957  
Other comprehensive income  
 -  
 -  
 (685) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (685) 
Total comprehensive income  
 -    
 -    
 (685) 
 -    
 2 957  
 -    
 2 272  
Changes of reserves 
 -    
 3 700  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 3 700  
Non-controlling interest 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 222  
 222  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
As at 31 December 2019 (audited) 
 204 862  
 16 565  
 2 638  
 -    
 8 131  
 542  
 232 738  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Profit for the period  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 738  
 -    
 738  
Other comprehensive income  
 -    
 -    
 (692) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (692) 
Total comprehensive income  
 -    
 -    
 (692) 
 -    
 738  
 -    
 46  
Changes of reserves 
 -    
 100 000  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 100 000  
Distribution of 2019 year profit of the 
Company  
 -    
 8 131  
 -    
 -    
 (8 131) 
 -    
 -    
Non-controlling interest 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (14) 
 (14) 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
As at 30 June 2020 (unaudited) 
 204 862  
 124 695  
 1 946  
 -    
 738  
 528  
 332 769

--- Page 418 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum” 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
16 
 
Company’s Statement of Changes in Equity 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
The accompanying notes on pages 18 through 51 form an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Attributable to owners of the Company 
 
 
  
Share capital 
Reserves 
Revaluation 
reserve of 
financial 
assets 
measured at 
fair value 
through other 
comprehensiv
e income 
Reserve of 
disposal 
group 
classified as 
held for sale 
Retained 
earnings 
Non-
controlling 
interest 
Total equity 
As at 1 January 2019 (audited) 
 204 862  
 7 610  
 3 597  
  
 5 254  
 221 323  
 204 862  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Profit for the period  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 5 174  
 5 174  
 -    
Other comprehensive income  
 -    
 -    
 (274) 
 -    
 -    
 (274) 
 -    
Total comprehensive income  
 -    
 -    
 (274) 
 -    
 5 174  
 4 900  
 -    
Distribution of profit of previous years 
 -    
 791  
 -    
 -    
 (791) 
 -    
 -    
Distribution of 2018 year profit of the 
Company  
 -    
 4 462  
 -    
 -    
 (4 462) 
 -    
 -    
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
As at 30 June 2019 (unaudited) 
 204 862  
 12 863  
 3 323  
 -    
 5 175  
 226 223  
 204 862  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Profit for the period  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 2 957  
 2 957  
 -  
Other comprehensive income  
 -  
 -  
 (685) 
 -  
 -  
 (685) 
 -  
Total comprehensive income  
 -    
 -    
 (685) 
 -    
 2 957  
 2 272  
 -    
Changes of reserves 
 -    
 3 700  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 3 700  
 -    
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
As at 31 December 2019 (audited) 
 204 862  
 16 563  
 2 638  
 -    
 8 131  
 232 194  
 204 862  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Profit for the period  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 738  
 738  
 -    
Other comprehensive income  
 -    
 -    
 (692) 
 -    
 -    
 (692) 
 -    
Total comprehensive income  
 -    
 -    
 (692) 
 -    
 738  
 46  
 -    
Changes of reserves 
 -    
 100 000  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 100 000  
 -    
Distribution of 2019 year profit of the 
Company  
 -    
 8 131  
 -    
 -    
 (8 131) 
 -    
 -    
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
As at 30 June 2020 (unaudited) 
 204 862  
 124 693  
 1 946  
 -    
 738  
 332 239  
 204 862

--- Page 419 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum” 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
17 
 
Statement of Cash Flows 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
Notes 
Group 
Group 
  Company 
Company 
 
 
 
01.01.2020.-
30.06.2020. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2019.-
30.06.2019. 
(audited) 
01.01.2020.-
31.03.2020. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2019.-
31.03.2019. 
(audited) 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of period 
 
 176 199  
 128 916  
 176 047  
 128 536  
  
 
  
  
  
  
Cash flows from operating activities 
 
  
  
  
  
Profit before taxes 
 
 738  
 5 174  
 738  
 5 174  
Amortisation of intangible assets and depreciation of property, plant 
and equipment 
 
 475  
 435  
 475  
 435  
Interest income 
4. 
 (7 293) 
 (6 652) 
 (7 293) 
 (6 652) 
Interest received 
 
 4 396  
 3 909  
 4 396  
 3 909  
Interest expenses 
5. 
 974  
 1 173  
 974  
 1 173  
Interests paid 
 
 (622) 
 (822) 
 (622) 
 (822) 
(Decrease) / increase in provisions for impairment 
10. 
 2 932  
 (2 578) 
 2 932  
 (2 578) 
(Decrease) of cash and cash equivalents from operating activities 
before changes in assets and liabilities 
 
 1 600  
 639  
 1 600  
 639  
Due from credit institutions decrease 
 
 2 004  
 3 115  
 2 006  
 3 115  
Decrease / (increase) of loans 
 
 (42 046) 
 (9 016) 
 (42 046) 
 (8 593) 
Decrease / (increase) of grants 
 
 (5 523) 
 9 767  
 (5 523) 
 9 767  
Due to credit institutions and general governments increase 
 
 352  
 7 173  
 352  
 7 173  
Increase in deferred income and accrued expense  
 
 645  
 568  
 645  
 568  
(Decrease) in deferred expense and accrued income 
 
 318  
 776  
 318  
 677  
Decrease of other assets  
 
 1 643  
 796  
 1 643  
 796  
Increase / (decrease) in other liabilities 
 
 17 618  
 (7 517) 
 17 629  
 (7 507) 
Net cash flows to/ from operating activities 
 
 (23 389) 
 6 301  
 (23 376) 
 6 635  
  
 
  
  
  
  
Cash flows from investment activities 
 
  
  
  
  
Sale of investment securities 
 
 11 827  
 3 113  
 11 827  
 3 113  
Acquisition of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets  
 
 (484) 
 (887) 
 (484) 
 (887) 
Purchase of investment properties 
 
 (9 154) 
 (5 404) 
 (9 154) 
 (5 404) 
Sale of investment properties 
 
 30  
 32  
 30  
 32  
Investments in venture capital funds, net  
 
 2 289  
 (1 945) 
 2 289  
 (1 945) 
Investments of subsidiaries in share capital 
 
 (643) 
 (808) 
 (504) 
 (944) 
Net cash flows to/ from investing activities 
 
 3 865  
 (5 899) 
 4 004  
 (6 035) 
  
 
  
  
  
  
Cash flows from financing activities 
 
  
  
  
  
Issued debt securities 
 
 19 675  
 15 000  
 19 675  
 15 000  
Increase of capital 
 
 100 000  
 -    
 100 000  
 -    
Net cash flow from financing activities 
 
 119 675  
 15 000  
 119 675  
 15 000  
  
 
  
  
  
  
Increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 
 100 151  
 15 402  
 100 303  
 15 600  
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of period 
 
 276 350  
 144 318  
 276 350  
 144 136  
 
The accompanying notes on pages 18 through 51 form an integral part of these financial statements.

--- Page 420 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum” 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
18 
 
Approval of the Financial Statements 
The Management of the Group / Company has approved these unaudited interim condensed financial statements on 26 
August 2020.  
1 General Information  
(1) Corporate Information  
These financial statements contain the financial information about joint-stock company Development Finance Institution 
Altum (Company) and its subsidiaries (hereinafter together — the Group). The separate financial statements of the Company 
are included alongside these consolidated financial statements to comply with legal requirements. The Company is the parent 
entity of the Group (Note 20). 
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum is a Latvia state-owned company that ensures access of the enterprises and 
households to the financial resources by means of support financial instruments - loans, guarantees, investments in venture 
capital funds - in the areas defined as important and to be supported by the state, thus developing the national economy 
and enhancing mobilization of the private capital and financial resources. On 25 March 2019 Moody’s Investors Service 
(Moody’s) reconfirmed Altum’s Baa1 long-term issuer rating, with outlook stable. The assigned Moody’s rating of Altum is one 
of the highest credit ratings assigned to corporate entities in Latvia. 
JSC Development Finance Institution Altum was established on 27 December 2013 by a decision of the Cabinet of Ministers. 
The mission of the Company’s establishment is by merging three prior independently operating companies providing state 
support into a single institution and further allocate the state funds for implementation of financial instrument state support 
and development programmes in one place. The Company’s operations are governed by its specific law – Development 
Finance Institution Law. The Company’s Article of Association has been approved by the Cabinet of Ministers. All voting shares 
of the Company are owned by the Republic of Latvia. The holders of the shares are ministries of the Republic of Latvia as 
stipulated by the Development Finance Institution Law with following split of the shares – the Ministry of Finance 40%, the 
Ministry of Economics 30% and the Ministry of Agriculture 30% respectively. 
Until August 2019, the Group includes the Company and two closed investment funds Hipo Latvia Real Estate Fund I and Hipo 
Real Estate Fund II (legal address – Elizabetes street 41/43, Riga, Latviam LV-1010) in which the Company was the sole investor. 
In August 2019, these funds were liquidated upon receipt of the liquidation quota by the Company. Now the Group includes 
the Company and number of venture capital funds. 
The below listed venture capital funds - subsidiaries and associates - are treated as subsidiaries or associates only for purposes 
of financial accounting. 
Legal Tittle 
Legal Address  
Investment % in share capital  
Venture capital funds classified as Subsidiaries 
 
 
KS Overkill Ventures Fund I 
Dzirnavu iela 105, Rīgas, Latvija, LV-1011 
100 
KS Buildit Latvia Pre-Seed Fund  
Sporta iela 2, Rīga, Latvija, LV-1013 
100 
KS Commercialization Reactor Pre-seed Fund 
Brīvības gatve 300 -9, Rīga, Latvija 
100 
KS INEC 1 
Krišjāņa Barona iela 32-7, Rīga, Latvijas, LV-1011 
75 
KS INEC 2 
Krišjāņa Barona iela 32-7, Rīga, Latvijas, LV-1011 
90 
Venture capital funds classified as Associates 
 
 
KS Overkill Ventures Fund II  
Dzirnavu iela 105, Rīgas, Latvija, LV-1011 
80 
KS Buildit Latvia Seed Fund  
Sporta iela 2, Rīga, Latvija, LV-1013 
80 
KS Commercialization Reactor Seed Fund 
Brīvības gatve 300 -9, Rīga, Latvija 
80 
KS ZGI-4  
Daugavgrīvas iela 21, Rīga, Latvija, LV-1048 
60 
FlyCap Mezzanine Fund II 
Matrožu iela 15A, Rīga, LV-1048 
60 
KS Baltcap Latvia Venture Capital Fund 
Jaunmoku iela 34, Rīga, Latvija, LV-1046 
67 
KS Imprimatur Capital Technology Venture Fund 
Elizabetes iela 85a-18, Rīga, Latvija, LV-1050 
67 
KS Imprimatur Capital Seed Fund 
Elizabetes iela 85a-18, Rīga, Latvija, LV-1050 
100 
KS ZGI-3 
Daugavgrīvas iela 21, Rīga, Latvija, LV-1048 
95 
KS FlyCap investment Fund  
Matrožu iela 15A, Rīga, Latvija, LV-1048 
95 
KS Expansion Capital fund 
Krišjāņa Barona iela 32-7, Rīga, Latvija, LV-1011 
95 
Baltic Innovation Fund 
Eiropean Investment Fund, 37B, avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-2968 Luxembourg 
20 
Baltic Innovation Fund II 
Eiropean Investment Fund, 37B, avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-2968 Luxembourg 
17 
KS Otrais Eko Fonds 
Dārza 2, Rīga, LV-1007 
33

--- Page 421 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum” 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
19 
 
2 Summary of significant accounting policies 
(1) Basis of presentation  
These unaudited interim condensed financial statements for the 3 months period ended 31 March 2020 were prepared in 
accordance with International Accounting Standard (IAS) 34 “Interim Financial Reporting”, as adopted in the European Union. 
These financial statements are to be used together with the complete financial statements for the year 2019 prepared in 
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), as adopted in the European Union. 
In order to ensure the users of the financial statements with a better understanding of the Company’s and the Group’s 
operational performance, “Maintenance and service costs of Land Fund”, “Maintenance costs of assets that have been 
taken over in the debt collection process”, “Loss on revaluation of assets that have been taken over in the debt collection 
process” and “Debt collection costs” have been classified within Other expenses instead of Administrative expenses in the 
complete financial statements for the year 2019. The comparatives for the 6 month period of 2019 for the above noted items 
have been reclassified accordingly following the new classification in order to ensure comparability of information.   
All amounts in the interim condensed financial statements are presented in the national currency of Latvia – the euro (EUR). 
 (2) Application of new and/or amended IFRS and the interpretations issued by the International Financial Reporting 
Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) 
Several new standards and interpretations have been published, adopted by the EU and become effective for the financial 
reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2020: 
 Amendments to the Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting 
The Group / Company makes assessment on the impact of these amendments on its financial statements and disclosures, 
but does not consider them to have a significant impact on its financial results. 
 Amendments to IFRS 3 – Definition of a business 
The Group / Company makes further assessment on the impact of these amendments. The amendments may result in 
changes in accounting policies but will not have a material effect on the Group’s / Company's financial statements. 
 Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8 – Definition of materiality 
The Group / Company makes assessment on the impact of these amendments on its financial statements, but does not 
expect them to have a material impact on the Group’s / Company's financial position, by reviewing estimates and 
judgements used in preparation of financial statements. 
 Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28 – Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture  
These amendments address an inconsistency between the requirements in IFRS 10 and those in IAS 28 in dealing with the 
sale or contribution of assets between an investor and its associate or joint venture. The Group / Company makes 
assessment on the impact of these amendments on its financial statements, but does not expect them to have a material 
impact on the Group’s / Company's financial position, by reviewing estimates and judgements used in preparation of 
financial statements.

--- Page 422 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum” 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
20 
 
3 Risk Management 
The major risks that the Group / Company is exposed to are credit, liquidity and operational risks. These unaudited interim 
condensed financial statements do not include all information on risk management and disclosures required in the annual 
financial statements. They are to be viewed together with the complete financial statements for the year 2019. 
Breakdown of the Group’s financial assets, off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities by their qualitative assessment, 
in thousands of euro: 
 
Stage 1 
 
Stage 2 
 
Stage 3 
 
Total 
 
 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
Financial assets at AC 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due from credit institutions and the 
Treasury 
 279 356  
 181 201  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 279 356  
 181 201  
Impairment allowances 
 (2) 
 (2) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (2) 
 (2) 
Total net due from credit institutions and 
the Treasury 
 279 354  
 181 199  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 279 354  
 181 199  
Investment securities 
 442  
 439  
 -    
 -    
 3 924  
 3 926  
 4 366  
 4 365  
Impairment allowances 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (3 887) 
 (3 887) 
 (3 887) 
 (3 887) 
Total net investment securities 
 442  
 439  
 -    
 -    
 37  
 39  
 479  
 478  
Loans and receivables 
 216 346  
 186 175  
 37 210  
 18 239  
 29 574  
 35 998  
 283 130  
 240 412  
Impairment allowances * 
 (5 939) 
 (2 548) 
 (4 279) 
 (2 646) 
 (10 769) 
 (15 089) 
 (20 987) 
 (20 283) 
Total net loans and receivables 
 210 407  
 183 627  
 32 931  
 15 593  
 18 805  
 20 909  
 262 143  
 220 129  
Grants 
 22 720  
 17 198  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 22 720  
 17 198  
Impairment allowances 
 (12) 
 (12) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (12) 
 (12) 
Total net grants 
 22 708  
 17 186  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 22 708  
 17 186  
Other financial assets 
 1 810  
 1 830  
 -    
 -    
 3 548  
 3 341  
 5 358  
 5 171  
Impairment allowances 
 (110) 
 (113) 
 -    
 -    
 (2 828) 
 (2 769) 
 (2 938) 
 (2 882) 
Total net other financial assets 
 1 700  
 1 717  
 -    
 -    
 720  
 572  
 2 420  
 2 289  
Total financial assets at AC 
 520 674  
 386 843  
 37 210  
 18 239  
 37 046  
 43 265  
 594 930  
 448 347  
Impairment allowances 
 (6 063) 
 (2 675) 
 (4 279) 
 (2 646) 
 (17 484) 
 (21 745) 
 (27 826) 
 (27 066) 
Total net financial assets at AC 
 514 611  
 384 168  
 32 931  
 15 593  
 19 562  
 21 520  
 567 104  
 421 281  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial assets at FVOCI 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Investment securities 
 37 061  
 47 941  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 37 061  
 47 941  
Impairment allowances 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Total net investment securities 
 37 061  
 47 941  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 37 061  
 47 941  
Total financial assets at FVOCI 
 37 061  
 47 941  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 37 061  
 47 941  
Impairment allowances 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Total net financial assets at FVOCI 
 37 061  
 47 941  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 37 061  
 47 941  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Off-balance sheet items and 
contingent liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Outstanding guarantees 
 309 896  
 274 989  
 6 308  
 2 098  
 5 783  
 7 145  
 321 987  
 284 232  
Impairment allowances * 
 (26 479) 
 (24 711) 
 (901) 
 (356) 
 (4 190) 
 (5 540) 
 (31 570) 
 (30 607) 
Total net outstanding guarantees 
 283 417  
 250 278  
 5 407  
 1 742  
 1 593  
 1 605  
 290 417  
 253 625  
Loan commitments 
 51 489  
 18 867  
 1 047  
 84  
 -    
 -    
 52 536  
 18 951  
Impairment allowances * 
 (812) 
 (455) 
 (41) 
 (3) 
 -    
 -    
 (853) 
 (458) 
Total net loan commitments 
 50 677  
 18 412  
 1 006  
 81  
 -    
 -    
 51 683  
 18 493  
Grant commitments 
 10 056  
 7 726  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 10 056  
 7 726  
Impairment allowances 
 (11) 
 (11) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (11) 
 (11) 
Total net grant commitments 
 10 045  
 7 715  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 10 045  
 7 715  
Total off-balance items and contingent 
liabilities 
 371 441  
 301 582  
 7 355  
 2 182  
 5 783  
 7 145  
 384 579  
 310 909  
Impairment allowances 
 (27 302) 
 (25 177) 
 (942) 
 (359) 
 (4 190) 
 (5 540) 
 (32 434) 
 (31 076) 
Total net off-balance items and 
contingent liabilities 
 344 139  
 276 405  
 6 413  
 1 823  
 1 593  
 1 605  
 352 145  
 279 833  
 
* Includes impairment allowances of EUR 3,998 thousand covered by Portfolio Loss Reserve (Special Reserve Capital), which will be directly attributed to the reduction 
of the Portfolio Loss Reserve in the distribution of the 2020 profit, thus the 2020 result will improve.

--- Page 423 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum” 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
21 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(1) Credit Risk (cont’d) 
Breakdown of the Company’s financial assets, off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities by their qualitative 
assessment, in thousands of euro: 
 
Stage 1 
 
Stage 2 
 
Stage 3 
 
Total 
 
 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
Financial assets at AC 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Due from credit institutions and the 
Treasury 
 279 356  
 181 049  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 279 356  
 181 049  
Impairment allowances 
 (2) 
 (2) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (2) 
 (2) 
Total net due from credit institutions and 
the Treasury 
 279 354  
 181 047  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 279 354  
 181 047  
Investment securities 
 442  
 439  
 -    
 -    
 3 924  
 3 926  
 4 366  
 4 365  
Impairment allowances 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (3 887) 
 (3 887) 
 (3 887) 
 (3 887) 
Total net investment securities 
 442  
 439  
 -    
 -    
 37  
 39  
 479  
 478  
Loans and receivables 
 216 346  
 186 175  
 37 210  
 18 239  
 29 574  
 35 998  
 283 130  
 240 412  
Impairment allowances * 
 (5 939) 
 (2 548) 
 (4 279) 
 (2 646) 
 (10 769) 
 (15 089) 
 (20 987) 
 (20 283) 
Total net loans and receivables 
 210 407  
 183 627  
 32 931  
 15 593  
 18 805  
 20 909  
 262 143  
 220 129  
Grants 
 22 720  
 17 198  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 22 720  
 17 198  
Impairment allowances 
 (12) 
 (12) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (12) 
 (12) 
Total net grants 
 22 708  
 17 186  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 22 708  
 17 186  
Other financial assets 
 1 810  
 1 830  
 -    
 -    
 3 548  
 3 341  
 5 358  
 5 171  
Impairment allowances 
 (110) 
 (113) 
 -    
 -    
 (2 828) 
 (2 769) 
 (2 938) 
 (2 882) 
Total net other financial assets 
 1 700  
 1 717  
 -    
 -    
 720  
 572  
 2 420  
 2 289  
Total financial assets at AC 
 520 674  
 386 691  
 37 210  
 18 239  
 37 046  
 43 265  
 594 930  
 448 195  
Impairment allowances 
 (6 063) 
 (2 675) 
 (4 279) 
 (2 646) 
 (17 484) 
 (21 745) 
 (27 826) 
 (27 066) 
Total net financial assets at AC 
 514 611  
 384 016  
 32 931  
 15 593  
 19 562  
 21 520  
 567 104  
 421 129  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial assets at FVOCI 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Investment securities 
 37 061  
 47 941  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 37 061  
 47 941  
Impairment allowances 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Total net investment securities 
 37 061  
 47 941  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 37 061  
 47 941  
Total financial assets at FVOCI 
 37 061  
 47 941  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 37 061  
 47 941  
Impairment allowances 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Total net financial assets at FVOCI 
 37 061  
 47 941  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 37 061  
 47 941  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Off-balance sheet items and 
contingent liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Outstanding guarantees 
 309 896  
 274 989  
 6 308  
 2 098  
 5 783  
 7 145  
 321 987  
 284 232  
Impairment allowances * 
 (26 479) 
 (24 711) 
 (901) 
 (356) 
 (4 190) 
 (5 540) 
 (31 570) 
 (30 607) 
Total net outstanding guarantees 
 283 417  
 250 278  
 5 407  
 1 742  
 1 593  
 1 605  
 290 417  
 253 625  
Loan commitments 
 51 489  
 18 867  
 1 047  
 84  
 -    
 -    
 52 536  
 18 951  
Impairment allowances * 
 (812) 
 (455) 
 (41) 
 (3) 
 -    
 -    
 (853) 
 (458) 
Total net loan commitments 
 50 677  
 18 412  
 1 006  
 81  
 -    
 -    
 51 683  
 18 493  
Grant commitments 
 10 056  
 7 726  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 10 056  
 7 726  
Impairment allowances 
 (11) 
 (11) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (11) 
 (11) 
Total net grant commitments 
 10 045  
 7 715  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 10 045  
 7 715  
Total off-balance items and contingent 
liabilities 
 371 441  
 301 582  
 7 355  
 2 182  
 5 783  
 7 145  
 384 579  
 310 909  
Impairment allowances 
 (27 302) 
 (25 177) 
 (942) 
 (359) 
 (4 190) 
 (5 540) 
 (32 434) 
 (31 076) 
Total net off-balance items and 
contingent liabilities 
 344 139  
 276 405  
 6 413  
 1 823  
 1 593  
 1 605  
 352 145  
 279 833  
 
* Includes impairment allowances of EUR 3,998 thousand covered by Portfolio Loss Reserve (Special Reserve Capital), which will be directly attributed to the reduction 
of the Portfolio Loss Reserve in the distribution of the 2020 profit, thus the 2020 result will improve.

--- Page 424 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum” 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
22 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(1) Credit Risk (cont’d) 
Changes in the Group’s / Company’s credit loss allowance and gross carrying amount for loans, in thousands of euro: 
 
Credit loss allowance 
Gross carrying amount 
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
As at 31 December 2019 (audited) 
 2 548  
 2 646  
 15 089  
 20 283  
 186 175  
 18 239  
 35 998  
 240 412  
Movements with impact on credit loss 
allowance charge for the period: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Transfers between stages: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
to lifetime (from Stage 1 to Stage 2) 
 (199) 
 690  
 -    
 491  
 (17 490) 
 17 314  
 -    
 (176) 
to credit impaired (from Stage 1 and Stage 2 
to Stage 3) 
 (8) 
 (254) 
 293  
 31  
 (659) 
 (879) 
 1 491  
 (47) 
to lifetime (from Stage 3 to Stage 2) 
 -    
 698  
 (707) 
 (9) 
 -    
 1 811  
 (1 897) 
 (86) 
to 12-months ECL (from Stage 2 and Stage 3 
to Stage 1) 
 26  
 (73) 
 -    
 (47) 
 934  
 (992) 
 -    
 (58) 
New originated or purchased 
 767  
 83  
 -    
 850  
 53 825  
 3 141  
 192  
 57 158  
Derecognised during the period 
 (47) 
 (2) 
 (212) 
 (261) 
 (6 975) 
 (396) 
 (937) 
 (8 308) 
Changes to ECL measurement model 
assumptions 
 2 962  
 720  
 87  
 3 769  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Other movements 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 4  
 -    
 -    
 4  
Total movements with impact on credit loss 
allowance charge for the period: 
 3 501  
 1 862  
 (539) 
 4 824  
 29 639  
 19 999  
 (1 151) 
 48 487  
Movements without impact on credit loss 
allowance charge for the period: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Write-offs 
 -    
 -    
 (3 393) 
 (3 393) 
 -    
 -    
 (3 393) 
 (3 393) 
Foreign exchange gains and losses and 
other movements 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Modification of contractual cash flows * 
 (110) 
 (229) 
 (388) 
 (727) 
 532  
 (1 028) 
 (1 880) 
 (2 376) 
Total movements without impact on credit 
loss allowance charge for the period: 
 (110) 
 (229) 
 (3 781) 
 (4 120) 
 532  
 (1 028) 
 (5 273) 
 (5 769) 
As at 30 June 2020 (unaudited) 
 5 939  
 4 279  
 10 769  
 20 987  
 216 346  
 37 210  
 29 574  
 283 130  
 
* Modification of contractual cash flows includes cash flows from repayment of principal 
 
Changes in the Group’s / Company’s credit loss allowance and gross carrying amount for outstanding guarantees, in 
thousands of euro: 
 
Credit loss allowance 
Gross carrying amount 
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
As at 31 December 2019 (audited) 
 24 711  
 356  
 5 540  
 30 607  
 274 989  
 2 098  
 7 145  
 284 232  
Movements with impact on credit loss 
allowance charge for the period: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Transfers between stages: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
to lifetime (from Stage 1 to Stage 2) 
 (553) 
 729  
 -    
 176  
 (4 659) 
 4 328  
 -    
 (331) 
to credit impaired (from Stage 1 and Stage 2 
to Stage 3) 
 (25) 
 (12) 
 167  
 130  
 (188) 
 (42) 
 217  
 (13) 
to lifetime (from Stage 3 to Stage 2) 
 -    
 -    
 (5) 
 (5) 
 -    
 5  
 (5) 
 -    
to 12-months ECL (from Stage 2 and Stage 3 
to Stage 1) 
 4  
 (256) 
 -    
 (252) 
 271  
 (271) 
 -    
 -    
New originated or purchased 
 5 564  
 43  
 -    
 5 607  
 66 913  
 293  
 -    
 67 206  
Derecognised during the period 
 (692) 
 (7) 
 (680) 
 (1 379) 
 (12 737) 
 (87) 
 (899) 
 (13 723) 
Changes to ECL measurement model 
assumptions 
 75  
 50  
 70  
 195  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Other movements 
 (7) 
 -    
 (562) 
 (569) 
 (32) 
 -    
 (675) 
 (707) 
Total movements with impact on credit loss 
allowance charge for the period: 
 4 366  
 547  
 (1 010) 
 3 903  
 49 568  
 4 226  
 (1 362) 
 52 432  
Movements without impact on credit loss 
allowance charge for the period: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Foreign exchange gains and losses and 
other movements 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Modification of contractual cash flows * 
 (2 598) 
 (2) 
 (340) 
 (2 940) 
 (14 661) 
 (16) 
 -    
 (14 677) 
Total movements without impact on credit 
loss allowance charge for the period: 
 (2 598) 
 (2) 
 (340) 
 (2 940) 
 (14 661) 
 (16) 
 -    
 (14 677) 
As at 30 June 2020 (unaudited) 
 26 479  
 901  
 4 190  
 31 570  
 309 896  
 6 308  
 5 783  
 321 987  
 
* Modification of contractual cash flows includes cash flows from repayment of principal

--- Page 425 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum” 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
23 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(1) Credit Risk (cont’d) 
Aging analysis of the loans issued by the Group / Company, without accrued interest, in thousands of euro: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019. 
(audited) 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019. 
(audited) 
Performing  
 256 035  
 208 665  
 256 035  
 208 665  
Past due up to 30 days  
 14 638  
 14 193  
 14 638  
 14 193  
Past due from 31 to 60 days  
 246  
 2 278  
 246  
 2 278  
Past due from 61 to 90 days  
 97  
 230  
 97  
 230  
Past due over 90 days 
 12 114  
 15 045  
 12 114  
 15 045  
Total gross loans, without interest accrued on the loans  
 283 130  
 240 411  
 283 130  
 240 411  
Impairment allowances 
 (20 987) 
 (20 283) 
 (20 987) 
 (20 283) 
Total net loans 
 262 143  
 220 128  
 262 143  
 220 128  
 
In calculating the ECL due to default on loan principal or interest payments or other loss events the following is taken into 
account collateral, including real estate and commercial pledges measured at market value. The value of collateral is based 
on the valuations performed by independent valuers. 
Information on the value of collateral assessed at fair value and position against net loan portfolio, in thousands of euro : 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019. 
(audited) 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019. 
(audited) 
Real estate (loans) 
 167 693  
 155 057  
 167 693  
 155 057  
Real estate (leaseback) 
 18 242  
 14 774  
 18 242  
 14 774  
Movable property 
 41 145  
 25 659  
 41 145  
 25 659  
Guarantees  
 2 432  
 1 672  
 2 432  
 1 672  
Total collateral 
 229 512  
 197 162  
 229 512  
 197 162  
Loan portfolio, gross  
 283 130  
 240 411  
 283 130  
 240 411  
Impairment allowances 
 (20 987) 
 (20 283) 
 (20 987) 
 (20 283) 
Loan portfolio, net 
 262 143  
 220 128  
 262 143  
 220 128  
Exposed 
12.45% 
10.43% 
12.45% 
10.43% 
 
The Group’s / Company’s maximum credit risk exposures of the balance and off-balance sheet items (not including collateral 
held or other security), in thousands of euro: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019. 
(audited) 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019. 
(audited) 
Assets exposed to credit risk 
  
  
  
  
Due from credit institutions and the Treasury 
 279 354  
 181 199  
 279 354  
 181 047  
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income -
investment securities 
 37 061  
 47 941  
 37 061  
 47 941  
Financial assets at amortised cost: 
  
  
  
  
Investment securities 
 479  
 478  
 479  
 478  
Loans and receivables 
 262 143  
 220 129  
 262 143  
 220 129  
Grants 
 22 708  
 17 186  
 22 708  
 17 186  
Investments in venture capital funds 
 50 255  
 52 543  
 50 255  
 52 543  
Other assets 
 2 511  
 3 570  
 2 511  
 3 570  
Total 
 654 511  
 523 046  
 654 511  
 522 894  
Off-balance sheet items exposed to credit risk 
  
  
  
  
Contingent liabilities (Note 21) 
 321 987  
 284 232  
 321 987  
 284 232  
Financial commitments (Note 21)  
 136 440  
 97 149  
 148 865  
 110 620  
Total 
 458 427  
 381 381  
 470 852  
 394 852  
Loans are secured mostly by real estate, to a lesser extent – by other types of assets or commercial pledges. Some loans, 
granted during lending campaigns, are partially covered by guarantees under the State aid programmes. In estimating the 
loan impairment, the expected cash flows from collateral are taken into account.

--- Page 426 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum” 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
24 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(1) Credit Risk (cont’d) 
As at 30 June 2020, part of the Group’s / Company’s assets in amount of EUR 112,882 thousand (31 December 2019: EUR 
117,222 thousand) were pledged. Detailed information on the Group’s / Company’s outstanding loan agreement as at 30 
June 2020 is provided in Note 16 and Note 17. 
Article 37 of the Law on State Budget 2020 provides that guarantees issued by Altum in amount of EUR 270 000 thousand is 
backed by the state according to Agriculture and Rural Development Law and Development Finance Institution Law. Actual 
amount as at 30 June 2020 was EUR 236,772 thousand (31 December 2019: EUR 250,144 thousand).   
(2) Liquidity Risk 
Maturity profile of the Group’s expected undiscounted future cash flows of financial liabilities, off-balance liabilities and liquid 
assets as at 30 June 2020, in thousands of euro: 
 
Up to 1 year  
1 to 5 years
5 to 10 years
10 to 15 
years 
Over 15 
years and 
w/o maturity 
Total 
Due to credit institutions 
 8 726  
 16 489  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 25 215 
Due to general governments 
 176  
 4 087 
 9 823 
 -    
77 396 
 91 482 
Issued debt securities 
 366  
68 844  
 -    
 -    
 -    
69 210 
Support programme funding 
 19 973  
 1 966  
 82 554  
 9 758  
 31 899  
 146 150  
Other liabilities 
 3 012  
 872  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 3 884  
Total financial liabilities  
 32 253  
92 258  
92 377 
 9 758  
109 911 
335 941 
Off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities * 
 397 132  
 45 047  
 16 248  
 -    
 -    
 458 427  
Total financial liabilities, off-balance items and contingent 
liabilities 
 429 385  
 137 305  
108 625  
 9 758  
109 911 
794 368 
Due from credit institutions and the Treasury 
 279 354  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 279 354  
Investment securities 
 19 210  
 4 398  
 12 021  
 1 273  
 638  
 37 540  
Liquid assets 
 298 564  
 4 398  
 12 021  
 1 273  
 638  
 316 894  
 
* According to IAS 7 “Financial Instruments: Disclosures” requirements the major part of the guarantee portfolio issued by the Group has been classified within maturity 
“Up to 1 year” thus Total financial liabilities, off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities substantially exceeds Liquid assets with maturity of “Up to 1 year”. Track 
records of claimed guarantee compensations presents that the volume of guarantees claimed within such terms are considerably less than the amount of the 
commitment disclosed in the above maturity analyses. As a consequence, the liquidity of the Group is not deteriorated. 
 
Maturity profile of the Group’s expected undiscounted future cash flows of financial liabilities, off-balance liabilities and liquid 
assets as at 31 December 2019, in thousands of euro: 
 
Up to 1 year  
1 to 5 years
5 to 10 years
10 to 15 
years 
Over 15 
years and 
w/o maturity 
Total 
Due to credit institutions 
 8 761  
 20 828  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 29 589  
Due to general governments 
 32  
 2 138  
 6 756  
 -    
 77 396  
 86 322  
Issued debt securities 
 667  
 21 820  
 25 195  
 -    
 -    
 47 682  
Support programme funding 
 -    
 18 878  
 22 822  
 55 420  
 31 610  
 128 730  
Other liabilities 
 2 079  
 707  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2 786  
Total financial liabilities  
 11 539  
 64 371  
 54 773  
 55 420  
 109 006  
 295 109  
Off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities * 
 322 869  
 43 003  
 15 509  
 -    
 -    
 381 381  
Total financial liabilities, off-balance items and contingent 
liabilities 
 334 408  
 107 374  
 70 282  
 55 420  
 109 006  
 676 490  
Due from credit institutions and the Treasury 
 181 199  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 181 199  
Investment securities 
 10 904  
 26 739  
 10 776  
 -    
 -    
 48 419  
Liquid assets 
 192 103  
 26 739  
 10 776  
 -    
 -    
 229 618  
 
* According to IAS 7 “Financial Instruments: Disclosures” requirements the major part of the guarantee portfolio issued by the Group has been classified within maturity 
“Up to 1 year” thus Total financial liabilities, off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities substantially exceeds Liquid assets with maturity of “Up to 1 year”. Track 
records of claimed guarantee compensations presents that the volume of guarantees claimed within such terms are considerably less than the amount of the 
commitment disclosed in the above maturity analyses. As a consequence, the liquidity of the Group is not deteriorated.

--- Page 427 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum” 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
25 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(2) Liquidity Risk (cont’d) 
Maturity profile of the Company’s expected undiscounted future cash flows of financial liabilities, off-balance liabilities and 
liquid assets as at 30 June 2020, in thousands of euro: 
 
Up to 1 year  
1 to 5 years
5 to 10 years
10 to 15 
years 
Over 15 
years and 
w/o maturity 
Total 
Due to credit institutions 
 8 726  
 16 489  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 25 215  
Due to general governments 
 176 
 4  087  
 9 823  
 -    
77 396    
 91 482 
Issued debt securities 
 366  
 68 844  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 69 210 
Support programme funding 
 19 973  
 1 966  
 82 554  
 9 758  
 31 899  
 146 150  
Other liabilities 
 3 012  
 872  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 3 884  
Total financial liabilities  
 32 253  
 92 258 
 92 377 
 9 758  
 109 911  
335 941  
Off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities * 
 399 245  
 52 626  
 18 981  
 -    
 -    
 470 852  
Total financial liabilities, off-balance items and contingent 
liabilities 
 431 498  
 144 884 
111 358  
 9 758  
109 911  
 806 793  
Due from credit institutions and the Treasury 
 279 354  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 279 354  
Investment securities 
 19 210  
 4 398  
 12 021  
 1 273  
 638  
 37 540  
Liquid assets 
 298 564  
 4 398  
 12 021  
 1 273  
 638  
 316 894  
 
* According to IAS 7 “Financial Instruments: Disclosures” requirements the major part of the guarantee portfolio issued by the Group has been classified within maturity 
“Up to 1 year” thus Total financial liabilities, off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities substantially exceeds Liquid assets with maturity of “Up to 1 year”. Track 
records of claimed guarantee compensations presents that the volume of guarantees claimed within such terms are considerably less than the amount of the 
commitment disclosed in the above maturity analyses. As a consequence, the liquidity of the Group is not deteriorated. 
 
Maturity profile of the Company’s expected undiscounted future cash flows of financial liabilities, off-balance liabilities and 
liquid assets as at 31 December 2019, in thousands of euro: 
 
Up to 1 year  
1 to 5 years
5 to 10 years
10 to 15 
years 
Over 15 
years and 
w/o maturity 
Total 
Due to credit institutions 
 8 761  
 20 828  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 29 589  
Due to general governments 
 32  
 2 138  
 6 756  
 -    
 77 396  
 86 322  
Issued debt securities 
 667  
 21 820  
 25 195  
 -    
 -    
 47 682  
Support programme funding 
 -    
 18 878  
 22 822  
 55 420  
 31 610  
 128 730  
Other liabilities 
 2 079  
 694  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2 773  
Total financial liabilities  
 11 539  
 64 358  
 54 773  
 55 420  
 109 006  
 295 096  
Off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities * 
 325 159  
 51 220  
 18 473  
 -    
 -    
 394 852  
Total financial liabilities, off-balance items and contingent 
liabilities 
 336 698  
 115 578  
 73 246  
 55 420  
 109 006  
 689 948  
Due from credit institutions and the Treasury 
 181 047  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 181 047  
Investment securities 
 10 904  
 26 739  
 10 776  
 -    
 -    
 48 419  
Liquid assets 
 191 951  
 26 739  
 10 776  
 -    
 -    
 229 466  
 
* According to IAS 7 “Financial Instruments: Disclosures” requirements the major part of the guarantee portfolio issued by the Group has been classified within maturity 
“Up to 1 year” thus Total financial liabilities, off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities substantially exceeds Liquid assets with maturity of “Up to 1 year”. Track 
records of claimed guarantee compensations presents that the volume of guarantees claimed within such terms are considerably less than the amount of the 
commitment disclosed in the above maturity analyses. As a consequence, the liquidity of the Group is not deteriorated.

--- Page 428 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum” 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
26 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(2) Liquidity Risk (cont’d) 
Breakdown of the Group’s assets and liabilities by maturity profile as at 30 June 2020 based on the time remaining from the 
reporting date to their contractual maturity, in thousands of euro: 
  
Up to 1 
month  
1 to 3 months 
3 to 6 months 
6 to 12 
months  
1 to 5 years 
Over 5 years 
and w/o 
maturity 
Total 
Assets 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due from credit institutions and the 
Treasury 
 276 349  
 -    
 3 005  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 279 354  
Financial assets at fair value through profit 
or loss 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 4 845  
 4 845  
Investment securities * 
 35  
 106  
 84  
 22 938  
 3 619  
 10 758  
 37 540  
Loans * 
 8 783  
 7 685  
 18 035  
 28 510  
 119 603  
 79 527  
 262 143  
Grants 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 22 391  
 317  
 22 708  
Deferred expense and accrued income 
 2 024  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2 024  
Investments in venture capital funds 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 6 545  
 25 005  
 18 705  
 50 255  
Investment property 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 31 769  
 1 721  
 33 490  
Property, plant and equipment 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 4 726  
 4 726  
Intangible assets 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1 371  
 1 371  
Other assets 
 1 037  
 37  
 148  
 104  
 1 185  
 -    
 2 511  
Total assets 
 288 228  
 7 828  
 21 272  
 58 097  
 203 572  
 121 970  
 700 967  
Liabilities  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due to credit institutions 
 -    
 4 374  
 -    
 4 340  
 16 488  
 -    
 25 202  
Due to general governments  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1 853  
 89 111  
 90 964  
Issued debt securities 
 -    
 (1) 
 185  
 182  
 64 985  
 -    
 65 351  
Deferred income and accrued expense 
 421  
 276  
 950  
 424  
 1 467  
 675  
 4 213  
Provisions  
 32 434  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 32 434  
Support programme funding 
 -    
 -    
 13 469  
 -    
 2 312  
 130 369  
 146 150  
Other liabilities 
 2 945  
 -    
 67  
 -    
 872  
 -    
 3 884  
Total liabilities 
 35 800  
 4 649  
 14 671  
 4 946  
 87 977  
 220 155  
 368 198  
Net liquidity 
 252 428  
 3 179  
 6 601  
 53 151  
 115 595  
 (98 185) 
 332 769  
 
* With regard to loans and advances to customers, the Group uses the same basis of expected repayment behaviour as used for estimating the effective interest rate. 
Investments in securities reflect their contractual coupon amortisations

--- Page 429 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum” 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
27 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(2) Liquidity Risk (cont’d) 
Breakdown of the Group’s assets and liabilities by maturity profile as at 31 December 2019 based on the time remaining from 
the reporting date to their contractual maturity, in thousands of euro: 
  
Up to 1 
month  
1 to 3 months 
3 to 6 months 
6 to 12 
months  
1 to 5 years 
Over 5 years 
and w/o 
maturity 
Total 
Assets 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due from credit institutions and the 
Treasury 
 176 197  
 -    
 2 001  
 3 001  
 -    
 -    
 181 199  
Financial assets at fair value through profit 
or loss 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 4 217  
 4 217  
Investment securities * 
 90  
 1 149  
 1  
 9 664  
 26 739  
 10 776  
 48 419  
Loans * 
 11 296  
 9 812  
 8 897  
 20 732  
 94 055  
 75 337  
 220 129  
Grants 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 13 792  
 3 394  
 17 186  
Deferred expense and accrued income 
 2 343  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2 343  
Investments in venture capital funds 
 1 508  
 -    
 7 051  
 -    
 27 236  
 16 748  
 52 543  
Investment property 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 22 582  
 1 784  
 24 366  
Property, plant and equipment 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 4 694  
 4 694  
Intangible assets 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1 395  
 1 395  
Other assets 
 1 746  
 -    
 -    
 560  
 1 264  
 -    
 3 570  
Total assets 
 193 180  
 10 961  
 17 950  
 33 957  
 185 668  
 118 345  
 560 061  
Liabilities  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due to credit institutions 
 -    
 4 375  
 -    
 4 339  
 20 828  
 -    
 29 542  
Financial assets at fair value through profit 
or loss – derivatives 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Due to general governments  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2 118  
 84 154  
 86 272  
Issued debt securities 
 -    
 269  
 -    
 58  
 20 013  
 25 008  
 45 348  
Deferred income and accrued expense 
 361  
 259  
 303  
 582  
 1 379  
 685  
 3 569  
Provisions  
 31 076  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 31 076  
Support programme funding 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 18 878  
 109 852  
 128 730  
Other liabilities 
 2 060  
 -    
 -    
 19  
 707  
 -    
 2 786  
Total liabilities 
 33 497  
 4 903  
 303  
 4 998  
 63 923  
 219 699  
 327 323  
Net liquidity 
 159 683  
 6 058  
 17 647  
 28 959  
 121 745  
 (101 354) 
 232 738  
 
* With regard to loans and advances to customers, the Group uses the same basis of expected repayment behaviour as used for estimating the effective interest rate. 
Investments in securities reflect their contractual coupon amortisations

--- Page 430 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum” 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
28 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(2) Liquidity Risk (cont’d) 
Breakdown of the Company’s assets and liabilities by maturity profile as at 30 June 2020 based on the time remaining from 
the reporting date to their contractual maturity, in thousands of euro: 
  
Up to 1 
month  
1 to 3 months 
3 to 6 months 
6 to 12 
months  
1 to 5 years 
Over 5 years 
and w/o 
maturity 
Total 
Assets 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due from credit institutions and the 
Treasury 
 276 349  
 -    
 3 005  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 279 354  
Financial assets at fair value through profit 
or loss 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Investment securities * 
 35  
 106  
 84  
 22 938  
 3 619  
 10 758  
 37 540  
Loans * 
 8 783  
 7 685  
 18 035  
 28 510  
 119 603  
 79 527  
 262 143  
Grants 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 22 391  
 317  
 22 708  
Deferred expense and accrued income 
 2 024  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2 024  
Investments in venture capital funds 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 6 545  
 25 005  
 18 705  
 50 255  
Investments in subsidiaries  
 -    
 -    
 832  
 -    
 -    
 3 483  
 4 315  
Investment property 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 31 769  
 1 721  
 33 490  
Property, plant and equipment 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 4 726  
 4 726  
Intangible assets 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1 371  
 1 371  
Other assets 
 1 037  
 37  
 148  
 104  
 1 185  
 -    
 2 511  
Total assets 
 288 228  
 7 828  
 22 104  
 58 097  
 203 572  
 120 608  
 700 437  
Liabilities  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due to credit institutions 
 -    
 4 374  
 -    
 4 340  
 16 488  
 -    
 25 202  
Due to general governments  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1 853  
 89 111  
 90 964  
Issued debt securities 
 -    
 (1) 
 185  
 182  
 64 985  
 -    
 65 351  
Deferred income and accrued expense 
 421  
 276  
 950  
 424  
 1 467  
 675  
 4 213  
Provisions  
 32 434  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 32 434  
Support programme funding 
 -    
 -    
 13 469  
 -    
 2 312  
 130 369  
 146 150  
Other liabilities 
 2 945  
 -    
 67  
 -    
 872  
 -    
 3 884  
Total liabilities 
 35 800  
 4 649  
 14 671  
 4 946  
 87 977  
 220 155  
 368 198  
Net liquidity 
 252 428  
 3 179  
 7 433  
 53 151  
 115 595  
 (99 547) 
 332 239  
 
* With regard to loans and advances to customers, the Group uses the same basis of expected repayment behaviour as used for estimating the effective interest rate. 
Investments in securities reflect their contractual coupon amortisations

--- Page 431 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum” 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
29 
 
3 Risk Management (cont’d) 
(2) Liquidity Risk (cont’d) 
Breakdown of the Company’s assets and liabilities by maturity profile as at 31 December 2019 based on the time remaining 
from the reporting date to their contractual maturity, in thousands of euro: 
  
Up to 1 
month  
1 to 3 months 
3 to 6 months 
6 to 12 
months  
1 to 5 years 
Over 5 years 
and w/o 
maturity 
Total 
Assets 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due from credit institutions and the 
Treasury 
 176 045  
 -    
 2 001  
 3 001  
 -    
 -    
 181 047  
Financial assets at fair value through profit 
or loss 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Investment securities * 
 90  
 1 149  
 1  
 9 664  
 26 739  
 10 776  
 48 419  
Loans * 
 11 296  
 9 812  
 8 897  
 20 732  
 94 055  
 75 337  
 220 129  
Grants 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 13 792  
 3 394  
 17 186  
Deferred expense and accrued income 
 2 343  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2 343  
Investments in venture capital funds 
 1 508  
 -    
 7 051  
 -    
 27 236  
 16 748  
 52 543  
Investments in subsidiaries  
 -  
 -        
 -  
 -        
 832  
 2 980  
 3 812  
Investment property 
 -        
 -  
 -        
 -  
 22 582  
 1 784  
 24 366  
Property, plant and equipment 
 -        
 -  
 -        
 -  
 -  
 4 694  
 4 694  
Intangible assets 
 -        
 -  
 -        
 -  
 -        
 1 395  
 1 395  
Other assets 
 1 746  
 -    
 -    
 560  
 1 264  
 -    
 3 570  
Total assets 
 193 028  
 10 961  
 17 950  
 33 957  
 186 500  
 117 108  
 559 504  
Liabilities  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due to credit institutions 
 -    
 4 375  
 -    
 4 339  
 20 828  
 -    
 29 542  
Financial assets at fair value through profit 
or loss – derivatives 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Due to general governments  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -     
 2 118  
 84 154  
 86 272  
Issued debt securities 
 -    
 269  
 -    
 58  
 20 013  
 25 008  
 45 348  
Deferred income and accrued expense 
 361  
 259  
 303  
 582  
 1 379  
 685  
 3 569  
Provisions  
 31 076  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 31 076  
Support programme funding 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 18 878  
 109 852  
 128 730  
Other liabilities 
 2 060  
 -    
 -    
 19  
 694  
 -     
 2 773  
Total liabilities 
 33 497  
 4 903  
 303  
 4 998  
 63 910  
 219 699  
 327 310  
Net liquidity 
 159 531  
 6 058  
 17 647  
 28 959  
 122 590  
 (102 591) 
 232 194  
 
* With regard to loans and advances to customers, the Group uses the same basis of expected repayment behaviour as used for estimating the effective interest rate. 
Investments in securities reflect their contractual coupon amortisations

--- Page 432 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum” 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
30 
 
4 Interest income 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
 
01.01.2020.-
30.06.2020. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2019.-
30.06.2019. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2020.-
30.06.2020. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2019.-
30.06.2019. 
(unaudited) 
Interest on loans and guarantees 
 6 521  
 5 875  
 6 521  
 5 875  
Interest on securities at fair value 
 749  
 760  
 749  
 760  
Interest on securities at amortised cost  
 10  
 6  
 10  
 6  
Other interest income 
 13  
 11  
 13  
 11  
Total interest income 
 7 293  
 6 652  
 7 293  
 6 652  
 
The Group’s/Company’s sub-item Interest income on loans and guarantees is reduced by EUR 459 thousand (6 months of 
2019: EUR 230 thousand) according to the Mezzanine and Guarantee Fund Activity Agreement concluded with the Ministry 
of Economics in 2016 (Agreement No 2011/16) stipulating that the financing given by the Ministry of Economics must be 
increased by the income of the Mezzanine and Guarantee Fund from the placement of free funds, interest income from loans, 
premium income on issued guarantees, commissions, contractual penalties and other income. 
 
5 Interest expense 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
 
01.01.2020.-
30.06.2020. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2019.-
30.06.2019. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2020.-
30.06.2020. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2019.-
30.06.2019. 
(unaudited) 
Interest on balances due to credit institutions 
 291  
 187  
 291  
 187  
Interest on issued debt securities 
 333  
 216  
 333  
 216  
Allocation of state support programmes’ profit to support programme funding 
 332  
 736  
 332  
 736  
Other commission expense 
 18  
 34  
 18  
 34  
Total interest expense 
 974  
 1 173  
 974  
 1 173  
 
For particular state support programmes according to respective agreements concluded with the Ministry of Economics the 
net profit of the programme should be split between the Group / Company un the Ministry of Economics by increasing public 
funding given by the Ministry of Economics (recognised as Support programme funding in the Balance sheet). 
 
6 Income for implementation of state aid programmes 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
 
01.01.2020.-
30.06.2020. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2019.-
30.06.2019. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2020.-
30.06.2020. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2019.-
30.06.2019. 
(unaudited) 
Compensation of expenses for management of state support programmes 
 1 001  
 1 145  
 1 001  
 1 145  
Compensation of venture capital fund management fees 
 1 467  
 583  
 1 467  
 583  
Compensation of expenses for management of state support programmes of the 
previous years 
 332  
 237  
 332  
 237  
Compensation of expenses of capital congestion 
 100  
 -    
 100  
 -    
Total income from implementation of state support programmes 
 2 900  
 1 965  
 2 900  
 1 965

--- Page 433 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum” 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
31 
 
7 Expenses to be compensated for implementation of 
state aid programmes 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
 
01.01.2020.-
30.06.2020. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2019.-
30.06.2019. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2020.-
30.06.2020. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2019.-
30.06.2019. 
(unaudited) 
Compensated staff costs 
 819  
 933  
 819  
 933  
Compensated administrative expense 
 182  
 212  
 182  
 212  
Compensated venture capital fund management fees 
 1 469  
 583  
 1 469  
 583  
Total compensated expense for implementation of state support programmes 
 2 470  
 1 728  
 2 470  
 1 728  
 
8 Other income 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
 
01.01.2020.-
30.06.2020. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2019.-
30.06.2019. 
(unaudited) * 
01.01.2020.-
30.06.2020. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2019.-
30.06.2019. 
(unaudited) * 
Income from lease payments for operational leases 
 460  
 260 * 
 460  
 260 * 
Income from lease payments for financial leases 
 316  
 -    
 316  
 -    
Income from investment property revaluation 
 10  
 -    
 10  
 -    
Income from sale of investment property 
 27  
 12 * 
 27  
 12 * 
Income from sale of repossessed collateral 
 13  
 134 * 
 13  
 134 * 
Other commission income 
 3  
 -    
 3  
 -    
Other operating income 
 567  
 19 * 
 567  
 19 * 
Total other income 
 1 396  
 425  
 1 396  
 425  
 
* comparatives reclassified as stated in Section (1) of Note 2. 
 
9 Other expense 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
 
01.01.2020.-
30.06.2020. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2019.-
30.06.2019. 
(unaudited) * 
01.01.2020.-
30.06.2020. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2019.-
30.06.2019. 
(unaudited) * 
Maintenance and service costs of Land Fund 
 143  
 110 * 
 143  
 110 * 
Debt collection costs 
 76  
 59 * 
 76  
 59 * 
Maintenance costs of repossessed collateral 
 3  
 10 * 
 3  
 10 * 
Revaluation of repossessed collateral 
 27  
 -    
 27  
 -    
Depreciation of right-of-use assets 
 68  
 42 * 
 68  
 42 * 
Commission expense on investments in securities 
 45  
 39 * 
 45  
 39 * 
Other commission expense 
 1  
 1  
 1  
 1  
Total other expense 
 363  
 261  
 363  
 261  
 
* comparatives reclassified as stated in Section (1) of Note 2.

--- Page 434 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum” 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
32 
 
10 Impairment losses, net 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
 
01.01.2020.-
30.06.2020. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2019.-
30.06.2019. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2020.-
30.06.2020. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2019.-
30.06.2019. 
(unaudited) 
Impairment losses on: 
 8 277  
 3 567  
 8 277  
 3 567  
Loans, net 
 4 279  
 2 069  
 4 279  
 2 069  
impairment losses (Note 13) 
 6 744  
 3 341  
 6 744  
 3 341  
impairment losses covered by risk coverage reserve 
 (2 465) 
 (1 272) 
 (2 465) 
 (1 272) 
Disbursed guarantee compensations 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
impairment losses (Note 15)  
 -   
 519  
 -   
 519  
impairment losses covered by risk coverage reserve 
 -   
 (519) 
 -   
 (519) 
Grants 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Other assets 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Due from credit institutions and the Treasury 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Financial assets related to loan agreements 
 2  
 -    
 2  
 -    
Debt securities 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Guarantees, net 
 3 383  
 1 359  
 3 383  
 1 359  
impairment losses (Note 19)  
 6 975  
 5 638  
 6 975  
 5 638  
impairment losses covered by risk coverage reserve 
 (3 592) 
 (4 279) 
 (3 592) 
 (4 279) 
Loan commitments, net 
 613  
 139  
 613  
 139  
impairment losses (Note 19)  
 770  
 320  
 770  
 320  
impairment losses covered by risk coverage reserve 
 (157) 
 (181) 
 (157) 
 (181) 
Grant commitments 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Reversal of impairment on: 
 (4 848) 
 (5 031) 
 (4 848) 
 (5 031) 
Loans, net 
 (2 309) 
 (2 924) 
 (2 309) 
 (2 924) 
reversal of impairment (Note 13) 
 (2 648) 
 (3 435) 
 (2 648) 
 (3 435) 
reversal of impairment covered by risk coverage reserve 
 339  
 511  
 339  
 511  
Disbursed guarantee compensations 
 (88) 
 (1 155) 
 (88) 
 (1 155) 
reversal of impairment (Note 15) 
 (96) 
 (1 161) 
 (96) 
 (1 161) 
reversal of impairment covered by risk coverage reserve 
 8  
 6  
 8  
 6  
Grants 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Other assets 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Due from credit institutions and the Treasury 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Financial assets related to loan agreements 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Debt securities 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Guarantees, net 
 (2 235) 
 (905) 
 (2 235) 
 (905) 
reversal of impairment (Note 19) 
 (5 520) 
 (2 457) 
 (5 520) 
 (2 457) 
reversal of impairment covered by risk coverage reserve 
 3 285  
 1 552  
 3 285  
 1 552  
Loan commitments, net 
 (216) 
 (47) 
 (216) 
 (47) 
reversal of impairment (Note 19) 
 (375) 
 (766) 
 (375) 
 (766) 
reversal of impairment covered by risk coverage reserve 
 159  
 719  
 159  
 719  
Grant commitments 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Total impairment losses / (reversal), net 
 3 429  
 (1 464) 
 3 429  
 (1 464) 
Recovery of loans written off in previous periods 
 (497) 
 (1 114) 
 (497) 
 (1 114) 
Total impairment losses and (income) from recovery of loans written-off 
 2 932  
 (2 578) 
 2 932  
 (2 578) 
 
Additional information available in Note 3.1.

--- Page 435 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum” 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
33 
 
11 Due from credit institutions and the Treasury 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
Due from credit institutions and State Treasury 
 279 356  
 181 201  
 279 356  
 181 049  
cash and cash equivalent 
 276 350  
 176 199  
 276 350  
 176 047  
Impairment allowances 
 (2) 
 (2) 
 (2) 
 (2) 
Net due from credit institutions and State Treasury 
 279 354  
 181 199  
 279 354  
 181 047  
Placing the funds within the Treasury of the Republic of Latvia and monetary financial institutions, the external credit ratings 
assigned to these financial institutions are evaluated. The evaluation of the financial institutions not having been assigned 
individual ratings is based on the ratings assigned to their parent banks as well as their financial and operational assessments. 
Once the contracts have been concluded, the Group / Company supervises the monetary financial institutions and follows 
that the assigned limits comply with credit risk assessment. All assets in this category represent Stage 1 for expected credit loss 
(hereafter - ECL) calculation purposes. There were no changes in staging during the reporting period as there were no changes 
in the calculated ECL during the reporting period.. 
Breakdown of the Group’s balances due from credit institutions and the Treasury by credit rating categories based on Moody's 
ratings or their equivalent, in thousands of euro: 
Ratings 
Aaa 
Aa1-
Aa3 
A1-A3 
Baa1-
Baa3 
Ba1-Ba3 
B1-B3 
Caa-C 
Withdrawn 
rating 
(WR) 
Total 
Due from credit institutions registered in the 
Republic of Latvia and the Treasury 
 -    
 12 435  
 138 364  
 23 973  
 6 427  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 181 199  
Total gross as at 31 December 2019 
(audited) 
 -    
 12 435  
 138 364  
 23 973  
 6 427  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 181 199  
Due from credit institutions registered in the 
Republic of Latvia and the Treasury 
 -    
 3 533  
 243 515  
 23 968  
 8 338  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 279 354  
Total gross as at 30 June 2020 (unaudited) 
 -    
 3 533  
 243 515  
 23 968  
 8 338  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 279 354  
 
Breakdown of the Company’s balances due from credit institutions and the Treasury by credit rating categories based on 
Moody's ratings or their equivalent, in thousands of euro: 
Ratings 
Aaa 
Aa1-
Aa3 
A1-A3 
Baa1-
Baa3 
Ba1-Ba3 
B1-B3 
Caa-C 
Withdrawn 
rating 
(WR) 
Total 
Due from credit institutions registered in the 
Republic of Latvia and the Treasury 
 -    
 12 435  
 138 364  
 23 821  
 6 427  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 181 047  
Total gross as at 31 December 2019 
(audited) 
 -    
 12 435  
 138 364  
 23 821  
 6 427  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 181 047  
Due from credit institutions registered in the 
Republic of Latvia and the Treasury 
 -    
 3 533  
 243 515  
 23 968  
 8 338  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 279 354  
Total gross as at 30 June 2020 (unaudited) 
 -    
 3 533  
 243 515  
 23 968  
 8 338  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 279 354  
 
As at 30 June 2020, the Group / Company held accounts with 4 banks and the Treasury of the Republic of Latvia. 
As at 30 June 2020, the average interest rate on balances due from credit institutions was 0.0% (31 December 2019: -0.02%). 
12 Investments in venture capital funds 
The Group’s / Company’s investments in associates based on information provided by venture capital fund managers, in 
thousands of euro: 
 
 
Equity of venture capital fund
Carrying Amount
Company or venture capital fund generation 
Country of incorporation 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
The 1st generation VCFs  
LV 
 -    
 2 387  
 -    
 1 508  
The 2nd generation VCFs 
LV 
 14 146  
 18 227  
 12 404  
 12 990  
The 3rd generation VCFs 
LV 
 18 501  
 21 493  
 19 146  
 21 308  
The 4th generation VCFs 
LV 
 8 653  
 4 294  
 2 357  
 2 636  
Baltic Innovation fund 
LU 
 71 240  
 72 190  
 15 431  
 13 851  
Baltic Innovation fund II 
LU 
 4 990  
 710  
 917  
 250  
Total investments in venture capital funds 
  
 117 530  
 119 301  
 50 255  
 52 543

--- Page 436 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum” 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
34 
 
12 Investments in venture capital funds (cont’d) 
As at 30 June 2020 the total VCF portfolio value at cost value was EUR 68,589 thousand (as at 31 December 2019: EUR 68,331 
thousand). 
Movement in the Group’s / Company’s investments in associates, in thousands of euro: 
Investments in associates 
BIF investments 
Total 
 
01.01.2020.-
30.06.2020. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2019.-
30.06.2019. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2020.-
30.06.2020. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2019.-
30.06.2019. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2020.-
30.06.2020. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2019.-
30.06.2019. 
(unaudited) 
Carrying amount at the beginning of period 
 38 442  
 39 252  
 14 101  
 10 988  
 52 543  
 50 240  
Invested 
 72  
 1 376  
 2 247  
 1 753  
 2 319  
 3 129  
Refunded 
 (2 658) 
 (1 181) 
 -    
 -    
 (2 658) 
 (1 181) 
Mezzanine interest received and realised 
gain on exit 
 (472) 
 (507) 
 -    
 -    
 (472) 
 (507) 
Share of net loss of investment in joint 
venture and associate  
 (1 477) 
 623  
 -    
 -    
 (1 477) 
 623  
Share of gain of investment in joint venture 
and associate at fair value through profit or 
loss  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Carrying amount at the end of the period 
ended at 30 June 
 33 907  
 39 563  
 16 348  
 12 741  
 50 255  
 52 304  
Impairment 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Net carrying amount at the period ended at 
30 June 
 33 907  
 38 442  
 16 348  
 14 101  
 50 255  
 52 543  
 
In the reporting period, the Group’s / Company’s expenses included: 
 Management fees for the 2nd and 3rd generation venture capital funds amounted EUR 459 thousand (6 months of 
2019: EUR 531 thousand) which were compensated from the risk coverage reserve; 
 Management fees for the 4th generation venture capital funds amounted EUR 384 thousand (6 months of 2019: EUR 
240 thousand) which were compensated from the risk coverage reserve; 
 Management fees for the Baltic Innovation Fund amounted EUR 47 thousand (6 months of 2019: EUR 47 thousand) which 
were compensated from the risk coverage reserve; 
 Management fees for the Baltic Innovation Fund II amounted EUR 55 thousand (6 months of 2019: 0) which were 
compensated from the risk coverage reserve. 
Part of disbursements made into the 4th generation venture capital funds are classified as Investments in subsidiaries (detailed 
information is available in Note 1) and management fees of such funds amounted EUR 605 thousand (6 months of 2019: EUR 
300 thousand) which were compensated from the risk coverage reserve. 
13 Loans 
The loans granted constitute the Group’s / Company’s balances due from residents of Latvia. 
The Group’s / Company’s loans by the borrower profile, in thousands of euro: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
SME and Midcaps 
 130 523  
 99 282  
 130 523  
 99 282  
Agriculture 
 122 847  
 113 711  
 122 847  
 113 711  
Individuals 
 8 718  
 9 578  
 8 718  
 9 578  
Financial Intermediaries 
 2 228  
 2 573  
 2 228  
 2 573  
Land Fund 
 18 814  
 15 268  
 18 814  
 15 268  
Total gross loans 
 283 130  
 240 412  
 283 130  
 240 412  
Impairment allowances 
 (20 987) 
 (20 283) 
 (20 987) 
 (20 283) 
Total net loans 
 262 143  
 220 129  
 262 143  
 220 129  
 
Analysis of the loan amount, equalling to or exceeding EUR 1,000 thousand, issued to one customer: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
Number of customers 
 35  
 29  
 35  
 29  
Total credit exposure of customers (EUR ‘000) 
 50 931  
 42 623  
 50 931  
 42 623  
Percentage of total gross portfolio of loans 
17.51% 
17.73% 
17.51% 
17.73%

--- Page 437 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum” 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
35 
 
13 Loans (cont’d) 
As at 30 June 2020 the average annual interest rate for the loan portfolio of the Group / Company was 4.08% (31 December 
2019: 4.19%). 
Breakdown of the Group’s / Company's loans by industries, in thousands of euro: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
Agriculture and forestry 
 136 909  
 117 065  
 136 909  
 117 065  
Manufacturing 
 58 539  
 50 035  
 58 539  
 50 035  
Private individuals 
 8 718  
 12 909  
 8 718  
 12 909  
Other industries  
 22 204  
 25 073  
 22 204  
 25 073  
Retail and wholesale 
 22 363  
 10 208  
 22 363  
 10 208  
Hotels and restaurants 
 7 024  
 4 375  
 7 024  
 4 375  
Electricity, gas and water utilities 
 7 793  
 7 196  
 7 793  
 7 196  
Transport, warehousing and communications 
 2 565  
 1 045  
 2 565  
 1 045  
Real estate 
 8 509  
 7 543  
 8 509  
 7 543  
Construction 
 6 420  
 2 309  
 6 420  
 2 309  
Financial intermediation 
 514  
 681  
 514  
 681  
Fishing 
 1 412  
 1 786  
 1 412  
 1 786  
Municipal authorities 
 160  
 187  
 160  
 187  
Total gross loans 
 283 130  
 240 412  
 283 130  
 240 412  
Impairment allowances 
 (20 987) 
 (20 283) 
 (20 987) 
 (20 283) 
Total net loans 
 262 143  
 220 129  
 262 143  
 220 129  
 
Movement in the Group’s / Company’s impairment allowances, in thousands of euro: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
01.01.2020.-
30.06.2020. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2019.-
30.06.2019. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2020.-
30.06.2020. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2019.-
30.06.2019. 
(unaudited) 
Allowances at the beginning of the period 
 20 283  
 19 376  
 20 283  
 19 376  
Increase in impairment allowances (Note 10) 
 6 744  
 3 341  
 6 744  
 3 341  
Decrease in impairment allowances (Note 10) 
 (2 648) 
 (3 435) 
 (2 648) 
 (3 435) 
Write-off of loans  
 (3 392) 
 (1 181) 
 (3 392) 
 (1 181) 
Currency change 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Allowances at the end of the period ended 30 June (unaudited) 
 20 987  
 18 101  
 20 987  
 18 101  
Group’s / Company’s share of provisions 
 14 188  
 12 617  
 14 188  
 12 617  
Provisions covered by risk coverage* 
 6 799  
 5 484  
 6 799  
 5 484  
Increase in impairment allowances 
 -    
 5 452  
 -    
 5 452  
Decrease in impairment allowances 
 -    
 (2 462) 
 -    
 (2 462) 
Write-off of loans  
 -    
 (808) 
 -    
 (808) 
Currency change 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Allowances at the end of the period ended 31 December (audited) 
 -    
 20 283  
 -    
 20 283  
Group’s / Company’s share of provisions 
 -   
 14 916  
 -   
 14 916  
Provisions covered by risk coverage* 
 -   
 5 367  
 -   
 5 367  
 
14 Investment properties 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
Carrying amount at the beginning of period 
 24 366  
 14 794  
 24 366  
 14 794  
Acquired during the reporting period* 
 9 154  
 9 145  
 9 154  
 9 145  
Disposals during the reporting period 
 (30) 
 (98) 
 (30) 
 (98) 
Net gain from fair value adjustment  
 -    
 525  
 -    
 525  
Carrying amount at the end of the period  
 33 490  
 24 366  
 33 490  
 24 366  
All acquisitions of investment properties made in the reporting period were related to the activities of the Land Fund 
programme.

--- Page 438 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum” 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
36 
 
15 Other assets 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
Financial assets 
 5 358  
 6 095  
 5 358  
 6 095  
Other assets (repossessed collateral) 
 91  
 503  
 91  
 503  
Total other assets, gross 
 5 449  
 6 598  
 5 449  
 6 598  
Impairment allowances for financial assets 
 (2 938) 
 (3 028) 
 (2 938) 
 (3 028) 
Group’s / Company’s share of provisions 
 (1 904) 
 (2 204) 
 (1 904) 
 (2 204) 
Provisions covered by risk coverage 
 (1 034) 
 (824) 
 (1 034) 
 (824) 
Total financial assets, net 
 2 420  
 3 067  
 2 420  
 3 067  
Total other assets, net 
 2 511  
 3 570  
 2 511  
 3 570  
 
The Group’s / Company’s sub-item Other assets (repossessed collateral) includes assets that have been taken over in the debt 
collection process and are held to be sold in the ordinary course of business. 
 
Movement in the Group’s / Company’s net book value of financial assets in the 6 months of 2020, in thousands of euro: 
 
Disbursed 
guarantee 
compensations 
Financial assets 
related to loan 
agreements 
Other financial 
assets 
Total 
Financial assets  
  
  
  
  
At the beginning of period 
 2 361  
 163  
 3 571  
 6 095  
Changes 
 (43) 
 (19) 
 (675) 
 (737) 
As at 30 June 2020 (unaudited) 
 2 318  
 144  
 2 896  
 5 358  
Impairment provision  
  
  
  
  
At the beginning of period 
 (2 361) 
 (143) 
 (524) 
 (3 028) 
Changes in impairment allowances 
 43  
 48  
 (1) 
 90  
As at 30 June 2020 (unaudited) 
 (2 318) 
 (95) 
 (525) 
 (2 938) 
Net book value at the beginning of period 
 -    
 20  
 3 047  
 3 067  
Net book value as at 30 June 2020 (unaudited) 
 -    
 46  
 2 371  
 2 420  
16 Due to credit institutions 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
Due to credit institutions registered in OECD countries 
 25 202  
 29 542  
 25 202  
 29 542  
Total due to credit institutions 
 25 202  
 29 542  
 25 202  
 29 542  
 
Balances due to credit institutions registered in the OECD countries include loan received by the Group / Company from the 
European Investment Bank (EIB) of EUR 25,202 thousand (31 December 2019: EUR 29,542 thousand), of which EUR 29 thousand 
constitutes accrued interest expenses (31 December 2019: EUR 28 thousand). In the reporting period, the  Group / Company 
repaid the principal in amount of EUR 4,340 thousand. The Ministry of Finance of the Republic of Latvia has issued a guarantee 
for the loan of EUR 25,202 thousand (31 December 2019: EUR 29,542 thousand), which is considered a parent guarantee on 
behalf of the Group / Company. 
In December 2019, the Company entered into a new loan agreement with the EIB for the amount of EUR 18,000 thousand to 
fund loans for sustainable and climate change mitigation projects. In addition to financing of green bonds, this funding will 
allow loans to entrepreneurs and ESCOs to be offered with a significantly longer repayment period of up to 15 years, in line 
with the repayment period of the investment project. The loan disbursement has not been started yet. 
As at 30 June 2020, the average interest rate for the balances Due to credit institutions was 0.37% (31 December 2019: 0.31%).

--- Page 439 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum” 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
37 
 
17 Due to general governments 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
Loans received from Rural Support Service 
 5 552  
 5 565  
 5 552  
 5 565  
Loans received from the Treasury  
 85 412  
 80 707  
 85 412  
 80 707  
Total due to general governments 
 90 964  
 86 272  
 90 964  
 86 272  
 
Subitem Loans received from Rural Support Service includes the financing to the Loan Fund, which was established in 2010 for 
the purpose to issue the loans to the agricultural and fisheries beneficiaries via financial intermediaries. As at 30 June 2020 the 
Group / Company liabilities to Rural Support Service consist of the principal amount of EUR 5,335 thousand (31 December 
2019: EUR 5,337 thousand) and accrued interest – EUR 217 thousand (31 December 2019: EUR 288 thousand). The final 
repayment date is 31 January 2027. The loan from Rural Support Service is unsecured. 
Subitem Loans received from the Treasury includes the loans received by the Group / Company for the implementation the 
following loan programmes: 
 Agricultural land acquisition programme: as at 30 June 2020 the principal amount of the loan EUR 67,399 thousand (as 
at 31 December 2019: EUR 67,399 thousand), the final repayment date 31 December 2050. As a collateral serves the 
commercial pledge to the right of the Company’s claims resulting from loans granted by the Group / Company under 
the programme. As at 30 June 2020, according to the loan agreement the Company still is available the financing in 
the amount of EUR 8,979 thousand, the size and pace of its drawdown relates to the further volume of new loan 
transactions. As at 30 June 2020, the amount of the secured claim was EUR 67,400 thousand (31 December 2019: EUR 
67,400 thousand). 
 SME development programme: as at 30 June 2020 the principal amount of the loan EUR 9,997 thousand (31 December 
2019: EUR 9,997 thousand), the final repayment date 31 December 2040. As a collateral serves the commercial pledge 
to the right of the Company’s claims resulting from loans granted by the Group / Company under the programme. As 
at 30 June 2020, according to the loan agreement the Company still is available the financing in the amount of EUR 
45,003 thousand, the size and pace of its drawdown relates to the further volume of new loan transactions. As at 30 
June 2020, the amount of the secured claim was EUR 11,996 thousand (31 December 2019: EUR 11,996 thousand). 
 Latvian Land Fund (the financing for the Fund’s transactions): as at 30 June 2020 the principal amount of the loan EUR 
8,015 thousand (31 December 2019: EUR 3,309 thousand), the final repayment date 29 December 2028. As a collateral 
serves the mortgage on the real estate purchased with the financing received under the loan. As at 30 June 2020, 
according to the loan agreement the Company still is available the financing in the amount of EUR 1,912 thousand, the 
size and pace of its drawdown relates to the further volume of new loan transactions. As at 30 June 2020, the amount 
of registered mortgage was EUR 8,284 thousand (31 December 2019: EUR 8,284 thousand). 
The Company has also concluded the following loan agreements with the Treasury, the funding under which have not yet 
been used: 
 Micro Loans and Star-up Loans programme: the amount of the loan agreement EUR 23,000 thousand, the final 
repayment date 31 December 2028, commercial pledge on the Company’s claims for the loans under the programme. 
The size and pace of the drawdown the loan relates to the further volume of new loan transactions. The maximum 
amount of the secured claim is EUR 27,600 thousand. 
 Parallel Loan programme: the amount of the loan agreement EUR 20,000 thousand, the final repayment date 31 
January 2036, commercial pledge on the Company’s claims for the loans under the programme. The size and pace of 
the drawdown the loan relates to the further volume of new loan transactions. The maximum secured claim is EUR 
24,000 thousand. 
As at 30 June 2020 the accrued interest on the loans received from the Treasury amounts to EUR 1,287 (31 December 2019: 
EUR 1,302).

--- Page 440 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum” 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
38 
 
18 Support programme funding 
The Group’s / Company’s information on the risk coverage reserve included in the support programme funding and state aid, 
which can be used for covering the Group’s / Company’s credit risk losses, in thousands of euro: 
 
30.06.2020. 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial Instrument / Programme 
Programme 
funding 
Credit risk 
coverage 
Provisions 
covered by 
risk coverage 
Accrued 
liabilities on 
state aid 
Fair 
value 
correction 
Net 
programme 
funding 
Loans 
  
  
  
  
  
  
ERDF II 
 13 113  
 3 495  
 (615) 
 3 093  
 (8 489) 
 7 102  
ESF II 
 1 518  
 317  
 (108) 
 771  
 (1 320) 
 861  
Microcredits of Swiss programme 
 5 602  
 436  
 (24) 
 331  
 (483) 
 5 426  
ERDF I 
 416  
 121  
 (15) 
 27  
 (327) 
 101  
ESF I 
 311  
 45  
 (34) 
 -    
 -    
 277  
Microcredits 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
ERDF II (second round) 
 6 343  
 553  
 (108) 
 566  
 (1 223) 
 5 578  
Incubators (from ESF II) 
 81  
 8  
 (1) 
 -    
 -    
 80  
ERAF II 2 Public fund 
 285  
 58  
 (15) 
 -    
 -    
 270  
Fund of Funds programme – Start-up loans  
 2 625  
 2 625  
 (471) 
 -    
 -    
 2 154  
Fund of Funds programme – Microcredits 
 298  
 297  
 (33) 
 -    
 -    
 265  
Fund of Funds programme – Parallel loans 
 3 425  
 3 425  
 (2 497) 
 -    
 -    
 928  
Energy Efficiency Programme for Multi-apartment Buildings Loans 
 3 704  
 3 503  
 (43) 
 -    
 -    
 3 661  
Start-up State Aid Cumulation Lending Programme  
 1 994  
 1 994  
 (378) 
 -    
 (16) 
 1 600  
Other loans to start-ups  
 1 583  
 390  
 (86) 
 89  
 (254) 
 1 332  
Mezzanine Programme – Loans 
 2 920  
 2 628  
 (2 426) 
 -    
 -    
 494  
Guarantees and interest grants programme 
 4 234  
 4 234  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 4 234  
SME energy efficiency loans 
 1 723  
 1 723  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1 723  
Parallel loans 
 2 000  
 2 000  
 (184) 
 -    
 -    
 1 816  
Loans for enterprises in rural territories 
 6 304  
 599  
 (85) 
 -    
 -    
 6 219  
Parallel loans to large entrepreneurs 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Total loans 
 58 479 * 
 28 451  
 (7 123) 
 4 877  
 (12 112) 
 44 121  
Guarantees 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Fund of Funds programme - Guarantees  
 27 264  
 27 263  
 (8 122) 
 -    
 -    
 19 142  
Energy Efficiency Programme for Multi-apartment Buildings Guarantees 
 6 171  
 5 832  
 (986) 
 -    
 -    
 5 185  
Housing Guarantee Programme 
 14 005  
 14 005  
 (8 659) 
 -    
 -    
 5 346  
Guarantee Programme for Clients of State Aid Accumulation, Grace 
Period and Large Economic Operators 
 7 753  
 7 753  
 (1 508) 
 -    
 -    
 6 245  
Mezzanine Programme - Guarantees 
 1 422  
 1 280  
 (981) 
 -    
 -    
 441  
Portfolio Guarantee Fund 
 4 069  
 3 743  
 (1 352) 
 -    
 -    
 2 717  
Export guarantees  
 2 477  
 2 477  
 (320) 
 -    
 -    
 2 157  
Agricultural Guarantees 
 1 058  
 1 058  
 (444) 
 -    
 -    
 614  
Total guarantees 
 64 219  
 63 411  
 (22 372) 
 -    
 -    
 41 847  
Grants 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Energy Efficiency Programme for Multi-apartment Buildings Grants 
 25 567  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 25 567  
Social Entrepreneurship Programme  
 713  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 713  
Grants for development of energy efficiency projects 
 265  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 265  
Total grants 
 26 545  
 -    
 -    
  
  
 26 545  
Venture Capital Funds 
  
  
  
  
  
 -    
Fund of Funds and venture capital funds 
 29 310  
 16 120  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 29 310  
Investment Fund Activity 
 1 218  
 609  
 -    
 -    
 (166) 
 1 052  
Baltic Innovation Fund 
 2 000  
 600  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2 000  
Baltic Innovation Fund II 
 833  
 250  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 833  
Total venture capital funds 
 33 361  
 17 579  
 -    
 -    
 (166) 
 33 195  
Other Activities 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Energy Efficiency Fund 
 442  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 442  
Regional Creative Industries Alliance  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Total other activities 
 442  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 442  
Total support programme funding 
 183 046 ** 
 109 441  
 (29 495) 
 4 877  
 (12 278) 
 146 150  
 
* Support programme funding includes funding that is planned to be reallocated to other support programmes. Funding is planned to be reallocated in 2020. 
** Support programme funding contains EUR 18,735 thousand allocated for management costs of the Group / Company to be compensated from support programme 
funding.

--- Page 441 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum” 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
39 
 
18 Support programme funding (cont’d) 
The Group’s / Company’s information on the risk coverage reserve included in the support programme funding and state aid, 
which can be used for covering the Group’s / Company’s credit risk losses, in thousands of euro: 
 
31.12.2019. 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial Instrument / Programme 
Programme 
funding 
Credit risk 
coverage 
Provisions 
covered by 
risk coverage 
Accrued 
liabilities on 
state aid 
Fair 
value 
correction 
Net 
programme 
funding 
Loans 
  
  
  
  
  
  
ERDF II 
 13 324  
 4 318  
 (902) 
 3 093  
 (8 489) 
 7 026  
ESF II 
 1 523  
 478  
 (132) 
 771  
 (1 320) 
 842  
Microcredits of Swiss programme 
 5 610  
 718  
 (24) 
 331  
 (483) 
 5 434  
ERDF I 
 886  
 138  
 (17) 
 27  
 (327) 
 569  
ESF I 
 317  
 58  
 (37) 
 -    
 -    
 280  
Microcredits 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
ERDF II (second round) 
 6 366  
 745  
 (124) 
 566  
 (1 223) 
 5 585  
Incubators (from ESF II) 
 80  
 11  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 80  
ERAF II 2 Public fund 
 285  
 129  
 (15) 
 -    
 -    
 270  
Fund of Funds programme – Start-up loans  
 2 623  
 2 623  
 (355) 
 -    
 -    
 2 268  
Fund of Funds programme – Microcredits 
 309  
 309  
 (29) 
 -    
 -    
 280  
Fund of Funds programme – Parallel loans 
 3 425  
 3 425  
 (1 907) 
 -    
 -    
 1 518  
Energy Efficiency Programme for Multi-apartment Buildings Loans 
 3 751  
 3 751  
 (14) 
 -    
 -    
 3 737  
Start-up State Aid Cumulation Lending Programme  
 1 994  
 1 994  
 (277) 
 -    
 (16) 
 1 701  
Other loans to start-ups  
 1 583  
 487  
 (91) 
 89  
 (254) 
 1 327  
Mezzanine Programme – Loans 
 3 148  
 2 518  
 (1 626) 
 -    
 -    
 1 522  
Guarantees and interest grants programme 
 4 184  
 4 184  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 4 184  
SME energy efficiency loans 
 1 723  
 1 723  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1 723  
Parallel loans 
 2 000  
 2 000  
 (114) 
 -    
 -    
 1 886  
Loans for enterprises in rural territories 
 6 304  
 599  
 (29) 
 -    
 -    
 6 275  
Parallel loans to large entrepreneurs 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Total loans 
 59 435 * 
 30 208  
 (5 693) 
 4 877  
 (12 112) 
 46 507  
Guarantees 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Fund of Funds programme - Guarantees  
 21 566  
 21 566  
 (8 591) 
 -    
 -    
 12 975  
Energy Efficiency Programme for Multi-apartment Buildings Guarantees 
 6 163  
 4 917  
 (1 007) 
 -    
 -    
 5 156  
Housing Guarantee Programme 
 14 005  
 14 005  
 (8 093) 
 -    
 -    
 5 912  
Guarantee Programme for Clients of State Aid Accumulation, Grace 
Period and Large Economic Operators 
 7 753  
 7 753  
 (1 225) 
 -    
 -    
 6 528  
Mezzanine Programme - Guarantees 
 1 363  
 1 090  
 (1 341) 
 -    
 -    
 22  
Portfolio Guarantee Fund 
 4 069  
 4 069  
 (1 235) 
 -    
 -    
 2 834  
Export guarantees  
 2 007  
 2 007  
 (292) 
 -    
 -    
 1 715  
Agricultural Guarantees 
 1 058  
 1 058  
 (352) 
 -    
 -    
 706  
Total guarantees 
 57 984  
 56 465  
 (22 136) 
 -    
 -    
 35 848  
Grants 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Energy Efficiency Programme for Multi-apartment Buildings Grants 
 25 567  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 25 567  
Social Entrepreneurship Programme  
 1 084  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1 084  
Grants for development of energy efficiency projects 
 341  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 341  
Total grants 
 26 992  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 26 992  
Venture Capital Funds 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Fund of Funds and venture capital funds 
 13 412  
 10 730  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 13 412  
Investment Fund Activity 
 2 812  
 2 375  
 -    
 -    
 (166) 
 2 646  
Baltic Innovation Fund 
 2 000  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2 000  
Baltic Innovation Fund II 
 833  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 833  
Total venture capital funds 
 19 057  
 13 105  
 -    
 -    
 (166) 
 18 891  
Other Activities 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Energy Efficiency Fund 
 492  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 492  
Regional Creative Industries Alliance  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Total other activities 
 492  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 492  
Total support programme funding 
 163 960 ** 
 99 778  
 (27 829) 
 4 877  
 (12 278) 
 128 730  
 
* Support programme funding includes funding that is planned to be reallocated to other support programmes. Funding is planned to be reallocated in 2020. 
** Support programme funding contains EUR 7,934 thousand allocated for management costs of the Group / Company to be compensated from support programme 
funding.

--- Page 442 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum” 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
40 
 
18 Support programme funding (cont’d) 
Based on the concluded programme implementation contracts, the funding received could be reduced by the outstanding 
principal amount of the loans classified as lost, non-repaid loan principal amount and / or disbursements of guarantee 
compensations. The Group / Company need not have to repay the reductions of funding to the funding provider. 
Movement in the Group’s / Company’s support programme funding in the 6 months of 2020, in thousands of euro: 
Financial Instrument / 
Programme 
Financing, 
net 
Financing 
received 
Reallo-
cated 
funding 
between 
program-
mes 
Compen-
sated 
grants 
Compen-
sated 
income 
and 
expense 
Revalua-
tion of 
liabilities 
Programmes’ 
income/ 
profit 
distri- 
bution 
Other 
changes 
Changes 
in provi- 
sions 
covered 
by risk 
coverage 
Financing, 
net 
 
31.12.2019. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
30.06.2020. 
Loans 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
ERDF II 
 7 026  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (211) 
 287  
 7 102  
ESF II 
 842  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (5) 
 24  
 861  
Microcredits of Swiss 
programme 
 5 434  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (8) 
 -    
 5 426  
ERDF I 
 569  
 -    
 (470) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2  
 101  
ESF I 
 280  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (6) 
 3  
 277  
Microcredits 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
ERDF II (second round) 
 5 585  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (23) 
 16  
 5 578  
Incubators (from ESF II) 
 80  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1  
 (1) 
 80  
ERAF II 2 Public fund 
 270  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 270  
Fund of Funds programme –
Start-up loans  
 2 268  
 -    
 11  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (9) 
 (116) 
 2 154  
Fund of Funds programme –
Microcredits 
 280  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (11) 
 (4) 
 265  
Fund of Funds programme –
Parallel loans 
 1 518  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (590) 
 928  
Energy Efficiency Programme 
for Multi-apartment Buildings 
– Loan Fund 
 3 737  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (47) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (29) 
 3 661  
Start-up State Aid 
Cumulation Lending 
Programme  
 1 701  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (101) 
 1 600  
Other loans to start-ups  
 1 327  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 5  
 1 332  
Mezzanine Programme –
Loans 
 1 522  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 149  
 (377) 
 (800) 
 494  
Guarantees and interest 
grants programme 
 4 184  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 50  
 -    
 4 234  
SME energy efficiency loans 
 1 723  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1 723  
Parallel loans 
 1 886  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (70) 
 1 816  
Loans for enterprises in rural 
territories 
 6 275  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (56) 
 6 219  
Parallel loans to large 
entrepreneurs 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Total loans 
 46 507  
 -    
 (459) 
 -    
 (47) 
 -    
 149  
 (599) 
 (1 430) 
 44 121  
Guarantees 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 -    
Fund of Funds programme -
Guarantees  
 12 975  
 -    
 5 000  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 362  
 336  
 469  
 19 142  
Energy Efficiency Programme 
for Multi-apartment Buildings 
- Guarantees 
 5 156  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (73) 
 -    
 81  
 -    
 21  
 5 185  
Housing Guarantee 
Programme 
 5 912  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (566) 
 5 346  
Guarantee Programme for 
Clients of State Aid 
Accumulation, Grace Period 
and Large Economic 
Operators 
 6 528  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (283) 
 6 245  
Mezzanine Programme -
Guarantees 
 22  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 59  
 -    
 360  
 441  
Portfolio Guarantee Fund 
 2 834  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (117) 
 2 717  
Export guarantees  
 1 715  
 -    
 470  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (28) 
 2 157  
Agricultural Guarantees 
 706  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (92) 
 614  
Total guarantees 
 35 848  
 -    
 5 470  
 -    
 (73) 
 -    
 502  
 336  
 (236) 
 41 847  
Grants 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Energy Efficiency Programme 
for Multi-apartment Buildings 
– Grants 
 25 567  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 25 567  
Social Entrepreneurship 
Programme  
 1 084  
 73  
 -    
 (371) 
 (73) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 713  
Grants for development of 
energy efficiency projects 
 341  
 -    
 -    
 (32) 
 (44) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 265  
Total grants 
 26 992  
 73  
 -    
 (403) 
 (117) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
  
 26 545

--- Page 443 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum” 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
41 
 
18 Support programme funding (cont’d) 
Movement in the Group’s / Company’s support programme funding in the 6 months of 2020, in thousands of euro: (cont’d) 
Financial Instrument / 
Programme 
Financing, 
net 
Finan- 
cing 
received 
Reallo-
cated 
funding 
between 
program-
mes 
Compen-
sated 
grants 
Compen-
sated 
income 
and 
expense 
Revalua-
tion of 
liabilities 
Programmes’ 
income / 
profit 
distri- 
bution 
Other 
changes 
Changes 
in provi- 
sions 
covered 
by risk 
coverage 
Financing, 
net 
 
31.12.2019. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
30.06.2020. 
Venture Capital Funds 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Fund of Funds and venture 
capital funds 
 13 412  
 23 311  
 (5 011) 
 -    
 (1 964) 
 (438) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 29 310  
Investment Fund Activity 
 2 646  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (494) 
 (1 598) 
 472  
 26  
 -    
 1 052  
Baltic Innovation Fund 
 2 000  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2 000  
Baltic Innovation Fund II 
 833  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 833  
Total venture capital funds 
 18 891  
 23 311  
 (5 011) 
 -    
 (2 458) 
 (2 036) 
 472  
 26  
 -    
 33 195  
Other Activities 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Energy Efficiency Fund 
 492  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (50) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
  
 442  
Regional Creative Industries 
Alliance  
 -    
 21  
 -    
 -    
 (21) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
  
 -    
Total other activities 
 492  
 21  
 -    
 -    
 (71) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 442  
Total support programme funding 
 128 730  
 23 405  
 -    
 (403) 
 (2 766) 
 (2 036) 
 1 123  
 (237) 
 (1 666) 
 146 150  
19 Provisions 
Breakdown of the Group’s / Company’s impairment allowances for financial guarantees and off-balance sheet items, in 
thousands of euro: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
Provisions for financial guarantees 
 31 570  
 30 606  
 31 570  
 30 606  
Group’s / Company’s share of provisions 
 10 233  
 9 294  
 10 233  
 9 294  
Provisions covered by risk coverage 
 21 337  
 21 312  
 21 337  
 21 312  
Provisions for loan commitments 
 853  
 458  
 853  
 458  
Group’s / Company’s share of provisions 
 528  
 132  
 528  
 132  
Provisions covered by risk coverage 
 325  
 326  
 325  
 326  
Provisions for grant commitments 
 11  
 12  
 11  
 12  
Group’s / Company’s share of provisions 
 11  
 12  
 11  
 12  
Provisions covered by risk coverage 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
Total provisions 
 32 434  
 31 076  
 32 434  
 31 076  
Group’s / Company’s share of provisions 
 10 772  
 9 438  
 10 772  
 9 438  
Provisions covered by risk coverage 
 21 662  
 21 638  
 21 662  
 21 638  
 
Movement in the Group’s / Company’s provisions for financial guarantees, in thousands of euro: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
01.01.2020.-
30.06.2020. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2019.-
30.06.2019. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2020.-
30.06.2020. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2019.-
30.06.2019. 
(unaudited) 
Provisions at the beginning of the period 
 30 606  
 24 144  
 30 606  
 24 144  
Increase in provisions (Note 10) 
 6 975  
 5 638  
 6 975  
 5 638  
Decrease in provisions (Note 10) 
 (5 520) 
 (2 457) 
 (5 520) 
 (2 457) 
Reclassification (Disbursed guarantee)  
 (491) 
 (1 615) 
 (491) 
 (1 615) 
Provisions at the end of the period ended 30 June (unaudited0 
 -    
 (1) 
 -    
 (1) 
Group’s / Company’s share of provisions 
 31 570  
 25 709  
 31 570  
 25 709  
Provisions covered by risk coverage 
 10 233  
 9 955  
 10 233  
 9 955  
Increase in provisions 
 21 337  
 15 754  
 21 337  
 15 754  
Decrease in provisions 
 -    
 10 114  
 -    
 10 114  
Reclassification (Disbursed guarantee)  
 -    
 (4 235) 
 -    
 (4 235) 
Currency change 
 -    
 (982) 
 -    
 (982) 
Provisions at the end of the period ended 31 December (audited) 
 -    
 30 606  
 -    
 30 606  
Group’s / Company’s share of provisions 
 -   
 9 294  
 -   
 9 294  
Provisions covered by risk coverage 
 -   
 21 312  
 -   
 21 312

--- Page 444 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum” 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
42 
 
20 Reserves 
Analysis of the Group’s reserves movements, in thousands of euro: 
Specifc reserves
 
Difference 
recognised in 
Group’s 
reorganisation 
reserve 
Reserve 
capital for 
Housing 
Guarantee 
Programme 
Reserve
capital for 
mitigating of 
impact of 
COVID-19 * 
General 
reserve 
capital 
Revaluation 
reserve of 
financial assets 
measured at 
fair value 
through other 
comprehensive 
income 
Reserves 
Reserves as of 31 December 2018 (audited) 
 (15 580) 
 11 807  
 -    
 11 738  
 3 597  
 11 562  
Decrease) in revaluation reserve of financial assets 
measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (274) 
 (274) 
Distribution of previous years profit  
 -    
 -  
 -    
 808  
 -    
 808  
Distribution of 2018 year profit of the Company  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 4 092  
 -    
 4 092  
Reserves as of 30 June 2019 (unaudited) 
 (15 580) 
 11 807  
 -    
 16 638  
 3 323  
 16 188  
Decrease) in revaluation reserve of financial 
assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (685) 
 (685) 
Increase of reserve capital  
 -    
 3 700  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 3 700  
Reserves as of 31 December 2019 (audited) 
 (15 580) 
 15 507  
 -    
 16 638  
 2 638  
 19 203  
Decrease) in revaluation reserve of financial 
assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (692) 
 (692) 
Increase of reserve capital  
 -    
 -    
 100 000  
 -    
 -    
 100 000  
Distribution of 2019 year profit of the Company  
 -    
 -  
 -    
 8 131  
 -    
 8 131  
Reserves as of 30 June 2020 (unaudited) 
 (15 580) 
 15 507  
 100 000  
 24 768  
 1 946  
 126 641  
 
Analysis of the Company’s reserves movements, in thousands of euro: 
Specifc reserves
 
Difference 
recognised in 
Group’s 
reorganisation 
reserve 
Reserve 
capital for 
Housing 
Guarantee 
Programme 
Reserve
capital for 
mitigating of 
impact of 
COVID-19 * 
General 
reserve 
capital 
Revaluation 
reserve of 
financial assets 
measured at 
fair value 
through other 
comprehensive 
income 
Reserves 
Reserves as of 31 December 2018 (audited) 
 (15 935) 
 11 807  
 -    
 11 738  
 3 597  
 11 207  
Decrease) in revaluation reserve of financial assets 
measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (274) 
 (274) 
Distribution of previous years profit  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 791  
 -    
 791  
Distribution of 2018 year profit of the Company  
 -    
 -  
 -    
 4 462  
 -    
 4 462  
Reserves as of 30 June 2019 (unaudited) 
 (15 935) 
 11 807  
 -    
 16 991  
 3 323  
 16 186  
Decrease) in revaluation reserve of financial 
assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (685) 
 (685) 
Increase of reserve capital  
 -    
 3 700  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 3 700  
Reserves as of 31 December 2019 (audited) 
 (15 935) 
 15 507  
 -    
 16 991  
 2 638  
 19 201  
Decrease) in revaluation reserve of financial 
assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (692) 
 (692) 
Increase of reserve capital  
 -    
 -    
 100 000  
 -    
 -    
 100 000  
Distribution of 2019 year profit of the Company  
 -    
 -  
 -    
 8 131  
 -    
 8 131  
Reserves as of 30 June 2020 (unaudited) 
 (15 935) 
 15 507  
 100 000  
 25 121  
 1 946  
 126 639  
 
Specific reserve capital for mitigation of impact of COVID-19” was increased by EUR 100 million in accordance with the 
decision of the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders of the Group of 6 April 2020, adopted on the basis of the 
Cabinet of Ministers Order No. of 25 March 2020. 122 “On the increase of the reserve capital”. An increase in the reserve 
capital is planned for: 
 EUR 50 million for the granting of support in the form of working capital to economic operators whose activities have 
been affected by the spread of Covid-19, in accordance with the Cabinet of Ministers Regulations No. 149 "Regulations 
on Working Capital Loans to Economic Operators Affected by the Spread of Covid-19",

--- Page 445 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum” 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
43 
 
20 Reserves (cont’d) 
 EUR 25 million to ensure the availability of guarantees for economic operators whose activities have been affected by 
the spread of the coronavirus disease Covid-19, in accordance with the Cabinet of Ministers Regulations No. 150 
"Provisions on guarantees for economic operators affected by the spread of Covid-19", 
 EUR 25 million to mitigate impact of the Covid-19 crisis through a portfolio guarantee program, in accordance with 
Cabinet Regulation No. 537 of 5 September 2017 “Regulations on Portfolio Guarantees for the Promotion of Lending to 
Small (Micro), Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises”. 
The funds included in the reserve capital will be used to cover the expected credit losses of the programs listed above. 
 
21 Off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
Contingent liabilities: 
  
  
  
  
Outstanding guarantees 
 321 987  
 284 232  
 321 987  
 284 232  
Financial commitments: 
  
  
  
  
Loan commitments 
 52 536  
 18 951  
 52 536  
 18 951  
Grant commitments 
 10 056  
 7 701  
 10 056  
 7 701  
Commitments to venture capital funds 
 73 848  
 70 497  
 86 273  
 83 968  
Total contingent liabilities 
 458 427  
 381 381  
 470 852  
 394 852  
 
Group’s / Company’s provisions for loan commitments, in thousands of euro: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
Unutilised loan facilities 
 52 536  
 18 951  
 52 536  
 18 951  
Impairment allowances 
 (853) 
 (458) 
 (853) 
 (458) 
Total unutilized loan facilities, net 
 51 683  
 18 493  
 51 683  
 18 493  
 
Group’s / Company’s provisions for grant commitments, in thousands of euro: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
Grant commitments 
 10 056  
 7 701  
 10 056  
 7 701  
Impairment allowances 
 (11) 
 (12) 
 (11) 
 (12) 
Total grant commitments, net 
 10 045  
 7 689  
 10 045  
 7 689  
 
Breakdown of the Group’s off-balance sheet assets and contingent liabilities by remaining contractual maturities as at 30 June 
2020, in thousands of euro: 
  
Up to 1 
month  
1 to 3 
months  
3 to 6 
months  
6 to 12 
months  
1 to 5 years 
Over 5 years 
and w/o 
maturity 
Total 
Contingent liabilities 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Outstanding guarantees 
 321 987  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 321 987  
Financial commitments 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Loan commitments 
 52 536  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 52 536  
Grant commitments 
 10 056  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 10 056  
Commitments to venture capital funds 
 628  
 1 883  
 2 511  
 7 533  
 45 047  
 16 246  
 73 848  
Total financial commitments 
 63 220  
 1 883  
 2 511  
 7 533  
 45 047  
 16 245  
 136 440  
Total contingent liabilities and financial 
commitments 
 385 207  
 1 883  
 2 511  
 7 533  
 45 047  
 16 245  
 458 427

--- Page 446 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum” 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
44 
 
21 Off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities 
(cont’d) 
Breakdown of the Group’s off-balance sheet assets and contingent liabilities by remaining contractual maturities as at 31 
December 2019, in thousands of euro: 
  
Up to 1 
month  
1 to 3 
months  
3 to 6 
months  
6 to 12 
months  
1 to 5 years 
Over 5 years 
and w/o 
maturity 
Total 
Contingent liabilities 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Outstanding guarantees 
 284 232  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 284 232  
Financial commitments 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Loan commitments 
 18 951  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 18 951  
Grant commitments 
 7 726  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 7 726  
Commitments to venture capital funds 
 600  
 1 798  
 2 397  
 7 190  
 43 003  
 15 509  
 70 497  
Total financial commitments 
 27 277  
 1 798  
 2 397  
 7 190  
 43 003  
 15 509  
 97 174  
Total contingent liabilities and financial 
commitments 
 311 509  
 1 798  
 2 397  
 7 190  
 43 003  
 15 509  
 381 406  
Breakdown of the Company’s off-balance sheet assets and contingent liabilities by remaining contractual maturities as at 30 
June 2020, in thousands of euro: 
  
Up to 1 
month  
1 to 3 
months  
3 to 6 
months  
6 to 12 
months  
1 to 5 years 
Over 5 years 
and w/o 
maturity 
Total 
Contingent liabilities 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Outstanding guarantees 
 321 987  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 321 987  
Financial commitments 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Loan commitments 
 52 536  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 52 536  
Grant commitments 
 10 056  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 10 056  
Commitments to venture capital funds 
 1 261  
 2 200  
 2 933  
 8 272  
 52 626  
 18 980  
 86 272  
Total financial commitments 
 63 853  
 2 200  
 2 933  
 8 272  
 52 626  
 18 980  
 148 864  
Total contingent liabilities and financial 
commitments 
 385 840  
 2 200  
 2 933  
 8 272  
 52 626  
 18 980  
 470 851  
Breakdown of the Company’s off-balance sheet assets and contingent liabilities by remaining contractual maturities as at 31 
December 2019, in thousands of euro: 
  
Up to 1 
month  
1 to 3 
months  
3 to 6 
months  
6 to 12 
months  
1 to 5 years 
Over 5 years 
and w/o 
maturity 
Total 
Contingent liabilities 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Outstanding guarantees 
 284 232  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 284 232  
Financial commitments 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Loan commitments 
 18 951  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 18 951  
Grant commitments 
 7 726  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 7 726  
Commitments to venture capital funds 
 714  
 2 141  
 2 855  
 8 565  
 51 220  
 18 473  
 83 968  
Total financial commitments 
 27 391  
 2 141  
 2 855  
 8 565  
 51 220  
 18 473  
 110 645  
Total contingent liabilities and financial 
commitments 
 311 623  
 2 141  
 2 855  
 8 565  
 51 220  
 18 473  
 394 877  
Subitem Commitments to venture capital funds are contingent liabilities, which are based on agreements between the Group 
/ Company and the venture capital fund which put an obligation on the Group / Company to allocate financial resources to 
the fund. 
22 Grants 
All amounts in thousands of euro 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
Energy Efficiency Programme for Multi-apartment Buildings 
 22 206  
 16 826  
 22 206  
 16 826  
Social Entrepreneurship Programme 
 510  
 371  
 510  
 371  
Grants for development of energy efficiency projects 
 4  
 1  
 4  
 1  
Total grants, gross 
 22 720  
 17 198  
 22 720  
 17 198  
Impairment allowances 
 (12) 
 (12) 
 (12) 
 (12) 
Total grants, net 
 22 708  
 17 186  
 22 708  
 17 186

--- Page 447 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum” 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
45 
 
22 Grants (cont’d) 
Movement in the Group’s / Company’s net book value of grants in the 6 months of 2020, in thousands of euro: 
 
Group 
Group 
Company 
Company 
 
01.01.2020.-
30.06.2020. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2019.-
30.06.2019. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2020.-
30.06.2020. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2019.-
30.06.2019. 
(unaudited) 
Grants 
  
  
  
  
At the beginning of period 
 17 198  
 -    
 17 198  
 -    
Changes 
 5 522  
 (8 754) 
 5 522  
 (8 754) 
Reclassification 
 -    
 22 575  
 -    
 22 575  
At the end of period ended 30 June (unaudited) 
 22 720  
 13 821  
 22 720  
 13 821  
Impairment provision  
  
  
  
  
At the beginning of period 
 12  
 14  
 12  
 14  
Changes 
 -    
 (2) 
 -    
 (2) 
At the end of period ended 30 June (unaudited) 
 12  
 12  
 12  
 12  
Grants net book at the beginning of the period 
 17 186  
 (14) 
 17 186  
 -    
Grants net book value at the end of the period ended 30 June (unaudited) 
 22 708  
 17 186  
 22 708  
 17 186  
 
23 Related party transactions 
Related parties are defined as members of the Supervisory Council and the Management Board of the Group/Company, 
their close family members, as well as companies under their control. In accordance with International Accounting Standard 
(IAS) 24 “Related Party Disclosures”, the key management personnel, directly or indirectly authorised and responsible for 
planning, management and control of the Group’s / Company’s operations are treated as related parties to the Group / 
Company. The powers granted to the heads of the structural units of the Group / Company do not entitle them to manage 
the operations of the Group / Company and decide on material transactions that could affect the Group’s / Company’s 
operations and/or result in legal consequences. 
The Group’s balances from transactions with related parties, including off-balance sheet financial liabilities, in thousands of 
euro: 
 
People with significant 
control (PSC) 
Transactions with 
shareholders 
Associates 
Other companies owned by 
the Group’s shareholders 
 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
Investments in venture 
capital funds – associates 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 50 255  
 51 410  
 -    
 -    
Due to general governments 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 5 552  
 5 565  
Support programme funding 
 -    
 -    
 147 728  
 128 480  
 -    
 -    
 35 317  
 35 480  
Off-balance sheet financial 
liabilities for venture capital 
funds 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 73 848  
 70 497  
 -    
 -    
 
The Company’s balances from transactions with related parties, including off-balance sheet financial liabilities, in thousands 
of euro: 
 
Transactions with 
shareholders 
Associates 
Other companies owned by 
the Group’s shareholders 
Investments in subsidiaries 
 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
Investments in venture 
capital funds – associates 
 -    
 -    
 50 255  
 51 410  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Investments in subsidiaries  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 4 315  
 3 812  
Due to general governments 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 5 552  
 5 565  
 -    
 -    
Support programme funding 
 147 728  
 128 480  
 -    
 -    
 35 317  
 35 480  
 -    
 -    
Off-balance sheet financial 
liabilities for venture capital 
funds 
 -    
 -    
 86 273  
 83 967  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 
The Company has entered into a number of transactions with other public authorities. The most significant were obtaining 
financing from the Investment and Development Agency of Latvia, Ministry of Finance, Ministry of Economics, Rural Support 
Service and Central Finance and Contracting Agency, which co-finance the development programmes of the Company.

--- Page 448 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum” 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
46 
 
23 Related party transactions (cont’d) 
The Group’s / Company’s transactions with related parties, in thousands of euro: 
 
Received State aid funding 
Issued State aid funding or funding 
paid back 
 
01.01.2020.-
30.06.2020. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2019.-
30.06.2019. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2020.-
30.06.2020. 
(unaudited) 
01.01.2019.-
30.06.2019. 
(unaudited) 
Transactions with shareholders 
  
  
  
  
Ministry of Finance of the Republic of Latvia 
 4 705  
 389  
 4 705  
 -    
Ministry of Economy of the Republic of Latvia 
 123 311  
 2 810  
 123 311  
 -    
Ministry of Wealth Fair of the Republic of Latvia 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Associates 
  
  
  
  
Venture capital funds 
 1 524  
 138  
 (636) 
 (553) 
Other companies owned by the Group’s shareholders 
  
  
  
  
Rural Support Service 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Central Finance and Contracting Agency of the Republic of Latvia 
 300  
 -    
 300  
 300  
 
In the reporting period, the remuneration of the members of the Supervisory Council, Audit Committee and the Management 
Board of the Company amounted to EUR 275 thousand (6 months of 2019: EUR 152 thousand), incl. social insurance 
contributions.. 
 
24 Fair values of assets and liabilities 
The fair values of the Group's financial assets and financial liabilities and their differences to their carrying amount are 
presented below, in thousands of euro: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carrying Amount 
Fair Value 
 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
Assets 
  
  
  
  
Due from credit institutions and the Treasury 
 279 354  
 181 199  
 279 356  
 181 198  
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss  
 4 845  
 4 217  
 4 845  
 4 217  
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income - investment 
securities 
 37 061  
 47 941  
 37 061  
 47 941  
Financial assets at amortised cost: 
  
  
  
  
Investment securities  
 479  
 478  
 1 142  
 1 140  
Individuals 
 262 143  
 220 129  
 256 208  
 216 113  
Companies 
 8 072  
 11 820  
 2 761  
 8 417  
Loans  
 254 071  
 208 309  
 253 447  
 207 696  
Grants 
 22 708  
 17 186  
 22 708  
 17 186  
Investments in venture capital funds – associates (investments in BIF) 
 15 431  
 13 851  
 15 431  
 13 851  
Investment properties 
 33 490  
 24 366  
 33 490  
 24 366  
Other assets 
 2 420  
 3 067  
 2 420  
 3 067  
Total assets 
 658 022  
 512 434  
 652 752  
 509 079  
Liabilities 
  
  
  
  
Due to credit institutions 
 25 202  
 29 542  
 25 202  
 29 542  
Due to general governments 
 90 964  
 86 272  
 90 964  
 86 272  
Financial liabilities at amortised cost - Issued debt securities 
 65 351  
 45 348  
 65 351  
 45 348  
Support programme funding 
 146 150  
 128 730  
 146 150  
 128 730  
Total liabilities 
 327 667  
 289 892  
 327 667  
 289 892

--- Page 449 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum” 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
47 
 
24 Fair values of assets and liabilities (cont’d) 
The fair values of the Company's financial assets and financial liabilities and their differences to their carrying amount are 
presented below, in thousands of euro: 
 
Carrying Amount 
Fair Value 
 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
Assets 
  
  
  
  
Due from credit institutions and the Treasury 
 279 354  
 181 047  
 279 356  
 181 046  
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income - investment 
securities 
 37 061  
 47 941  
 37 061  
 47 941  
Financial assets at amortised cost: 
  
  
  
  
Investment securities  
 479  
 478  
 1 133  
 1 140  
Individuals 
 262 143  
 220 129  
 256 208  
 216 113  
Companies 
               8 072  
 11 820  
               2 761  
 8 417  
Loans  
           254 071  
 208 309  
           253 447  
 207 696  
Grants 
 22 708  
 17 186  
 22 708  
 17 186  
Investments in venture capital funds – associates (investments in BIF) 
 15 431  
 13 851  
 15 431  
 13 851  
Investments in subsidiaries  
 4 315  
 3 812  
 4 315  
 3 812  
Investment properties 
 33 490  
 24 366  
 33 490  
 24 366  
Other assets 
 2 420  
 3 067  
 2 420  
 3 067  
Total assets 
 657 401  
 511 877  
 652 122  
 508 522  
Liabilities 
  
  
  
  
Due to credit institutions 
 25 202  
 29 542  
 25 202  
 29 542  
Due to general governments 
 90 964  
 86 272  
 90 964  
 86 272  
Financial liabilities at amortised cost - Issued debt securities 
 65 351  
 45 348  
 65 351  
 45 348  
Support programme funding 
 146 150  
 128 730  
 146 150  
 128 730  
Total liabilities 
 327 667  
 289 892  
 327 667  
 289 892  
 
The hierarchy of the Group’s financial assets and liabilities measured and disclosed at fair value, in thousands of euro: 
 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
Total 
 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
Assets measured at fair value 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 4 845  
 4 217  
 4 845  
 4 217  
Financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income - 
investment securities 
 24 142  
 35 021  
 12 919  
 12 920  
 -    
 -    
 37 061  
 47 941  
Investments in venture capital funds –
associates (investments in BIF) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 15 431  
 13 851  
 15 431  
 13 851  
Investment properties 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 33 490  
 24 366  
 33 490  
 24 366  
Assets with fair values disclosed 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due from credit institutions and the 
Treasury 
 -    
 -    
 279 356  
 181 198  
 -    
 -    
 279 356  
 181 198  
Financial assets at amortised cost: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Investment securities 
 -    
 -    
 1 142  
 1 140  
 -    
 -    
 1 142  
 1 140  
Loans  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 256 208  
 216 113  
 256 208  
 216 113  
Grants 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 22 708  
 17 186  
 22 708  
 17 186  
Other assets 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2 511  
 3 067  
 2 511  
 3 067  
Total assets  
 24 142  
 35 021  
 293 417  
 195 258  
 335 193  
 278 800  
 652 752  
 509 079  
Liabilities measured at fair value 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Support programme funding 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 146 150  
 128 730  
 146 150  
 128 730  
Liabilities with fair value disclosed 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due to credit institutions 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 25 202  
 29 542  
 25 202  
 29 542  
Due to general governments 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 90 964  
 86 272  
 90 964  
 86 272  
Financial liabilities at amortised cost -
Issued debt securities 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 65 351  
 45 348  
 65 351  
 45 348  
Total liabilities  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 327 667  
 289 892  
 327 667  
 289 892

--- Page 450 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum” 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
48 
 
24 Fair values of assets and liabilities (cont’d) 
The hierarchy of the Company’s financial assets and liabilities measured and disclosed at fair value, in thousands of euro: 
 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
Total 
 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
30.06.2020.
(unaudited) 
31.12.2019.
(audited) 
Assets measured at fair value 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income - 
investment securities 
 24 142  
 35 021  
 12 919  
 12 920  
 -    
 -    
 37 061  
 47 941  
Investments in subsidiaries  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 4 315  
 3 812  
 4 315  
 3 812  
Investments in venture capital funds –
associates (investments in BIF) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 15 431  
 13 851  
 15 431  
 13 851  
Investment properties 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 33 490  
 24 366  
 33 490  
 24 366  
Assets with fair values disclosed 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due from credit institutions and the
Treasury 
 -    
 -    
 279 356  
 181 046  
 -    
 -    
 279 356  
 181 046  
Financial assets at amortised cost: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Investment securities 
 -    
 -    
 1 133  
 1 140  
 -    
 -    
 1 133  
 1 140  
Loans  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 256 208  
 216 113  
 256 208  
 216 113  
Grants 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 22 708  
 17 186  
 22 708  
 17 186  
Other assets 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2 420  
 3 067  
 2 420  
 3 067  
Total assets  
 24 142  
 35 021  
 293 408  
 195 106  
 334 572  
 278 395  
 652 122  
 508 522  
Liabilities measured at fair value 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Support programme funding 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 146 150  
 128 730  
 146 150  
 128 730  
Liabilities with fair value disclosed 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Due to credit institutions 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 25 202  
 29 542  
 25 202  
 29 542  
Due to general governments 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 90 964  
 86 272  
 90 964  
 86 272  
Financial liabilities at amortised cost -
Issued debt securities 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 65 351  
 45 348  
 65 351  
 45 348  
Total liabilities  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 327 667  
 289 892  
 327 667  
 289 892  
(1) Assets 
Where possible, the fair value of securities is estimated on the basis of quoted market prices. For determining the fair value of 
other securities, the Management has applied the discounted cash flow method where the cash flow forecasts are based on 
assumptions and up-to-date market information available at the time of measurement. The fair value of loans with interest 
payable at fixed rates by specified dates was determined by applying the discounted cash flow method, whilst in regard to 
the fair value of loans with their basic interest rate tied to variable market rates, the Group / Company have assumed that the 
carrying amount of such loans corresponds to their fair value. 
(2) Liabilities 
The fair value of financial liabilities stated at amortised cost, for example, the fair value of balances due to credit institutions, 
is estimated using the discounted cash flow method and the interest rates applied to similar products at the end of the year. 
The fair value of financial liabilities (for example, balances due to credit institutions) repayable on demand or subject to a 
variable interest rate, approximately corresponds to their carrying amount. 
(3) Fair value hierarchy of financial assets and liabilities 
The Group / Company classify the fair value measurements based on the fair value hierarchy, reflecting the significance of 
the input data. The fair value hierarchy of the Group / Company has 3 levels: 
 Level 1 includes listed financial instruments for which an active market exists, if in determining their fair value the Group 
/ Company use unadjusted quoted market prices, obtained from a stock-exchange or reliable information systems; 
 Level 2 includes balances due from other credit institutions and the Treasury as well as financial instruments traded over 
the counter (OTC) and financial instruments having no active market or a declining active market whose fair value 
measurement are based to a significant extent on observable market inputs (e.g., rates applied to similar instruments, 
benchmark financial instruments, credit risk insurance transactions, etc.); 
 Level 3 includes financial instruments whose fair value measurements rely on observable market inputs requiring 
significant adjustment and have to be supported by unobservable market inputs, and financial instruments whose fair 
value measurements are based to a significant extent on data that cannot be observed on the active market and 
assumptions and estimates of the Group / Company that enable a credible measurement of the instrument’s value.

--- Page 451 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum” 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
49 
 
24 Fair values of assets and liabilities (cont’d) 
(4) Debt securities 
Debt securities are measured applying quoted prices or valuation techniques using observable or unobservable market inputs 
or combination of the two. The majority of investments in debt securities recognised at fair value are investments in Latvian 
treasury bills with a quoted price, but not traded on the active market. The Management has estimated that it is reasonable 
to presume the fair value of these securities to be equal to their quoted price. 
(5) Derivatives 
The derivatives, measured using valuation techniques which rely on observable market inputs, are mainly currency swaps and 
forwards. The most frequently applied valuation techniques include discounted cash flow calculations, where inputs include 
foreign exchange spot and forward rates as well as interest rate curves. 
(6) Investments in venture capital funds 
The Group / Company have a number of investments in venture capital funds. The Group’s / Company’s investments in 
venture capital funds are classified as Associates or Investments in subsidiaries. Associate is the entity over which the Group / 
Company has significant influence, but no control. Significant influence is the power to participate in the financial and 
operating policy decisions of the investee. Subsidiary is the entity controlled by the Group / Company. 
Investments in venture capital funds, except from investment in Baltic Innovation Fund, are measured using the equity method 
both at the Group and the Company level. Investments in Baltic Innovation Fund are measured at fair value through profit or 
loss statement. 
(7) Investment properties 
The fair value of the Group’s / Company’s investment property is determined based on reports of independent appraisers, 
who hold a recognised and relevant professional qualification, and who have had recent experience of the valuation of 
property in similar locations and of similar category. 
Investments in property are measured at fair value applying one or complex of the following three methods: (a) ,market 
approach, (b) income approach and (c) cost approach. 
The appropriate valuation method is selected depending on the nature of property and acquisition purpose. Investment 
property represents agricultural land, which average selling price per hectare is 2,5 thsd euro. 
(8) Assets held for sale 
Non-current assets or disposal groups classified as held for sale are measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair 
value less costs to sell. Non-current assets and disposal groups are classified as held for sale if their carrying amount is recovered 
through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use. This condition is regarded to be met only when the sale is highly 
probable and the asset or disposal group is available for immediate sale in its present condition. Management must be 
committed to the sale, and the sale transaction must be classified as a completed sale within one year from the date of 
classification. The fair value of assets held for sale is based on selling price of underling investment properties. 
25 Segment Information 
Taking into account constant increase in operational volumes of the Land Fund over the last 3 years as well as significance of 
portfolio of the Land Fund in the Altum’s financial and non-financial instrument portfolio, the Group’s management has 
allocated as a separate segment the Land Fund services starting from the 1st quarter of 2020. The comparatives for the 6 
months of 2019 for the Land Fund services have been reclassified accordingly following the new segmentation in order to 
ensure comparability of information, Thus the Group’s management considers that the Goup’s operations are performed in 6 
operational segments: 
 Loan service 
 Guarantee service, 
 Venture capital fund service, 
 Grant service, 
 Land Fund service, 
 Other services.

--- Page 452 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum” 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
50 
 
25 Segment Information (cont’d) 
Other services include transaction, which are connected to the repossessed assets, new state aid development as well as 
transactions, which cannot be attributed to state aid programmes. 
Segment information is prepared in a manner consistent with the internal management information provided to the chief 
operating decision maker. The chief operating decision maker is the person or group that allocates resources to and assesses 
the performance of the operating segments of an entity. The Management board of the Company is the chief operating 
decision maker. 
The Group doesn’t provide detailed information on the type of transaction since all the transactions are external. 
Analysis of the operating segments of the Group for the period from 1 January 2020 till 30 June 2020, in thousands of euro: 
 
Loan service 
Guarantee 
service 
Venture 
capital fund 
service 
Grant 
service 
Land Fund 
service 
Other 
services 
Total 
Interest income 
 5 402  
 1 274  
 17  
 -    
 598  
 2  
 7 293  
Interest expense 
 (728) 
 (16) 
 -    
 -    
 (230) 
 -    
 (974) 
Net interest income 
 4 675  
 1 257  
 17  
 -    
 368  
 2  
 6 319  
Income for implementation of state aid 
programmes 
 431  
 250  
 1 693  
 488  
 -    
 38  
 2 900  
Expenses to be compensated for 
implementation of state aid 
programmes 
 (53) 
 (199) 
 (1 676) 
 (488) 
 -    
 (54) 
 (2 470) 
Net income for implementation of state 
aid programmes 
 379  
 49  
 17  
 -    
 -    
 (15) 
 430  
Gains from debt securities and foreign 
exchange translation 
 1  
 2  
 -    
 -    
 (1) 
 -    
 2  
Share of (losses) of investment in joint 
venture and associate 
 -    
 -    
 (2 018) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (2 018) 
Share of gain of investment in joint 
venture and associate at fair value 
through profit or loss 
 -    
 -    
 2 018  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2 018  
Gains less losses from liabilities at fair 
value through profit or loss 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Other income 
 -    
 -    
 567  
 3  
 497  
 329  
 1 396  
Other expense 
 (132) 
 (23) 
 (2) 
 (15) 
 (159) 
 (32) 
 (363) 
Operating income / (loss) before 
operating expenses 
 4 923  
 1 285  
 599  
 (12) 
 705  
 284  
 7 784  
Staff costs  
 (1 798) 
 (419) 
 20  
 (326) 
 (134) 
 (128) 
 (2 785) 
Administrative expense 
 (503) 
 (146) 
 (22) 
 (168) 
 (35) 
 (39) 
 (913) 
Amortisation of intangible assets and 
depreciation of property, plant and 
equipment 
 (209) 
 (83) 
 (14) 
 (77) 
 (17) 
 (16) 
 (416) 
(Impairment) gain, net 
 (2 212) 
 (956) 
 -    
 -    
 238  
 (2) 
 (2 932) 
Profit or (loss) from assets held for sale 
revaluation 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Total segment profit/(loss) 
 201  
 (319) 
 583  
 (583) 
 757  
 99  
 738  
Financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Investments in venture capital funds -
associates  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Additions of property and equipment, 
intangible assets and investment 
property 
 426  
 122  
 22  
 181  
 9 186  
 30  
 9 967  
Total segment assets 
 363 468  
 111 309  
 95 710  
 31 594  
 63 554  
 35 332  
 700 967  
Total segment liabilities 
 180 027  
 73 302  
 32 191  
 28 360  
 53 574  
 744  
 368 198

--- Page 453 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum” 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
51 
 
25 Segment Information (cont’d) 
Analysis of the operating segments of the Group for the period from 1 January 2019 till 30 June 2019, in thousands of euro: 
 
Loan service 
Guarantee 
service 
Venture 
capital fund 
service 
Grant 
service 
Land Fund 
service 
Other 
services 
Total 
Interest income 
 5 143 
 1 130  
 56  
 -    
 323  
 -    
 6 652  
Interest expense 
 (999) 
 (88) 
 -    
 -    
 (86) 
 -    
 (1 173) 
Net interest income 
 4 144  
 1 042  
 56  
 -    
 237 
 -    
 5 479 
Income for implementation of state aid 
programmes 
 237 
 216 
 857 
 645  
 -    
 10 
 1 965 
Expenses to be compensated for 
implementation of state aid 
programmes 
 (46) 
 (215) 
 (887) 
 (556) 
 -    
 (24) 
 (1 728) 
Net income for implementation of state 
aid programmes 
 191    
 1    
 (30)    
 89    
 -    
 (14)   
 237    
Gains from debt securities and foreign 
exchange translation 
 39 
 46  
 9  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 94  
Share of (losses) of investment in joint 
venture and associate 
 -    
 -    
 (623) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (623) 
Share of gain of investment in joint 
venture and associate at fair value 
through profit or loss 
 -    
 -    
 623  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 623  
Gains less losses from liabilities at fair 
value through profit or loss 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Other income 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 271  
 154  
 425  
Other expense 
 (102) 
 (20) 
 (3) 
 (11) 
 (114) 
 (11) 
 (261) 
Operating income / (loss) before 
operating expenses 
 4 272  
 1 069  
 32  
 78 
 394  
 129  
 5 974  
Staff costs  
 (1 462) 
 (316) 
 (5) 
 (250) 
 (105) 
 (80) 
 (2 218) 
Administrative expense 
 (435) 
 (122) 
 (23) 
 (153) 
 (30) 
 (15) 
 (778) 
Amortisation of intangible assets and 
depreciation of property, plant and 
equipment 
 (194) 
 (74) 
 (15) 
 (81) 
 (10) 
 (8) 
 (382) 
(Impairment) gain, net 
 1 177 
 1 401  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2 578  
Profit or (loss) from assets held for sale 
revaluation 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Total segment profit/(loss) 
 3 358  
 1 958  
 (11) 
 (406) 
 249  
 26 
 5 174 
Financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss 
 -    
 -    
 1 968  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1 968  
Investments in venture capital funds -
associates  
 -    
 -    
 52 184  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 52 184  
Additions of property and equipment, 
intangible assets and investment 
property 
149 
 43 
 8  
 63  
 5 358 
 11 
 5 632  
Total segment assets 
271 901  
68 347  
 76 434  
 26 579 
 47 543 
26 430 
 517 234  
Total segment liabilities 
 133 971 
71 184 
 20 239  
24 876 
 39 868  
 554 
 290 692 
26 Events after the reporting date 
As of the last day of the reporting period until the date of signing these financial statements there have been no other events which 
could produce a material effect on the financial position of the Group / Company.

--- Page 454 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum” 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
52 
 
OTHER NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS  
 
Key financial and performance indicators 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
52 
Definitions of indicators 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
53

--- Page 455 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum” 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
53 
 
OTHER NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS 
KEY FINANCIAL AND PERFORMANCE INDICATORS 
 
2019 
(audited) 
2018 
(audited) 
2017 
(corrected) * 
2016 
(corrected) * 
2015 
(corrected) * 
Key financial data 
 
 
 
 
 
Net interest income (EUR ’000) ** 
11 569  
11 302**  
11 602  
11 024  
 16 419  
Profit for the period (EUR ’000) 
8 131  
4 092  
8 709*  
2 170  
 4 924  
Cos to income ratio (CIR) *** 
52.58% 
74.84%*** 
50.3%* 
88.40% 
55.80% 
Employees 
203  
222  
230  
242  
 282  
Total assets (EUR ’000) 
560 061  
495 939  
453 668*  
443 400*  
 406 918  
Tangible common equity (TCE) / Total tangible managed assets (TMA) **** 
29.40% 
31.70% 
35.1%* 
36.50% 
37.30% 
Equity and reserves (EUR ’000) 
232 738  
221 590  
222 848*  
210 406*  
 199 610  
Total risk coverage: (EUR ’000) 
87 456  
77 815  
67 593*  
66 508*  
 41 021  
Risk coverage reserve 
99 778  
85 276  
62 651  
63 636*  
 40 662  
Risk coverage reserve used for provisions  
(27 829) 
(19 268) 
(4 753) 
(4 323) 
 (1 276) 
Portfolio loss reserve (specific reserve capital) 
15 507  
11 807  
9 695  
7 195  
 1 635  
Liquidity ratio for 180 days ***** 
582% 
227% 
482%* 
449% 
352% 
Financial instruments (gross value) 
 
 
 
 
 
Outstanding (EUR ’000) (by financial instrument) 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans (excluding sales and leaseback transactions) 
225 144  
210 208  
207 065  
217 429  
218 562  
Guarantees 
284 232  
236 895  
182 376  
147 175  
131 120  
Venture capital funds 
68 331  
59 698  
62 299  
64 785  
44 378  
Land Fund, of which: 
39 634  
21 717  
11 328  
4 635  
991  
           - sales and leaseback transactions 
15 268  
6 923  
520  
- 
- 
           - investment properties 
24 366  
14 794  
10 808  
4 635  
991  
Total 
617 341  
528 518  
463 068  
434 024  
395 051  
Number of transactions 
22 437  
18 603  
14 655  
11 561  
8 940  
Volumes issued (EUR ’000) (by financial instrument) 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans (excluding sales and leaseback transactions) 
64 320  
59 608  
51 349  
59 465  
52 329  
Guarantees 
98 240  
88 765  
68 615  
56 109  
50 065  
Venture capital funds 
9 022  
4 149  
2 638  
21 356  
18 798  
Land Fund, of which: ****** 
16 384  
10 823  
6 359  
3 704  
991  
           -  sales and leaseback transactions 
7 239  
6 835  
520  
-    
-    
           - investment properties 
9 145  
3 988  
5 839  
3 704  
991  
Total 
187 966  
163 345  
128 961  
140 634  
122 183  
Number of transactions 
5 559  
5 590  
4 839  
4 537  
2 841  
Leverage for raised private funding 
142% 
162% 
185% 
162% 
104% 
Volume of support programmes funding per employee (EUR ’000) 
3 041  
2 381  
2 013  
1 793  
1 401  
Long-term rating assigned by Moody’s Investors Service 
Baa1  
Baa1  
Baa1  
-  
-  
 
* Due to change of accounting policy on investments in venture capital funds and adoption of IFRS 9 requirements that effects the accounting of public funding risk 
coverage the comparatives for 2017 and2016 have been restated. 
** Due to reclassification of fees and commission related to lending activities following the industry practise, excludes fees and commission not related to lending 
activities, the comparatives for 2018 have been reclassified with subsequent ratio recalculation.      
*** Due to reclassification of staff and administrative costs to be compensated as well as respective income on compensation, the comparatives for 2018 have been 
reclassified with subsequent ratio recalculation.      
**** TMA includes off-balance sheet item outstanding guarantees. 
***** Liquidity ratio calculation takes into account the previous experience and management estimate of expected amount and timing of guarantees claims 
****** Taking into account the significance of the volume, the Land Fund portfolio, which consists of sales and leaseback transactions and investment properties, is also 
presented in the outstanding volumes and in volumes issued in the period. Since according to the accounting principles and IFRS the sales and leaseback transactions 
are accounted for under the loans, the volume of loans presented in this table has been reduced for the volume of the sales and leaseback transactions as it is recorded 
under the Land Fund portfolio. The operational volumes for 3 months of 2019 have been adjusted accordingly.

--- Page 456 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum” 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
54 
 
Definitions of ratios  
Net income from interest, 
fees and commission 
“Net income from interest, fees and commission” is equal to the  item “Net interest income” in the Statement 
of Comprehensive Income. Until 2018 this ratio included the following items of the Statement of 
Comprehensive Income: “Net interest income” and “Net income from fees and commissions”. In 2019 
following the industry practise Fee and commission income from lending activities is reclassified to Interest 
income from “Net income from fees and commissions”. Subsequently the fee and commission income not 
related to lending activities is reclassified within Other income and as such is not included in this ratio. The item 
“Net income from fees and commissions” is not applicable in The Statement of Comprehensive Income any 
more. The comparatives have been reclassified accordingly.. ALTUM uses this indicator as the key financial 
metric for profitability by evaluating ALTUM Group’s net income amount generated by the portfolio of financial 
instruments and recognised in the Statement of Comprehensive income. ALTUM management measures and 
monitors the actual performance of this indicator on a quarterly basis compared to the approved level in 
ALTUM Group’s budget. 
Cost to income ratio (CIR) 
“Cost to income ratio” (CIR) is calculated by dividing the amount of “Staff costs”, “Administrative expense”, 
“Amortisation of intangible assets and depreciation of property, plant and equipment” by “Operating income 
before operating expenses” included in the Statement of Comprehensive Income. ALTUM uses CIR to evaluate 
the operational efficiency. This is one of the measures of operational efficiency which ALTUM management 
assesses on a quarterly basis in the management reports to evaluate the outputs from different operational 
activities and efficiency improving measures. 
Tangible common equity 
(TCE) / Tangible managed 
assets (TMA) 
“Tangible Common Equity” (TCE) is calculated by subtracting the revaluation reserve of available for sale 
investments from total equity. 
The amount of “Total managed assets” (TMA) is calculated by adding the guarantees shown as off-balance 
sheet items to the total assets of ALTUM Group taking into account provisions for these guarantees and 
subtracting “Deferred expense”, “Accrued income”, “Property, plant and equipment”, “Intangible assets”, 
“Other assets” and “Assets held for sale”.  
Data for the calculation of both indicators (TCE, TMA) are obtained from ALTUM Group’s Financial statements: 
Statement of Financial Position and Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity, notes - Off balance sheet 
items and contingent liabilities and Provisions. ALTUM uses the ratio “TCE/TMA” to evaluate ALTUM Group’s 
capital position adequacy and to measure ALTUM Group’s tangible common equity in terms of ALTUM Group’s 
tangible managed assets including the off-balance sheet item Guarantee portfolio. The Risk and Liquidity 
Management Committee of ALTUM monitors its level on a quarterly basis.  
Total risk coverage 
“Total Risk Coverage” is the net funding available for covering the expected credit losses of the State aid 
programmes implemented by ALTUM. “Total Risk Coverage” is calculated as the total of “Risk Coverage 
Reserve” and “Portfolio Loss Reserve” (Specific Capital Reserves) less “Risk Coverage Reserve Used for 
Provisions”. The expected losses are estimated before implementation of the respective State aid programme 
and part of the public funding received under respective State aid programme for coverage of expected 
losses on credit risk is transferred either to “Portfolio Loss Reserve” as ALTUM Group’s specific capital reserve or 
accounted separately as provisions for risk coverage under liabilities item “Risk Coverage Reserve”. “Portfolio 
Loss Reserve” (specific capital reserve) is disclosed in the Note on Reserves to the Financial statements of the 
ALTUM Group. “Risk Coverage Reserve” is disclosed in the Note on Support Programme Funding to the 
Financial statements of ALTUM Group. “Risk Coverage Reserve Used for Provisions” is the amount of “Risk 
Coverage Reserve” allocated to and used for provisioning for impairment loss on loan portfolio and 
guarantees which in its turn is disclosed in the Note on Loans and Note on Provisions to the Financial statements 
of ALTUM Group. 
“Total Risk Coverage” is key indicator to be used for assessment of ALTUM’s risk coverage on implemented 
programmes and long-term financial stability.  
180-day liquidity ratio 
“180-days-liquidity ratio” is calculated by dividing the amount of the balances “Due from other credit 
institutions and the Treasury” with a maturity of up to 1 month and “Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income and  Investment securities” by the amount of the total liabilities maturing within 6 
months and total financial commitments maturing within 6 months (off-balance sheet items). The data 
required for the calculation of the “180-days liquidity ratio” is disclosed in the following ALTUM Group’s Financial 
statements: Statement of Financial Position and notes – Maturity profile of assets and liabilities under the section 
of Risk Management, Off-balance sheet items and contingent liabilities. ALTUM uses the “180-days-liquidity 
ratio” to assess and monitor ALTUM Group’s ability to fulfil ALTUM Group’s contractual and/or contingent 
liabilities during 6 (six) month with the currently available liquidity resources. “180-days-liquidity ratio” helps to 
manage ALTUM Group’s liquidity risk in line with ALTUM Group’s/ALTUM’s funding management objectives and 
risk framework.  Risk and Liquidity Management Committee of ALTUM monitors its level on a quarterly basis. 
Total contribution to the 
economy, including the 
participation of the final 
recipients, by volumes 
issued in the period 
The 'total contribution to the economy, including the participation of the final recipients, by volumes issued in 
the period’ is calculated by adding to the volumes issued by ALTUM the financing provided by the private co-
financier and the project promoter.

--- Page 457 ---
AS “Attīstības Finanšu Institūcija Altum” 
Unaudited interim condensed report for the 6 months period ended 30 June 2020  
 
55 
 
Definition of ratios (cont’d) 
Leverage for raised private 
funding 
“Leverage for raised private funding” indicates the amount of additional private funds invested in a project in 
addition to ALTUM’s financing. “Leverage for raised private funding” is determined considering the financing 
invested by a private co-financier and a project’s implementer, which, on average, makes up to 50 per cent 
for loans, up to 70 per cent for guarantees and venture capital (except for housing loan guarantees’ 
programme for the first instalment with a ratio of 795 per cent) in addition to ALTUM’s funding. 
Employees 
Average number of employees in the period excluding members of the Council and the Audit Committee. 
Volume of support 
programmes funding per 
employee 
"Support programmes funding per employee" is calculated by dividing the gross value of the Financial 
Instruments Portfolio by the average number of employees during the period, excluding members of the 
Supervisory Council and the Audit Committee. 
Venture capital 
The Venture Capital Funds presented at their gross value.

--- Page 458 ---
ISSUER
Akciju sabiedrība “Attīstības finanšu institūcija Altum”
Doma laukums 4
Riga, LV-1050
Latvia
ARRANGER
Luminor Bank AS
Liivalaia 45
10145, Tallinn,
Estonia
DEALER
Luminor Bank AS
Liivalaia 45
10145, Tallinn,
Estonia
LEGAL ADVISER TO THE ARRANGER AND DEALER
COBALT
Marijas iela 13 k-2
Riga, LV-1050,
Latvia