--- Page 1 ---
IMPORTANT: You must read the following before continuing. The following applies to the Base 
Prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") following this page, and you are therefore required to read this 
carefully before reading, accessing or making any other use of the Base Prospectus. In accessing the 
Base Prospectus, you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions, including any 
modifications to them any time you receive any information from us as a result of such access. 
THE BASE PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED OTHER THAN AS 
PROVIDED BELOW AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER. 
THE BASE PROSPECTUS MAY ONLY BE DISTRIBUTED OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES 
TO PERSONS THAT ARE NOT U.S. PERSONS AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE 
U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED ("THE SECURITIES ACT"). ANY 
FORWARDING, DISTRIBUTION OR REPRODUCTION OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS IN 
WHOLE OR IN PART IS UNAUTHORISED. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE 
MAY RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS 
OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. 
NOTHING IN THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER TO SELL OR 
THE SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY ANY SECURITIES IN ANY JURISDICTION. 
THE SECURITIES DESCRIBED IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL 
NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR WITH ANY SECURITIES 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED 
STATES AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR 
FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS. 
Confirmation of your Representation: In order to be eligible to view the Base Prospectus or make an 
investment decision with respect to the securities described in the Base Prospectus, you must be a 
person other than a U.S. person (within the meaning of Regulation S under the Securities Act) who 
is outside the United States. By accepting the email and accessing the Base Prospectus, you shall be 
deemed to represent that you are not, and that any customer represented by you is not, a U.S. person; 
the electronic mail address that you have given to us and to which this e-mail has been delivered is 
not located in the U.S., its territories and possessions (including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, 
Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and the Northern Mariana Islands), any State of the United 
States or the District of Columbia; and that you consent to delivery of the Base Prospectus by 
electronic transmission. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors: The Notes described in the Base Prospectus (the "Notes") 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For 
these purposes, a "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of (i) a retail client as defined 
in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II") or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the 
"PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.  
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS: The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA")and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA which were relied on immediately before exit day to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK PRIIPs Regulation")for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore

--- Page 2 ---
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
You are reminded that the Base Prospectus has been delivered to you on the basis that you are a 
person into whose possession the Base Prospectus may be lawfully delivered in accordance with the 
laws of the jurisdiction in which you are located, and you may not, nor are you authorised to, deliver 
the Base Prospectus to any other person. 
Any materials relating to the potential offering do not constitute, and may not be used in connection 
with, an offer or solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law. If a 
jurisdiction requires that the potential offering be made by a licensed broker or dealer and any 
underwriter or any affiliate of any underwriter is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, any 
offering shall be deemed to be made by the underwriter or such affiliate on behalf of the Issuer in 
such jurisdiction. 
Under no circumstances shall the Base Prospectus constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an 
offer to buy any securities in any jurisdiction. The Base Prospectus may only be communicated to 
persons in the United Kingdom in circumstances where section 21(1) of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 does not apply. 
The Base Prospectus has been sent to you in an electronic form. You are reminded that documents 
transmitted via this medium may be altered or changed during the process of electronic transmission 
and consequently no responsibility whatsoever will be accepted in respect of any difference between 
the Base Prospectus distributed to you in electronic format and a hard copy version that may be 
made available to you.

--- Page 3 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
  
AKCINĖ BENDROVĖ ŠIAULIŲ BANKAS 
(a public limited liability company incorporated and existing under the laws of the Republic of Lithuania, 
company code 112025254) 
EUR 100,000,000 
Subordinated Note Programme 
Under this EUR 100,000,000 Euro Subordinated Note Programme (the "Programme"), described in this 
base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus" or the “Prospectus”), Akcinė bendrovė Šiaulių bankas (the 
"Bank", the "Company" or the "Issuer") may from time to time issue subordinated notes (the "Notes") 
denominated in Euro qualifying as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer.  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Bank of Lithuania (the "BoL"), which is the Lithuanian 
competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"), as a 
base prospectus issued in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation for the purpose of giving information 
with regard to the issue of Notes issued under the Programme described in this Base Prospectus during the 
period of twelve months after the date hereof. The BoL has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting 
the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Such an approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the 
quality of the Notes that are the subject of the Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment 
as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
Application(-s) will be made for the Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to listing on the 
bond list (the "Bond List") and to trading on the regulated market (the "Regulated Market") of Nasdaq 
Vilnius AB ("Nasdaq Vilnius"). The Regulated Market of Nasdaq Vilnius is a regulated market for the 
purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as amended, "MiFID II"). In order 
to execute admission of each separate Tranche of Notes to the Bond List of Nasdaq Vilnius as soon as 
possible following their placement to the investors. 
The Notes being offered and sold under this Base Prospectus will be registered within Lithuanian branch 
of Nasdaq CSD, SE ("Nasdaq CSD") (the merged central securities depository of Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia 
and Iceland). Noteholders will be able to hold the Notes through Nasdaq CSD participants, such as 
investment firms and custodian banks operating in Lithuania.  
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 (twelve) months after the date hereof. The obligation to supplement 
this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does 
not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Notes to be issued under the Programme may be rated by Moody's Investors Service ("Moody's"). 
Moody' is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"CRA Regulation").  
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act 1933 (as amended) (the 
“Securities Act”), or with any securities regulatory authority of any state of the United States. This Base 
Prospectus and/or the Final Terms are not to be distributed to the United States or in any other jurisdiction 
where it would be unlawful. The Notes may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred, directly 
or indirectly, within the United States or to, for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act (the “Regulation S”)), except to a person who is not a U.S. Person 
(as defined in Regulation S) in an offshore transaction pursuant to Regulation S. 
Taking into consideration that a minimum denomination per Note shall be EUR 100,000, under Articles 8 
and 16 of the Commission Delegated Regulation 2019/980 (the “Delegated Regulation”), this Base 
Prospectus has been prepared as a simplified prospectus and in accordance with Annex 7 (Registration 
document for wholesale non-equity securities) and Annex 15 (Securities note for wholesale non-equity 
securities) of the Delegated Regulation.

--- Page 4 ---
Investing in the Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that 
may affect the abilities of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk 
Factors" below. 
 
Arranger and Dealer 
Luminor Bank AS 
represented within the Republic of Lithuania by Luminor Bank AS Lithuanian branch 
 
Base Prospectus dated 13 June 2023

--- Page 5 ---
- i - 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms. 
To the best of the knowledge and belief of the Company, the information contained in this Prospectus is in 
accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus contains no omissions likely to affect its import.  
Final Terms 
Each Tranche of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes" (the "Conditions") as completed by a document specific to each such Tranche called 
final terms (the "Final Terms") as described under "Final Terms" below. In the event of any inconsistency 
between Terms and Conditions in this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final 
Terms shall prevail. 
Other relevant information 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any 
information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the subject 
of Final Terms, must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms.  
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealer named under "Subscription and Sale" below that this Base 
Prospectus contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale 
of the Notes) material; that such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not 
misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are 
honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not 
omit to state any material fact necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in 
the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) not misleading in any material 
respect; and that all proper enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. 
Any information sourced from third parties contained in this Base Prospectus has been accurately 
reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by that 
third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. 
Unauthorised information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or 
not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme 
or any information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given 
or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer or any Dealer.  
Neither the Dealer nor any of its respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any responsibility for the 
acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer) in connection with the 
issue and offering of the Notes. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the 
offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event 
reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial position or performance of 
the Issuer since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any 
time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the 
Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus

--- Page 6 ---
- ii - 
 
or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealer to inform themselves about and to 
observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes 
and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to 
the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". In particular, the Notes have not been and will not be registered 
under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) (the "Securities Act") or with any 
securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States that is subject 
to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons (see "Subscription and Sale"). 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealer or any of 
them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any 
Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own 
investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. The Dealer has not 
provided any financial or taxation advice in connection with the Programme or Notes issued thereunder. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", which means that the Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended ("MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, as amended ("Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the "PRIIPs Regulation") 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", which means that the Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA")and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA which were relied on 
immediately before exit day to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes will include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" and "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II or UK MiFIR is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593, as amended (the "MiFID 
Product Governance Rules"), Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise the Arranger (the Dealer) or any of its respective affiliates will not be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 7 ---
- iii - 
 
Programme limit 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will 
not exceed EUR 100,000,000.  
Certain definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are references to a 
Member State of the European Economic Area. 
References to "U.S.$", "U.S. dollars" or "dollars" are to United States dollars, references to "EUR", "€" 
or "euro" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction 
of the euro, as amended. 
Language 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
Ratings 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, 
the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating 
applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued by a credit rating agency established 
in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation, or (2) issued by a credit rating agency which is not 
established in the EEA but will be endorsed by a CRA which is established in the EEA and registered under 
the CRA Regulation or (3) issued by a credit rating agency which is not established in the EEA but which 
is certified under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. In general, European Union 
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by 
a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the CRA Regulation. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price 
of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may 
not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate 
public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may 
cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 8 ---
- iv - 
 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
References in this Base Prospectus to the financial statements for 2022 and 2021 of the Issuer and of the 
Group are to the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 
2022 and 31 December 2021, references in this Base Prospectus to the financial statements for 3-month 
period, ended 31 March 2023 are to the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the 3-month 
period, ended 31 March 2023, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Such financial statements 
have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the 
European Union (“IFRS”). 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as 
totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
Alternative Performance Measures 
This Base Prospectus contains certain financial measures that are not defined or recognised under IFRS and 
which are considered to be “alternative performance measures” as defined in the “ESMA Guidelines on 
Alternative Performance Measures” issued by the European Securities and Markets Authority on 5 October 
2015 (the “Alternative Performance Measures” or “APMs”). Such APMs are described in detail in "Key 
Financial Ratios and Alternative Performance Measures of the Issuer".

--- Page 9 ---
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ...................................................................................................................................... i 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION....................................................................................... iv 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................................................................ 1 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................................. 5 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ................................................................................... 24 
FINAL TERMS AND INFORMATION ............................................................................................................ 25 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SUBORDINATED NOTES......................................................................... 26 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF SUBORDINATED NOTES ............................................................................ 46 
HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE ISSUER .................................................................... 52 
KEY FINANCIAL RATIOS AND ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES OF THE ISSUER....... 59 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................................... 63 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ..................................................................................................................... 64 
MARKET ENVIRONMENT ............................................................................................................................. 94 
TAXATION ........................................................................................................................................................ 96 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................... 98 
GENERAL INFORMATION ........................................................................................................................... 100

--- Page 10 ---
- 1 - 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. This overview must be read as an introduction to this Base 
Prospectus and any decision to invest in the Notes should be based on a consideration of the Base Prospectus 
as a whole and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable 
Final Terms. 
The overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1)(b) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended.  
Issuer: 
Akcinė bendrovė Šiaulių bankas 
Programme Approval: 
The Programme was approved by the decision of the Management 
Board on 13 June 2023 
Programme Amount: 
Up to €100,000,000 aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding 
at any one time 
Arranger: 
Luminor Bank AS, represented within the Republic of Lithuania by 
Luminor Bank AS Lithuanian branch (the "Arranger") 
Description: 
Subordinated Note Programme 
Dealer: 
Luminor Bank AS, represented within the Republic of Lithuania by 
Luminor Bank AS Lithuanian branch (the "Dealer") 
Currency: 
The Notes will be denominated in Euros 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or 
more Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each 
Series will all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue date 
and the amount of the first payment of interest may be different in 
respect of different Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche will all be 
subject to identical terms in all respects save that a Tranche may 
comprise Notes of different denominations. 
Denominations: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (subject to compliance 
with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements), save that the minimum denomination of each Note will 
be €100,000 and (if so decided) integral multiples of EUR 1,000 in 
excess thereof. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Listing and Trading: 
Application(-s) will be made for Notes issued under the Programme 
to be admitted during the period of twelve months after the date hereof 
to listing on the Bond List and to trading on the Regulated Market of 
Nasdaq Vilnius.  
Nevertheless, in order to execute admission of each separate Tranche 
of Notes to the Bond List of Nasdaq Vilnius as soon as possible 
following their placement to the investors but not later than in one 
month, and in order to execute admission of each separate Series of 
Notes to the Bond List of Nasdaq Vilnius – in three months following 
their placement.

--- Page 11 ---
- 2 - 
 
Status of the Notes: 
Notes under the Programme will be issued as subordinated Notes 
only.  
The rights of the Noteholders shall be subject to any present or future 
Lithuanian laws or regulations relating to the insolvency, recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms in Lithuania 
which are or will be applicable to the Notes only as a result of the 
operation of such laws or regulations. 
The Notes that qualify as Tier 2 Capital constitute direct, subordinated 
and unsecured and unguaranteed obligations of the Issuer which will 
at all times rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. 
The Notes that do not qualify as Tier 2 Capital constitute direct, 
subordinated and unsecured and unguaranteed obligations of the 
Issuer which will at all times rank pari passu without any preference 
among themselves. 
In the event of the winding-up, insolvency or bankruptcy of the Issuer, 
the rights and claims (if any) of the Noteholders of the Notes to 
payments of the outstanding principal amount and any other amounts 
in respect of the Notes (including any accrued but unpaid interest 
amount or damages or other payments awarded for breach of any 
obligations under the Conditions (if payable)) shall: 
(i) 
be subordinated to the claims of all Senior Creditors; 
(ii) 
rank at least pari passu with the claims of all 
subordinated creditors of the Issuer which in each case 
by law or by their terms are expressed to rank (to the 
extent such ranking is recognised by applicable law), 
pari passu with the Notes; and 
(iii) 
rank senior to any obligations of the Issuer which in each 
case by law rank, or by their terms are expressed to rank 
(to the extent such ranking is recognised by applicable 
law), junior to the Notes. 
Waiver of Set-Off 
No Noteholder of  the Notes shall be entitled to exercise any right of 
set off or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect 
of such  Notes. 
Final Terms: 
The Notes issued under the Programme will be issued pursuant to this 
Base Prospectus and associated Final Terms. The terms and 
conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of the Notes will be 
the Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
Issue Price: 
The Notes may be issued at any price (at nominal amount or at a 
discount or a premium to their nominal amount). The price and 
amount of each Tranche of the Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market 
conditions and established in the relevant Final Terms. 
Interest: 
The Notes will be interest bearing and subject to Reset Note 
provisions as provided in Condition 5(c) (Reset Note Provisions). 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes shall be issued in dematerialized form and book-entered 
with Nasdaq CSD. According to the Law on Markets in Financial 
Instruments of the Republic of Lithuania the book-entry and 
accounting of the dematerialized securities in the Republic of 
Lithuania, which will be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market

--- Page 12 ---
- 3 - 
 
(Nasdaq Vilnius), shall be made by Nasdaq CSD. Entity to be in 
charge of keeping the records will be the Issuer. The Notes shall be 
valid from the date of their registration until the date of their 
redemption. No physical certificates will be issued to the Investors. 
Principal and interest accrued will be credited to the Noteholders’ 
accounts through Nasdaq CSD. 
Redemption: 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes 
will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount (as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) on the Maturity Date. 
Optional Redemption: 
Before the Maturity Date (as described in Condition 6(c) (Redemption 
and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Issuer)) in whole or 
in part at any time after 5 years have passed from the Issue Date of the 
Note at their outstanding principal amount together with interest 
accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption as described in 
Condition 6(c) the Issuer’s giving not less than 30 (thirty) nor more 
than 60 (sixty) days' notice to the Noteholders. No redemption at the 
option of the Noteholders is permitted for the Notes. 
Early Redemption: 
Upon the occurrence of a Tax Event or a Withholding Tax Event, the 
Issuer (subject to Condition 6(i) (Conditions to Redemption or 
Repurchase) may, at its option, redeem the Notes in whole but not in 
part at any time at their principal amount, together with interest 
accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption as described in 
Condition 6(b) (Redemption for tax reasons). Early redemption will 
otherwise be permitted only to the extent specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
 
Upon the occurrence of a Capital Event or MREL Disqualification 
Event following the MREL Disqualification Event Effective Date, the 
Issuer (subject to Condition 6(i) (Conditions to Redemption or 
Repurchase) may, at its option, redeem all (but not some only) of the 
Notes at their outstanding aggregate principal amount together with 
interest (accrued to but excluding the date of redemption) as described 
in Condition 6(e) (Early Redemption of Notes as a result of a Capital 
Event) or Condition 6(f) (Early Redemption of Notes as a result of a 
Capital Event). 
 
There are additional restrictions on the early redemption of the Notes, 
as mentioned in Condition 6(i) (Conditions to Redemption or 
Repurchase). 
Substitution and Variation: 
The Issuer may substitute or vary the terms of all (but not some only) 
of the  Notes as provided in Condition 14 (Substitution and Variation) 
(including 
changing 
the governing 
law 
of 
Condition 
16 
(Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers)) without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders. 
Taxation: 
All interest payments in the case of the Notes by or on behalf of the 
Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Republic 
of Lithuania or any political subdivision therein or any authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or 
deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges 
is required by law. In that event, in respect of interest, the Issuer shall 
pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the 
Noteholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as 
would have been received by them had no such withholding or

--- Page 13 ---
- 4 - 
 
deduction been required, subject to certain exceptions as described in 
Condition 8 (Taxation). 
Events of Default and Cross 
Acceleration: 
The  Notes provide for events of default in certain circumstances, but 
do not contain a cross-default or cross-acceleration provision. 
Clearing Systems: 
The Lithuanian branch of Nasdaq CSD, SE ("Nasdaq CSD") (the 
merged central securities depository of Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia and 
Iceland). 
Risk Factors: 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. 
The principal risk factors that may affect the ability of the Issuer to 
fulfil its respective obligations under the Notes are discussed under 
"Risk Factors" below. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes shall be governed by Lithuanian law.  
Ratings: 
The Notes issued under the Programme may be rated by Moody's 
Investors Service ("Moody's"). Moody's is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"CRA Regulation").  
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries 
of the Notes and on the distribution of offering material in the United 
States of America, the European Economic Area, the United 
Kingdom, Japan and the Republic of Italy, see "Subscription and 
Sale" below.

--- Page 14 ---
- 5 - 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in the Notes, prospective 
investors should carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in the Notes, the business 
of the Issuer and the industry(-ies) in which it operates together with all other information contained in this 
Base Prospectus, including, in particular the risk factors described below. Words and expressions defined 
in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same 
meanings in this section. 
The following is not an exhaustive list or explanation of all risks which investors may face when making an 
investment in the Notes and should be used as guidance only. The below disclosure of risks only includes 
the risks the Issuer deems specific to the Issuer and to the Notes within the Programme, and which the 
Issuer believes to be the most essential for taking an informed investment decision. Additional risks and 
uncertainties relating to the Issuer that are not currently known to the Issuer, or that are currently deemed 
immaterial, may individually or cumulatively also have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, 
results of operations and/or financial position of the Issuer and, if any such risk should occur, the price of 
the Notes may decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment. Investors should consider 
carefully whether an investment in the Notes is suitable for them in light of the information in this Base 
Prospectus and their personal circumstances. 
The risk factors below are presented in categories depending on their nature. In each category the most 
material risk factors are mentioned first according to the assessment of the materiality of the risk factors 
concerned. Unless otherwise specified, the risks relating to the Issuer as discussed in this section below, 
apply to the Issuer together with its branches and subsidiaries operating in Lithuania. 
General geopolitical risks 
Risks associated with the geopolitical conditions impacting Lithuania 
Each of the Issuer’s operating segments is affected by general geopolitical conditions. Political stability is 
one of the key supports for Lithuanian economy. Political uncertainty in regions which are important for 
the global and especially for the European Union economy can at large be expected to have a negative 
effect on the general economic situation and financial market conditions also in Lithuania. 
The current geopolitical situation in Russia and Belarus, including sanctions and embargos, poses an 
economic risk to the Baltic region.  On 23 February 2022, Russia initiated military operations in Ukraine.  
The United States, the United Kingdom and the EU have implemented substantial economic sanctions 
against Russia, which have material impacts on energy prices, energy supply, and potentially the 
functioning of the banking system in Europe. These effects, in turn, may lead to changes in economic or 
regulatory policy. Potential escalations of the conflict and new sanctions, adding to the already elevated 
price pressures, negatively affected economic activity. Any such policy changes or negative impact on 
economic activity in Lithuania, or in the countries where its customers and counterparties operate, could 
have a direct negative impact on the Issuer's strategy, its growth potential, its fees and commissions, and 
profit margins and, consequently, could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition 
and results of operations. The Issuer is closely monitoring the situation and its direct and indirect impacts. 
Effects, which come from the impacts to the economy as a whole (energy prices, global economic 
slowdown), might potentially have the largest adversely effect on customers’ ability to service the loans 
and on cost for funding resources. Issuer uses stress testing scenarios to assess such potential impacts. The 
severity of this risk is judged as high even though Issuer’s exposures to Russian, Ukrainian and Belarus 
counterparties are low (direct credit exposure is below EUR 0.1 million and indirect credit exposure 
affected by second order effect comprise less than 5% of total Issuer’s loan portfolio) due to uncertainties 
of the future knock-on effects of this conflict on its risk management framework. 
Lithuania is dependent on foreign investment which may not continue to flow in at the current rate. As a 
result, the future economic development and market conditions may significantly worsen and amplify the 
impact of risk factors set out in this section. 
In addition to economic and financial effects, and other political events, as well as protectionist tendencies 
to reduce European Union co-operation, may bring further political, legal and regulatory uncertainty. Such

--- Page 15 ---
- 6 - 
 
uncertainty and consequential market disruption may also cause investment decisions to be delayed, reduce 
job security, and damage consumer confidence. 
All of the foregoing factors could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
Although the Issuer constantly monitors developments on both domestic and international markets, it is not 
possible to forecast the timing or extent of changes in the economic or political environment. Noteholders 
should be aware that the events described above could have an adverse impact on the interests of the 
Noteholders including the payment of interest and repayment of principal on the Notes. 
General business risks 
Real estate market risk 
As a part of Group’s business activities, the Group finances entities operating in Lithuanian real estate 
sector. As of 31 December 2022, credit exposure to entities operating in real estate and rent and in 
construction sectors accounted to 19% (as of 31 December 2021 17.4%) of total gross loans provided by 
the Group before taking into account collateral held. In addition to that, the Group uses real estate as a main 
type of collateral securing both corporate and individual loans provided. As of 31 December 2022, real 
estate with the fair value of EUR 4,039 million (as of 31 December 2021 EUR 3,346 million) was used as 
a collateral for loans provided. Potential negative development of Lithuanian real estate market could have 
a negative impact on both real estate market prices and transaction volume. Such decreases in prices and 
volumes could have an adverse effect on Group’s debtors operating in real estate sector and could degrade 
the value and liquidity of real estate used by the Group as a collateral which in turn could have negative 
effect on the Group’s financial position. In 2022 new risk factor in real estate/construction sector appeared 
– increase of prices of raw materials raised some concerns regarding the borrowers that have previously 
signed fixed-price contracts. Monitoring of borrowers in mentioned sectors has increased; so far, no 
material impact is foreseen, but if the situation escalates further, this could adversely affect the ability of 
such borrowers to service the loans and the financial position of the Group respectively. 
Interest rate risk 
Interest rate risk is the risk of loss or reduction of future net income following changes in interest rates, 
including the price risk connected to the sale of assets or closing of positions. In the normal course of 
business, the interest rate risk arises due to timing differences in the maturity (for fixed rate) and repricing 
(for floating rate) of the Issuer's assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet items. 
Due to differences between the Issuer's borrowing and deposits interest rates, the Issuer may face 
considerable interest rate risk, as changes in interest rates, yield curves and credit margins can affect the 
interest rate margin realised between borrowing and deposits. Changes in interest rates can also affect the 
Issuer as such changes can have a disproportionate or unexpected impact on the return on interest-bearing 
assets or the cost of interest-bearing liabilities, or otherwise have a negative effect on the Issuer's financing 
costs. An increase in interest rates can also affect demand for housing loans and other loan products as 
customers incur increased loan costs. The Issuer is also exposed to the risk that the fair value of instruments 
in its liquidity portfolio may be affected due to changes in credit spreads. 
The operations of the Group are inherently exposed to interest rate risk. The amount of net interest income 
earned by the Group materially affects the revenues and the profitability of the operations of the Group – 
during the financial year ended 31 December 2022 net interest income accounted to 74.8% of the Groups 
total operating income (63.4% during the financial year ended 31 December 2021). Interest rates are 
affected by numerous factors beyond the control of the Group, which may be not estimated adequately. 
Such factors include the changes in the overall economic environment, level of inflation, that in turn could 
influence ECB monetary policy decisions, which can lead to the interest rate fluctuations.  
It is difficult to anticipate changes in the market situation and to predict the impact that these changes could 
have. In order to reduce the volatility in net interest income, the Issuer limits structural interest rate risk 
with asset and liability management principles and interest rate risk management activities. A material 
change in interest rates and the Issuer’s inability to maintain interest rate margins may result in lower net 
income and could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of 
operations of the Issuer.

--- Page 16 ---
- 7 - 
 
Despite the fact that the management of the Issuer uses adequate interest rate risk management methods 
and tools, due to the unforeseen fluctuations of market interest rates there may be a mismatch between the 
interest income earned from the lending and crediting operations of the Group and the interest costs paid 
on the interest-bearing liabilities, which may have material adverse effect on the Group’s operations, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
Securities risk 
Securities risk is the risk to incur losses from the investment in securities. The Group has a substantial 
securities portfolio – as of 31 December 2022, securities portfolio accounted for 25.9% of Group’s assets 
(20.1% as of 31 December 2021). The investment grade debt securities make up the largest part of the 
Group’s securities portfolio (96.0% as of 31 December 2022 and 97.3% as of 31 December 2021). Largest 
share of the securities portfolio serves as a secondary liquidity reserve. The Group uses internal risk limit 
system that combines various maturity/rating, geographical region, value at risk, capital requirements, 
issuer, portfolio limits to manage securities risk. However, certain geopolitical, economic or other factors 
may lead to a situation when the unforeseen market fluctuations or disappearance of the active market for 
securities may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s liquidity, financial condition and results of 
operations. If necessary, the Issuer prefers to raise liquid funds from debt securities portfolio, through 
operations of monetary policy of the ECB, by pledging eligible securities. 
Technological innovation related risk 
In recent years the banking industry has been a focus of a number of digital technology-based business 
initiatives and business ventures (“fintechs”) which aim to transform the banking business model and 
compete with conventional banking institutions. A risk exists that new technology-based market players 
could enter the market of banking services, thus significantly changing competitive landscape of the 
industry raising the industry standards in terms of digital channel presence. Such changes could have an 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s business operations and profitability position in the medium to long term. 
This risk is material specifically for the Issuer as:  
• 
the main provider of the information system IS Forpost, used by the Issuer, may not be able to 
sustain competition from other market participants due to decrease of subjects, using the 
system; 
• 
some of the systems, developed partially by the Issuer itself (e.g., trade and accounting of the 
securities) do not have reliable maintenance. 
Foreign currency risk 
Foreign currency risk arises primarily from the acquisition of securities denominated in foreign currencies 
or from foreign currency receivables and liabilities. Foreign exchange rates may be affected by complex 
political and economic factors, including relative rates of inflation, interest rate levels, the balance of 
payments between countries, the extent of any governmental surplus or deficit, and from the monetary, 
fiscal and trade policies pursued by the governments of the relevant currencies. Devaluation, depreciation 
or appreciation of foreign currency may have significant adverse effect on the value of the Group’s assets 
denominated in foreign currency or increase the euro value of the Group’s foreign currency liabilities. The 
Group’s foreign currency risk management is based on monitoring the risk exposure against the limits 
established for single open currency position. Positions are monitored on a daily basis and the risk 
management policy is focused on maintaining substantially closed foreign exchange positions. The Group 
also calculates Overall net open position (ONOP), which is the higher of the total short or total long 
positions. As of 31 December 2022, the Group’s ONOP was equal to 0.07% of Group’s capital (0.08% as 
of 31 December 2021). However, situations may arise in which internal risk management procedures might 
turn out to be inadequate and adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates could result in material 
adverse effect on the Group’s financial situation and business results. 
Climate related and environmental risk 
The Issuer is mostly exposed to transitional risk related to impact on Issuer's loan portfolio:  
• 
financial loss which may result, directly or indirectly, from the process of adjustment towards a 
lower-carbon and more environmentally sustainable economy, e.g., adoption of climate and

--- Page 17 ---
- 8 - 
 
environmental policies, technological progress or changes in market sentiment and preferences 
could impact the ability of Group’s borrowers especially in SME sector to service the loans; 
• 
income sensitivity from climate-relevant sectors which could have negative impact on commission 
income in the long term. 
The Issuer has constructed the relevant metrics for monitoring this risk and is continuously upgrading its 
risk management. 
Risk factors, specific to banking activities of the Issuer 
Risks associated with credit portfolio 
This risk is the risk of potential loss which may arise from counterparty’s inability to meet its obligations 
to the Group. The risk affects cash and cash equivalents held with third parties (such as deposits with banks 
and other financial institutions), bonds, derivatives, but mostly credit exposures to customers, including 
outstanding loans as well as other receivables and commitments. Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk 
before collateral held or other credit enhancements amounted to EUR 4.584 billion as of 31 December 2022 
and EUR 4.277 billion as of 31 December 2021.  
Third order effects, which come from Russia-Ukraine war as the impacts to the whole economy (energy 
prices, global economic slowdown), might potentially have the largest adversely effect on customers’ 
ability to service the loans and on cost for funding resources. The Issuer is closely monitoring the situation 
related Russia-Ukraine war and its direct and indirect impacts:  The Issuer’s direct credit exposure to 
Russian, Ukrainian and Belarus counterparties is below EUR 0.1 million. The Issuer has assessed its 
indirect exposure to credit portfolio for the second order effects (i.e. Lithuanian counterparties with supply, 
sales or ownership ties with Russia, Ukraine and Belarus) and found out that the overall second order effect 
is limited – customers with the risk assessed as medium or above comprise less than 5% of total Issuer’s 
loan portfolio. Monitoring has been increased for those customers that according to the assessment could 
have potential adverse effects. Issuer uses stress testing scenarios to assess such potential impacts. The 
severity of this risk is judged as high even though Issuer’s direct and indirect exposures are low due to 
uncertainties of the future knock-on effects of this war on Issuer’s risk management framework. 
There is no full clarity regarding further development scenarios of Russia-Ukraine war,  and uncertainties 
regarding further global, country and sector development, growing interbank lending rates trends, therefore 
there is a significant probability that some of the Group’s customers will have disruptions in their cash 
flows and will be unable to meet their obligations by original payment schedules and the Group might incur 
additional credit losses. A major scale deterioration in credit risk could have a material impact on Group’s 
capital levels and lead to insufficiency of capital, which could lead to a failure of the respective Group 
Company to meet its obligations to its creditors. 
 
Loan portfolio concentration risk 
The operations of the Group are subject to loan portfolio concentration risk, which by essence is a risk 
arising from the overall spread of outstanding accounts over the number and variety of clients. As of 31 
December 2022, largest exposure amounted to 11.94% of regulatory CET1 capital (31 December 2021: 
10.48% of CET1), while the limit is <25%. As of 31 December 2022, the top 3 industries with largest 
exposure were Real Estate with 26%, Administrative and Support Services with 15% and Manufacturing 
with 13%, share of the total gross corporate non-financial loans value provided by the Group. The above 
concentration risk may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s operations, financial condition and 
results of operations. If the concentrations are mismanaged, severely adverse credit situation in a segment 
where the Group has excessive concentration could have a material impact on Group’s capital levels and 
lead to a failure of the respective Group Company to meet its obligations to its creditors.  
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk refers to the availability of sufficient funds to meet deposit withdrawals and other financial 
commitments related to financial instruments as they actually fall due. If an institution has insufficient 
liquidity, it may be unable to meet its obligations to its creditors. As of 31 December 2022, the Issuer’s 
financial liquidity coverage ratio was equal to 189% (as of 31 December 2021 –  242%), when the 
requirement is set at >=100%.

--- Page 18 ---
- 9 - 
 
The Issuer relies on deposits from retail and corporate customers in order to service most of its liquidity 
needs. The Issuer relies on deposit-based funding (customer deposits amount to 75.2% of total liabilities as 
of 31 December 2022 (as of 31 December 2021 76.2%). The volume of such liquidity is, however, 
dependent on factors which are beyond the Issuer's control, such as changes in household savings ratios, 
the propensity to save by making bank deposits and changes in the tax regime applicable to bank deposits. 
The Issuer’s liquidity position may also be affected negatively by a large and unexpected outflow of 
deposits.  
Refinancing risk of the Issuer will become more significant as the borrowings increase, and the Issuer will 
face the risk of not being able to raise funds from money and/or capital markets on acceptable terms, which 
may have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s business operations, its performance or financial position. 
Risks associated with business development initiatives and changes to the Issuer’s operating model 
The Issuer is constantly exploring ways to develop and streamline its operations, meet its customers’ 
demands, stay up-to-date with market developments, make its operations more efficient and improve its 
financial performance and position. Business development is a constant process. To manage this risk, the 
Issuer has a project management structure in place, which aims to ensure the ongoing review of its project 
portfolio in order to effectively allocate the resources and intervene if needed. 
It is also possible that the Issuer will acquire or merge with companies or their portfolios in the future, in 
order to expand its business operations, for example, or to have new resources at its disposal. As on 22 
November 2022, the Issuer and Akcinė bendrovė "Invalda INVL", legal entity code 121304349, registered 
at address Gynėjų str. 14, Vilnius, the Republic of Lithuania, signed an agreement to merge segments of 
their retail businesses. Following the provisions of the signed agreement, the transaction is expected to be 
completed until the end of 2023. The goal of the merger is to gain a larger market and customer base and 
achieve economies of scale. Regardless, for the implementation of this merger, the approval of the BoL is 
needed as well as certain anticipated changes in the activities of parties (for more information on this 
transaction, see Description of the Issuer–Major shareholders of the Issuer and General Information–
Material Contracts).  
Growth built on company or portfolio acquisitions is associated with certain risks, such as assessing the 
feasibility of planned investments and the integration of the business operations and new employees 
acquired. If the Issuer does not succeed in implementing such measures, future company acquisitions may 
have an adverse effect on the Issuer's business operations, its performance or its financial position. 
Furthermore, with any business development initiatives, possible company or portfolio acquisitions and 
changes to the operating model, there is a risk that the initiative, acquisition, or change may, regardless of 
the Issuer’s efforts, not bring the desired benefits. Moreover, there is a risk that such initiatives, acquisitions 
and changes may result in inefficiencies, stoppages, or delays in the Issuer’s operations, negatively affect 
the Issuer’s customers’ satisfaction (potentially leading to loss of clients), reputation and awareness of the 
Issuer’s brand. The occurrence of any such effect could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
business, financial condition, and results of operations of the Issuer.  
Dependency on information technology systems 
The Group has developed and uses a variety of information technology (IT) systems and web-based 
solutions in carrying out its everyday business operations and providing services to its clients. This means 
that the Group is exceedingly open to IT related risks over which it has no control, including system-wide 
failures of communication infrastructure, quality and reliability of equipment and software supplied by third 
parties and other similar risks. Furthermore, should the Group experience a significant security breakdown 
or other significant disruption to its information technology systems, sensitive information could be 
compromised, which in turn could result in civil and administrative liability of the Group before its 
customers, counterparties and state authorities. In addition to that, potential illegal attacks on the Group’s 
internal IT systems may limit access to both online and offline services of the Group, which would have 
material adverse effect on further operations of the Group and its financial position. The Group may, despite 
its efforts, fail to mitigate all IT systems related risks or fail to take appropriate and effective 
countermeasures if its systems fall under attack, which in turn may have material adverse effect on the 
Group’s operations, financial position and results. 
Risks associated with the Issuer’s human resources

--- Page 19 ---
- 10 - 
 
The Issuer’s performance is largely dependent on the talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals. The 
employees have a high workload and complex planning of resources is required with a need to prioritise 
both business-driven development and regulatory-driven development while simultaneously managing day-
to-day operations. Increased staff-related risks could materially adversely affect the Issuer’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
The Issuer’s continued ability to compete effectively in its businesses depends on the Issuer’s ability to 
attract qualified employees and to retain and motivate its existing employees. Competition from within the 
financial services industry and from businesses outside the financial services industry for qualified 
employees is intense. The need for higher cost efficiency could also result in a lower rate of wage increases 
in the coming years, which may also impact the Issuer’s ability to retain or recruit employees. This may 
impact the Issuer’s ability to take advantage of business opportunities, potential efficiencies, or profitably 
manage its existing or new assets. 
As staff costs comprise the main part of operating costs (2022  – 51.6%, 2021  – 42.07%), increased staff-
related risks could materially adversely affect the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations, also increase in staff costs behind the market expectations could lead to potentially worse 
evaluations from investors, rating agencies and other stakeholders and impair the possibilities to generate 
capital / attract funding. 
Risks associated with the credit ratings of the Issuer 
The Issuer’s credit ratings do not always mirror the risk related to individual Notes under the Programme. 
Currently, the Issuer has a long-term deposit rating of Baa2 and its positive outlook from Moody’s. Any 
credit rating agency may lower its ratings or withdraw the rating if, in the sole judgement of the credit rating 
agency, the credit quality of the Issuer has declined or is in question. In addition, at any time a credit rating 
agency may revise its relevant rating methodology with the result that, among other things, any rating 
assigned to the Issuer may be lowered. If any of the ratings assigned to the Issuer is lowered or withdrawn, 
the market value of the Notes may be reduced. Furthermore, such ratings may not reflect the potential 
impact of all risks related to the structure, market, and other factors that may affect the financial standing 
of the Issuer. Accordingly, a credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may 
be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. The Issuer’s ratings may also decline if sovereign 
credit rating of Lithuania is downgraded regardless of any direct correlation with the Issuer’s activities. 
The Issuer can at any time choose to stop cooperating with the relevant credit rating agency, which would 
result in the Notes no longer being rated, unless the Issuer chooses to be rated by one or several other credit 
rating agencies. A decline in the rating of the Issuer or withdrawal of the rating by a rating agency may 
have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer. 
Operational risk 
Issue exposed to Operational risk arrising from inadequacy or failure of internal procedures, employees, 
process or information system failures and flaws or due to external risks including legal risk and 
reputational risk. In addition, the operational risk embraces risk of corporate fraud and misconduct.  
This encompasses (i) internal risks including theft and fraud by employees, development and process 
failures, business interruptions or break-downs in information systems and (ii) external risk factors such as 
property damage and fraud by customers. The operational risk may have material adverse effect on the 
Group’s operations, financial position and results. 
Issue seeks to reduce these operational risks through controls and procedures including special attention 
dedicated on strengthening of the operational risk culture via internal trainings to all employees. However, 
these measures may be inadequate to address significant operational risks. Any inadequate or failed internal 
or external risk-related processes may affect the Issuer’s strategy, its growth potential, its fees and 
commissions, and profit margins and, consequently, could have a material adverse effect on its business, 
financial condition and results of operations. Losses from operational risk could damage the Issuer’s capital 
position or reputational risk event could trigger a bank run, where a large number of depositors could 
withdraw their funds, which would, which would deteriorate the Issuer’s liquidity position.

--- Page 20 ---
- 11 - 
 
. Risks associated with the market environment and macroeconomic conditions 
Risks associated with the general market environment and economic conditions in Lithuania 
The results of the Issuer are affected by the macroeconomic conditions and trends in the financial markets 
in general as well as by the economic condition in Lithuania in particular. The economy of Lithuania is 
small and open economy that is closely linked to the global economy and especially to the macroeconomic 
conditions in the Eurozone countries and Russia. Lithuania is member of the European Union and the North 
Atlantic Treaty Organisation. Any deterioration in the economic environment of Lithuania where the Issuer 
operates, or in the countries where its customers and counterparties operate, could have a direct negative 
impact on the Issuer’s strategy, its growth potential, its fees and commissions, and profit margins and, 
consequently, could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
During recessionary periods, there may be less demand for loan products and a greater number of the 
Issuer’s customers may default on their loans or other obligations. Interest rate rises may also have an 
impact on the demand for mortgages and other loan products. Fluctuations in interest rates and in ratings 
in the Eurozone influence its performance. 
Among others, the macroeconomic framework could be influenced by: (i) new international trade policies; 
(ii) global geopolitical tensions (including recent developments in connection with conflicts between Russia 
and Ukraine and the resulting sanctions imposed on Russia and Russian financial and economic players, by 
the EU and other various countries); (iii) future developments of the European Central Bank’s (“ECB”) 
monetary policy in the Euro area, the Federal Reserve system in the Dollar area, and the policies 
implemented by other countries aimed at promoting competitive devaluations of their currencies; (v) the 
sustainability of the sovereign debt of certain countries and related recurring tensions on the financial 
markets; and (vi) the volatile trend in the price of oil and gas. 
Should any negative development in the economy in Lithuania or in the financial markets generally occur, 
the demand for banking services may decrease and lead to a reduced net interest income from the banking 
business as well as reduced commissions from the asset management and real estate brokerage businesses. 
Weaker demand and any increase in unemployment may also lead to difficulties for the Issuer’s customers 
in meeting their payment obligations, thereby causing increased disruptions in the repayments of loans, 
write-downs and loan losses. A rise in the level of interest rates may have the same effect. The market value 
of financial assets held by the Issuer may also be affected. Furthermore, investors’ demand for returns may 
increase, thus increasing the Issuer’s refinancing costs and hampering the Issuer’s refinancing options. 
Risk associated with information security and risk of cybercrime attacks 
The Issuer’s operations rely on the correct and secure processing and communication of large amounts of 
information, which is often of a confidential nature. As part of its business operations, the Issuer records 
personal and banking details that it receives from its customers. Significant costs may be incurred if 
information security risks, such as illegal access to or distortion of information, are realised. Costs may also 
be incurred by the Issuer in protecting itself against breaches of data protection rules and in solving 
problems that have been caused as a result of such breaches. 
The Issuer is also subject to EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”). If any member of the Issuer 
or any of their third-party service providers fails to store or transmit customer information in a secure 
manner, or if any loss or wrongful processing of personal customer data were otherwise to occur, the Issuer 
could be subject to investigative and enforcement action by relevant regulatory authorities and could be 
subject to claims or complaints from the person to whom the data relates or could face liability under data 
protection laws. Should some or all of these risks materialise, this may have an adverse effect on the 
business, financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer. 
As for all major financial institutions, the Issuer’s activities have been, and could continue to be, subject to 
an increasing risk of cyber-attacks, the nature of which is continually evolving. Digital transformation can 
make it a potential target for cybercrime attempts and that is primarily related to the Issuer’s internet bank 
users and includes physical identity theft, unauthorised access to privileged and sensitive customer 
information, including internet bank credentials as well as payment and credit card information. The Issuer 
also expects to face regulatory requirements going forward in relation to cybersecurity.

--- Page 21 ---
- 12 - 
 
The Issuer could continue to experience security breaches or unexpected disruptions to its systems and 
services in the future. Such security breaches and unexpected disruptions could in turn result in liability 
towards the Issuer’s customers and/or third parties and consequently have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations. 
Solving such problems can cause interruptions or delays in the Issuer’s customer service, which in turn 
could damage the Issuer’s reputation, discourage customers from using the Issuer’s services or cause 
customers to bring claims for compensation against the Issuer. Any of these situations could have a 
significant adverse effect on the Issuer’s business operations, its performance or its financial position. 
Risks associated with the reputation of Lithuania and of other Baltic countries 
Being a Lithuanian bank, the Issuer's reputation and perception are affected by the international reputation 
of Lithuania and the Baltics, especially regarding how companies from these countries, particularly 
financial institutions, are perceived globally. Baltic financial institutions have faced significant attention in 
recent years due to money laundering allegations. Since 2018 allegations related to money laundering have 
been raised against several significant credit institutions in the Baltic states and, various proceedings have 
been initiated by authorities in Estonia and abroad to investigate such allegations.  
Furthermore, in 2018 concerns about money laundering and terrorist financing have been raised by 
MONEYVAL1 regarding Latvia as a regional financial center due to identified large financial flows passing 
through Latvia. MONEYVAL and the FATF2 have evaluated Latvia's progress in addressing deficiencies 
in its anti-money laundering measures. While Latvia has made improvements and was no longer subject to 
enhanced surveillance by the FATF, it remains under enhanced follow-up by MONEYVAL.  
Similar evaluation reports were issued by MONEYVAL for Lithuania, highlighting threats related to money 
laundering – including increased corruption, significant share of shadow economy, evidence of organized 
crime and widespread use of cash. In December 2022 MONEYVAL published its third follow-up report 
which showed further improvements Lithuania made in its AML/CFT framework, specifically, 
improvements in transparency of legal persons and in powers of customs authorities were noted. Overall, 
Lithuania has achieved full compliance with eight of the 40 FATF recommendations and retains minor 
deficiencies in the implementation of 27 recommendations where it has been found “largely compliant”. 
Five recommendations remain “partially compliant”, and Lithuania has no “non-compliant” rating. 
Estonia's effectiveness in combating money laundering and terrorist financing was rated as mostly 
moderately effective in MONEYVAL's fifth round mutual evaluation report. Issues such as strengthening 
preventative measures by the private sector and improving the quality of beneficial ownership information 
were highlighted. Estonia is subject to MONEYVAL’s enhanced follow-up reporting process as a result of 
the report. 
Eight Nordic-Baltic Constituency countries, including Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania, have engaged the 
IMF3 to conduct a regional analysis of money laundering and terrorist financing threats and vulnerabilities. 
The IMF began its work in January 2021 and was expected to report its findings in mid-2022, however has 
not yet done so by the day of preparation of this document. 
While no money laundering allegations have been made against the Issuer (except for one case against the 
BoL, where the court proceedings are completed, and the case is closed – for more information please see 
Legal Proceedings and Investigations), the reputation of other Baltic financial institutions may still affect 
its ability to raise funding from international markets on favorable terms. There is also a risk that some of 
the Issuer’s direct or indirect counterparties (e.g., correspondent banks) and/or customers may wish to 
terminate or limit the scope of their business relationships with Baltic financial institutions, including the 
Issuer, or subject Baltic financial institutions, including the Issuer, to more rigorous control. Furthermore, 
it is possible that the Issuer’s business partners or public authorities (for example FATF and/or the European 
Commission) may apply mandatory enhanced due diligence measures against financial institutions 
established and/or operating in any or all of the Baltic countries, thus affecting business operations of the 
Issuer. 
 
1 Committee of Experts on the Evaluation of Anti-Money Laundering Measures and the Financing of Terrorism 
2 Financial Action Task Force 
3 Nordic-Baltic Constituency of the International Monetary Fund

--- Page 22 ---
- 13 - 
 
Competition risk 
The Issuer is the fourth largest bank in Lithuania in terms of both loan portfolio and deposits. As a result, 
the Group faces a significant competition from other larger market players. In each of the business segments, 
the Group competes primarily on the basis of its service range, pricing, established client relationships, 
technical knowledge and the efficient handling of banking operations. If the Group is unable to continue 
provision of its services to existing clients, developing new services portfolios and attracting new clients, 
responding to client trends, increasing its operating efficiency and reducing its operating and overhead costs, 
it may not be able to successfully compete in the market. Should the Group fail to maintain its market 
position in the market and business segments, this could have a material adverse effect on the net assets, 
financial position and financial performance of the Group. 
In addition to that, both established players and newcomers compete in the market. The Issuer primarily 
faces competition in its universal banking activities, where its competitors include large Scandinavian 
banking groups operating in retail, corporate and investment banking markets in Baltic markets (SEB, 
Swedbank), or large Baltic banking groups (Luminor, Citadele). In particular, taking into account the large 
investments made by other banks in new technologies, the Issuer faces increasing competition in internet 
and mobile banking. 
High levels of competition in the banking industry could also lead to increased pricing pressure on the 
Issuer’s products and services, which would have a material adverse effect on the business, financial 
condition and results of operations of the Issuer. In particular, increased competition for deposits may lead 
to a higher loans-to-deposit ratio and an increase of the Issuer’s cost of funding (during last 12 months 
deposit cost of funding increased to 0.46% from 0.19%). 
Moreover, new entrants such as FinTech companies, providing online financial services, are also 
increasingly competing for customers and market share. The developing relations between FinTech 
companies and traditional banks is a significant trend and may have a great impact on the existing market 
structure for banking services. 
There is no guarantee that (i) the Issuer’s strategies will be sufficiently competitive or that (ii) such 
strategies will meet customer needs and expectations in the future as competition increases and the 
availability of products and services grows on the international markets, or that they will otherwise be 
successful. It is also possible that the Issuer may not be able to put its strategies into practice and succeed 
in integrating the different services from its various business areas, thus creating synergy effects between 
them. Additionally, changes in business strategy entail risks of their own, including in relation to 
operational risks, risks of insufficient training of personnel and IT risks. 
If the Issuer fails to respond to the competitive environment in its target markets by offering attractive and 
profitable product and service solutions, it may affect the Issuer’s competitiveness, its market shares, its 
growth potential, its customer base and, consequently, could have a material adverse effect on its business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
Risks associated with the legal and regulatory environment 
Risks associated with abuse of the financial system 
The regulations applicable to the financial sector on the prevention of money laundering, corruption and 
the financing of terrorism as well as implementation of international sanctions have been and are subject to 
ongoing tightening. In global terms, the risk that banks may become the subject of or be exploited for the 
purposes of money laundering or the financing of terrorism has increased. The risk of future incidents 
involving money laundering or financing of terrorism is always on the agenda for financial institutions and 
falls under the scope of annual Enterprise Wide-Risk Assessment procedure. Any breach of the rules that 
aim to prevent the illegal exploitation of the financial system or even the suspicion of such infringements 
could have grave legal consequences for the Issuer and its reputation, which, in turn, could have a 
significant adverse effect on the Issuer in terms of regulatory fines and reputational damage. Seeking to 
manage and mitigate such risks, the Issuer applies AML/CFT measures. Effectiveness of AML/CFT 
measures are under scope of regular control, internal audit and clear reporting lines (including escalation to 
Top Management).

--- Page 23 ---
- 14 - 
 
Regardless of the risk mitigation measures that the Issuer is taking, there can be no assurance that the AML, 
CFT and sanctions measures of the Issuer are and have in the past been always sufficient and there will be 
no proceedings, investigations or allegations involving the Issuer. 
The Issuer’s screening and monitoring approach, supporting processes and systems may not fully prevent 
the execution or facilitation of transaction(s) which have exposure to money laundering, sanctions and/or 
terrorism financing offences. 
The Issuer monitors transactions according to predefined scenarios and thresholds, however, there is a risk 
that the Issuer may not be able to detect all the patterns and occurrences in a customer’s behaviour which 
indicate breaches of AML or sanctions laws on the part of the customer. 
The Issuer has developed a regular reporting routine and has defined additional need-based escalation topics 
to Management containing both qualitative and quantitative components. Nevertheless, risks may arise 
where the Issuer has not sufficiently defined the content of reporting principles. The occurrence and 
realisation of the above-mentioned risks could have a severely negative impact on the Issuer, its financial 
standing, reputation and business due to the enforcement activities of state supervisory authorities and 
adverse public opinion.  
Geopolitical situation rose significant sanctions risk with the Russia-Ukraine war that started at the end of 
February 2022. The Issuer assessed two sanctioned entities in the portfolio with the amount to 1,5% of 
Issuer’s total customer deposit base. As required under the relevant EU sanctions regulations, Issuer has 
taken the appropriate mitigating measures by freezing the assets and subjecting the relevant counterparties 
to enhanced monitoring. All business relationships with these sanctioned entities originated before their 
owners were sanctioned. 
Risks associated with regulatory requirements and the Issuer’s legal obligations 
The Issuer’s business operations are subject to a large number of laws and regulations concerning banking 
operations and financial services and the Issuer is subject to stringent, constantly increasing and changing 
regulation and supervision, which means that the Issuer may be subject to intervention from the regulatory 
authorities and there is no assurance that the Issuer will be found fully compliant with all applicable laws 
and regulations. 
In recent years, the regulation of banking operations and the financial sector in general has undergone 
extensive changes in Lithuania, in the European Union and internationally. Implementation of new 
guidelines and regulations (for example Basel III reforms) increases Compliance risk as well as  the 
administrative burden, resulting in increased costs and lower profitability.  Currently undetermined changes 
of capital buffers requirements can have an impact banking operations, for example, and can lead to further 
costs and obligations for the Issuer. Changes may also be imposed on rules governing how the Issuer runs 
its business. New regulation may force the Issuer to reduce its level of risk, its volume of business and the 
lending ratio in some operations.  
There have been ongoing regulatory changes focussing on environmental, social and governance ("ESG") 
factors. The Issuer is constantly following the ESG-related regulatory requirements and making efforts to 
comply with them on time. However, given the complexity and dynamics of changes in ESG-related 
regulations, and as part of them they have been introduced only recently, there is a risk that the Issuer may 
not to comply with all such ESG-related regulatory requirements on full scope. Failure to comply with such 
ESG requirements may have an adverse impact on the Issuer through the imposition of fines and other 
regulatory sanctions as well as through reputational damage. 
The Law on Temporary Solidarity Contribution was adopted, which aims to establish a temporary solidarity 
contribution in Lithuania, directed to a part of the net interest windfall of credit institutions. The potential 
impact to the Issuer is still at the very early stage and could vary from 0 to 10 million EUR depending on 
how different elements will be defined and interpreted. 
Measures taken by the authorities or unfavourable decisions in disputes with the authorities could also result 
in fines or restrictions and limits being imposed on the Issuer’s business operations and give cause for 
negative publicity. Breaches against competition laws can also result in severe monetary sanctions. 
Any tightening of consumer protection laws or the interpretation thereof by courts or other competent 
authorities could result in lower profitability of certain of its products and services, which may impair its

--- Page 24 ---
- 15 - 
 
ability to offer certain products and services or to enforce certain clauses and thus have an adverse effect 
on the results of operations. 
Likewise, limitations imposed by, and the cost of compliance with the rules imposed by MiFID II and 
related legislation may result in further limitations, increased cost and lower profitability of the Issuer's 
banking business involving financial instruments. This may have a negative impact on the ability of the 
Issuer to fulfil its obligations in relation to Notes issued under this Base Prospectus. 
Furthermore, banking activities are largely dependent on contractual relations. Customers and 
counterparties to agreements that any member of the Issuer has entered into may submit claims against the 
Issuer or its Subsidiaries that can lead to disputes and legal action. Such demands may, for example, concern 
liability towards customers with regard to the sale of unsuitable products or with regard to incorrect advice. 
If the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries is deemed to have neglected its duties, it may be liable to pay damages. 
Any legal action against any member of the Issuer can also have a negative impact on the Issuer’s reputation, 
which in turn could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
If any of the risks set out above were realised, this could have a significant adverse effect on the Issuer's 
business operations, its performance or its financial position. 
Risk associated with regulatory capital requirements 
The Issuer is subject to supervision by the European Central Bank (“ECB”) through the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism, which provides for minimum levels of regulatory capital, which are comparable with those of 
other significant banks in the European Union. If the Issuer were to fail to maintain its ratios, this may result 
in administrative actions or sanctions against it which may impact the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations 
under the Notes.  
All banks are subject to capital, liquidity coverage and other requirements that banks must observe. These 
requirements serve as safeguards that help ensure safe and sound banking activities. Banks are subject to 
capital and own funds, SREP capital, additional capital buffers, liquidity and the large exposure 
requirements.   
The supervisory institutions may set other ratios without contradiction to the recommendations of the Basel 
Committee on Banking Supervision and European Union legislation. 
Capital adequacy is the main indicator for assessment of solvency of credit institutions. Failure to maintain 
sufficient capital to absorb the losses from all the risks the Group is exposed to may lead to failure of the 
institution to meet its obligations to its creditors. As of the date of the Prospectus the Issuer is complying 
with all applicable capital requirements. Its CET1 ratio as of 31 December 2022 is 18.14% (31 December 
2021 – 19.47%), i.e., higher than the required minimum level of 9.6%; overall capital adequacy ratio as of 
31 December 2022 is 18.96% (31 December 2021 – 20.42%) – i.e., higher than required minimum level of 
13.55%.  
The capital requirements adopted in Lithuania and in the European Union may change, whether as a result 
of further changes of the European Union or Lithuanian legislation, global standards or interpretation 
thereof. 
The Issuer structures and plans its activities so that it would ensure compliance with regulatory 
requirements with sufficient buffers to cover the stressed conditions, but the realisation of a single risk 
factor or a combination of multiple risk factors beyond the Issuer’s expectations could result in larger shock 
than expected and then lead to deterioration of either (or both) capital and liquidity position and failure to 
satisfy the regulatory requirements.  
Any failure by the Issuer to satisfy the regulatory capital requirements, liquidity requirements and other 
requirements applied to the Issuer, and any further increases in such requirements, could result in regulatory 
intervention or sanctions or significant reputation harm, which may have material adverse effect on the 
Issuer’s financial condition, results of operation and prospects. In addition to that, the Issuer may be able 
to raise such capital but not at commercially attractive terms and conditions, leading to weaker profitability.

--- Page 25 ---
- 16 - 
 
Risks associated with the Notes 
Any Notes issued under the Programme may be subjected in the future to the bail-in and loss absorption 
resolution tool by the Relevant Resolution Authority and to the mandatory burden sharing measures for 
the provision of precautionary capital support which may result into their write-down in full 
Under the Law on Financial Sustainability, powers have been granted to the Relevant Resolution Authority 
which include the bail-in and loss absorption tool through which a credit institution subjected to resolution 
may be recapitalised either by way of write-down or conversion of liabilities into ordinary shares. The bail-
in and loss absorption tool may be imposed either as a sole resolution measure or in combination with the 
rest of the resolution tools that may be imposed by the Relevant Resolution Authority in case of the 
resolution of a failing credit institution. 
Any Notes that will be issued under the Base Prospectus may be subjected to the said bail-in and loss 
absorption tool. So, if the Issuer is subjected to resolution measures in the future, then the value of such 
Notes may be written down (up to zero) as a result of the imposition of the bail-in and loss absorption tool 
by the Competent Authority. Furthermore, the Notes may be subject to modifications or the disapplication 
of provisions in the Conditions of the Notes, including alteration of the principal amount or any interest 
payable on the Notes, the maturity date or any other dates on which payments may be due, as well as the 
suspension of payments for a certain period. 
Pursuant to Condition 16 (Acknowledgment of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers), each Noteholder of 
the Notes acknowledges and accepts that any liability of the Issuer arising under the Notes may be subject 
to the exercise of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
Under certain circumstances, the Issuer's ability to redeem or repurchase the Notes may be limited  
Under the Law on Financial Sustainability, powers have been granted to the Relevant Resolution Authority 
The rules under the CRD Package prescribe certain conditions for the granting of permission by the 
Competent Authority or the Relevant Resolution Authority (as applicable) to a request by the Issuer to 
redeem or repurchase the Notes. The Issuer may redeem or repurchase the Notes only if such redemption 
or repurchase is in accordance with applicable provisions of the Applicable Banking Regulations, and, 
where necessary, has been granted the permission from the Competent Authority and, in addition if:  
(i) 
on or before such redemption or repurchase of the Notes, the Issuer replaces the Notes with 
own funds instruments or eligible liabilities instruments (as applicable) of an equal or higher 
quality on terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that its own funds 
and eligible liabilities would, following such redemption or repurchase, exceed the 
requirements under the Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin that the Competent 
Authority or to the extent that such Notes have ceased to qualify, in whole but not in part, as 
Tier 2 Capital the Resolution Authority may consider necessary.  
In addition, the rules under the CRD Package provide that the Competent Authority may only permit 
the Issuer to redeem the Notes that qualify as Tier 2 Capital before 5 years after the issue date of the 
last Tranche of any Series of such Notes if: 
(i) 
the conditions listed in paragraph (i) or (ii) above are met; and 
(ii) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Capital Event, (i) the Competent 
Authority considers such change to be sufficiently certain and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to 
the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the Capital Event was not reasonably 
foreseeable at the time of the issuance of the Notes; or  
(iii) 
in the case of redemption for taxation reasons pursuant to Condition 6(b) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption for tax reasons), the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the 
Competent Authority that the change in tax treatment is material and was not reasonably 
foreseeable at the time of issuance of the Notes; or 
(iv) 
before or at the same time of such redemption or repurchase, the Issuer replaces the Notes 
with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its

--- Page 26 ---
- 17 - 
 
income capacity and the Competent Authority has permitted that action on the basis of the 
determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by 
exceptional circumstances; or  
(v) 
the Notes are repurchased for market making purposes.  
The rules under the CRD Package may be modified from time to time after the Issue Date of the Notes. 
The Notes are subordinated to most of the Issuer's liabilities   
If the Issuer is declared bankrupt and a winding-up is initiated, the claims of the holders of its senior debt 
and its obligations to most of its other creditors (including unsecured creditors but excluding any obligations 
in respect of more subordinated debt or other obligations that by law rank, or by their terms are expressed 
to rank, pari passu with or junior to the claims of the Noteholders of the Notes) will be satisfied (after 
covering the costs of and other payments relating to bankruptcy proceedings) before any payments on the 
relevant Notes. Furthermore, pursuant to the amendments introduced by BRRD II to Article 48(7) of BRRD 
(which was transposed into Article 87 of the Republic of Lithuania Law on Banks), all claims resulting 
from own funds items shall have, in relevant insolvency proceedings, a lower priority ranking than any 
claim that does not result from an own funds item. For the purposes of the previous sentence, to the extent 
that an instrument is only partly recognised as an own funds item, the whole instrument shall be treated as 
a claim resulting from an own funds item and shall rank lower than any claim that does not result from an 
own funds item. This means that, regardless of their contractual ranking, liabilities that are no longer at 
least partially recognised as an own funds instrument for the purpose of the CRR shall rank senior to any 
liabilities fully or partially recognised as an own funds instrument. Accordingly, claims of the holders of 
the Notes that qualify as Tier 2 Capital will have, in the bankruptcy proceedings carried out in respect of 
the Issuer, a lower priority ranking than any claims that do not result from own funds items in accordance 
with the provisions of BBRD II, even if the Notes are only partly recognised as an own funds item of the 
Issuer. In any of the above situations, the Issuer may not have enough assets remaining after these payments 
to pay amounts due under the relevant Notes. Although the Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than 
notes which are not subordinated, there is a substantial risk that investors in the Notes will lose all or some 
of the value of their investment should the Issuer become insolvent. See also "The Issuer may be subject to 
statutory resolution", above. 
 
Remedies in case of default on the Notes are severely limited 
The Notes will contain limited enforcement events relating to (a) non-payment by the Issuer of any amounts 
due and (b) the winding-up, insolvency or bankruptcy of the Issuer, whether in Lithuania or elsewhere. 
In such circumstances, as described in more detail in Condition 9 (Events of Default) of the Conditions, a 
Noteholder may declare its Notes to be due and payable at their principal amount, and prove or claim in the 
winding-up, insolvency or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
In each case, however, the Noteholder of such Notes may claim payment in respect of such Notes only in 
the winding-up, insolvency or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
The Issuer could, in certain circumstances, substitute or vary the terms of the Notes 
To the extent that any Series of the Notes contains provisions relating to the substitution or variation of 
such Notes, in certain circumstances (such as if a Capital Event, Withholding Tax Event, Tax Event or 
MREL Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing, or in order to ensure the effectiveness of 
Condition 16 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers)), the Issuer may, in accordance 
with Applicable Banking Regulations and without the consent or approval of the Noteholders, substitute or 
vary the terms of such Notes (including changing the governing law of Condition 16 (Acknowledgement of 
Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers)) to ensure that they continue to qualify as Tier 2 Capital or that have 
ceased to qualify in whole but not in part as Tier 2 Capital eligible liabilities, in accordance with the 
Conditions, or in order to ensure the effectiveness of Condition  (Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss 
Absorption Powers). 
While the Issuer cannot make changes to the terms of such Notes that are materially less favourable to a 
holder of the Notes, the governing law of Condition 16 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption

--- Page 27 ---
- 18 - 
 
Powers) 
may 
be 
changed 
in 
order 
to 
ensure the 
effectiveness 
and 
enforceability 
of 
Condition   (Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers). 
There can be no assurance as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect any particular 
Noteholder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such varied Notes could be 
different for some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding 
the Notes prior to such substitution or variation. 
Modification and waivers 
The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider and vote 
upon matters affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing. These provisions permit 
defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant 
meeting, or as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution including those Noteholders who voted 
in a manner contrary to the majority. 
Furthermore, the Conditions of the Notes provide that the Notes and the Conditions of the Notes may be 
amended without the consent of the Noteholders to correct a manifest error or to comply with any 
amendments, updates and/or modifications to any applicable legislation passed after the date hereof by or 
on behalf of the Republic of Lithuania or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof 
having power to make such amendment, update and/or modification, which impacts the Issuer’s obligations 
in relation to the Notes. The Issuer cannot foresee, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, what such changes 
may entail, however, any changes made will be binding on Noteholders.  
Credit risk of the Issuer 
An investment in the Notes is subject to credit risk, which means that the Issuer may fail to meet its 
obligations arising from the Notes duly and in a timely manner. The Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations 
arising from the Notes and the ability of the holders of the Notes to receive payments arising from the Notes 
depends on the financial position and the results of operations of the Issuer, which are subject to other risks 
described in this Base Prospectus. The Notes are not bank deposits in the Issuer and are not insured by the 
state company “Deposit and Investment Insurance” (in Lithuanian: Valstybės įmonė “Indėlių ir investicijų 
draudimas”). Thus, in case of insolvency of the Issuer, the Noteholders would not receive any payments, 
related to Notes from this state company. 
There is no active trading market for the Notes 
There can be no assurance that a liquid market for the Notes will be maintained. The investors may find it 
difficult to sell their Notes or to sell them at prices producing a return comparable to returns on similar 
investments in the secondary market. This is specifically relevant for the reason, that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be €100,000. Thus, there would be not many investors, able to acquire the 
Notes on the secondary market. 
The Notes are new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there is currently no active 
trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be consolidated with and 
form a single series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued). If a market does develop, it may not 
be very liquid. Therefore, no liquidity of any market in the Notes can be assured; nor the ability of the 
holders of the Notes to sell their Notes or the prices at which they would be able to sell their Notes. 
If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may be traded at a discount or at a premium to their 
initial offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general 
economic conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer. It is possible that the market for the Notes 
will be subject to disruptions or volatility. Any such disruption or volatility may have a negative effect on 
holders of either series of the Notes, regardless of the Issuer’s prospects and financial performance. As a 
result, there is no assurance that there will be an active trading market for the Notes. If no active trading 
market develops, you may not be able to resell your holding of the Notes at a fair value, if at all.  
Although an application will be made for the Notes to be admitted to listing on Nasdaq Vilnius there can 
be no assurance that such application will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes will be so 
admitted or that an active trading market will develop. Accordingly, there is no assurance as to the 
development or liquidity of any trading market for any particular Tranche of Notes.

--- Page 28 ---
- 19 - 
 
Exchange rates and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in Euro (the "Specified Currency"). This presents 
certain risks relating to currency conversions if a holder’s of Notes financial activities is denominated 
principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor’s Currency") other than the Specified Currency. 
These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation 
of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the 
value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s 
Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, holders of the Notes may receive less interest 
or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
The Issuer is not prohibited from issuing further debt, which may rank pari passu with or senior to the 
Notes 
 
There is no restriction on the amount of debt that the Issuer may issue that ranks senior to the Notes or on 
the amount of securities that it may issue that rank pari passu with the Notes. The issue of any such debt or 
securities may reduce the amount recoverable by Noteholders in the event of voluntary or involuntary 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
Interest rate risks 
An investment in the Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely 
affect the value of the Notes. Particularly long-term fixed-rate Notes involve a high risk of a material decline 
in value if the market rate exceeds the rate paid in accordance with the fixed-rate Notes. On the other hand, 
holders of Notes that are subject to redemption at the option of the Issuer should not expect, in case of 
falling market rates, that the price would substantially exceed the redemption price. The yield to maturity 
on the Notes is affected by number of factors that cannot be predicted at the time of the investment. 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity 
According to the Conditions of the Notes, the Notes may be redeemed prematurely on the initiative of the 
Issuer, after 5 years from the issue of the Notes as described in the Conditions of the Notes. If this early 
redemption right is exercised by the Issuer, the rate of return from an investment into the Notes may be 
lower than initially anticipated. The Notes may, however, be redeemed prematurely by the Issuer only if 
the BoL has granted its consent to the early redemption. The decision on granting the consent involves 
certain amount of discretion by the BoL and the early redemption is therefore beyond the control of the 
Issuer. On the other hand, the Noteholders are not entitled to request early redemption of the Notes.    
Unless in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms specifies otherwise, in the 
event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to any 
withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf 
of the Republic of Lithuania or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Conditions and subject 
to compliance with certain regulatory conditions and approval by the Competent Authority or Relevant 
Resolution Authority, as applicable (each as defined below). 
The Issuer may be entitled to redeem in whole (but not in part) Notes if an MREL Disqualification Event 
or a Capital Event occurs. 
The regulatory conditions include the requirement under the CRD Package that, if such the Notes are to be 
redeemed during the first 5 years after the issue date of the last tranche of any series of such Notes, the 
Issuer must demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the event triggering such 
redemption was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of the issue of the Notes and, in the case of an early 
redemption relating to the tax treatment of the Notes, that the adverse treatment is material and, in the case 
of an early redemption relating to a Capital Event, that such change is sufficiently certain. These

--- Page 29 ---
- 20 - 
 
foreseeability and materiality Conditions to Redemption contained in the CRD Package only apply to a 
redemption of the Notes occurring in the first 5 years after the issue date of the last tranche of any series of 
such Notes and, therefore, an issuer of regulatory capital securities, such as the Notes, could opt to redeem 
such Notes for tax or regulatory reasons after the fifth anniversary of issue, including based upon an event 
that occurred within the first 5 years of issue of the last tranche of any series of such Notes. There can 
therefore be no assurances that the Notes will not be called for tax or regulatory reasons prior to any 
specified optional call date. 
In addition, if in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes 
are redeemable only at the Issuer’s option in certain other circumstances the Issuer may choose to redeem 
the Notes, subject to certain regulatory conditions and approvals, at times when prevailing interest rates 
may be relatively low. In such circumstances a holder of the Notes may not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant 
Notes and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. This optional redemption feature is likely 
to limit the market value of the Notes. During any period when the Issuer may, or is perceived to be able 
to, elect to redeem the Notes, the market value of the Notes generally will not rise substantially above the 
price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
Mid-Swap Rate may not appear on the Relevant Screen Page on the Reset Determination Date in the 
future 
In relation to Fixed Reset Notes, the Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest shall be determined by 
reference to the Relevant Screen Page (or its successor or replacement). Where the Relevant Screen Page 
is not available or the Mid-Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Conditions provide 
for the Rate of Interest to be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to quotations from banks 
communicated to the Calculation Agent. Where such quotations are not available (as may be the case if the 
relevant banks are not submitting quotations)), the Rate of Interest may ultimately revert to the Initial Rate 
of Interest in respect of a preceding Interest Period. Uncertainty as to the availability of quotes from 
reference banks may adversely affect the value of, and return on, the Fixed Reset Notes.  
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes or could have a 
material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under the Notes. Investors 
should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to the Notes and consult 
their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks imposed by the 
possible application of the Relevant Screen Page replacement provisions on Notes in making any 
investment decision with respect to any Notes. 
Credit Rating may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign a credit rating to the issue of Notes. The rating 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed in 
this section, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. In addition, other rating agencies may assign unsolicited ratings to the Notes. In 
such circumstances there can be no assurance that the unsolicited rating(s) will not be lower than the 
comparable solicited ratings assigned to the Notes, which could adversely affect the market value and 
liquidity of the Notes. 
 In general, European Union regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn 
or suspended) subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration 
application is pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-
European Union credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by a European Union-
registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-European Union rating agency is certified in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been 
withdrawn or suspended). If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes, European Union 
regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes and the Notes may have 
a different regulatory treatment. This may result in the European Union regulated investors selling the Notes

--- Page 30 ---
- 21 - 
 
which may impact the value of the Notes and any secondary market. The list of registered and certified 
rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive 
evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between 
certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated 
ESMA list. 
The Issuer may be subject to statutory resolution 
On 15 May 2014, the European Union Council adopted the European Union directive establishing a 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (as amended by the 
Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 as regards the 
loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms, the "Bank 
Recovery and Resolution Directive" or "BRRD"). The BRRD sets out the necessary steps and powers to 
ensure that bank failures across the European Union are managed in a way which mitigates the risk of 
financial instability and minimises costs for taxpayers. The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with 
a harmonised set of tools and powers to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing 
institution so as to ensure the continuity of the institution's critical financial and economic functions, while 
minimising the impact of an institution's failure on the economy and financial system.  
The BRRD contemplates that powers will be granted to the designated resolution authorities including (but 
not limited to) the introduction of a statutory "write-down and conversion power" (exercisable in relation 
to Tier 1 capital instruments and Tier 2 instruments) and a 'bail-in and loss absorption' power (exercisable 
in relation to other securities that are not Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital instruments), which will give the designated 
resolution authority under Directive 2014/59/EU and Regulation (EU) No 806/2014, as amended (the 
"Relevant Resolution Authority"), the power to cancel all or a portion of the principal amount of, or 
interest on, certain unsecured liabilities (which could include the Notes) of a failing financial institution 
and/or to convert certain debt claims (which could include the Notes) into another security, including equity 
instruments of the surviving Issuer entity, if any. The Lithuanian legislation implementing the BRRD, the 
Law on Financial Sustainability of the Republic of Lithuania (the "Law on Financial Sustainability"), 
entered into force on 3 December 2015 and was amended in December 2021 and June 2022. For more 
information on the implementation of the BRRD in Lithuania, see "The Lithuanian resolution legislation 
implementing the BRRD Directive" below.  
As well as a "write-down and conversion power" and a "bail-in and loss absorption" power as described 
above, the powers granted to the Relevant Resolution Authority under the BRRD include the power to (i) 
direct the sale of the relevant financial institution or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms 
without requiring the consent of the shareholders or complying with the procedural requirements that would 
otherwise apply, (ii) transfer all or part of the business of the relevant financial institution to a "bridge bank" 
(a publicly controlled entity) and (iii) transfer assets of the relevant financial institution to an asset 
management vehicle to allow them to be managed over time. In addition, among the broader powers granted 
to the Relevant Resolution Authority under the BRRD, the BRRD provides powers to the Relevant 
Resolution Authority to amend the maturity date and/or any interest payment date of debt instruments or 
other eligible liabilities of the relevant financial institution and/or impose a temporary suspension of 
payments. 
The write-down and conversion power can be used to ensure that Tier 1 and Tier 2 Capital instruments and 
instruments qualifying as eligible liabilities fully absorb losses at the point of non-viability of an institution 
(or, if applicable, its group) and before any other resolution action is taken. 
Pursuant to Condition 16 (Acknowledgment of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers), each Noteholder 
acknowledges and accepts that any liability of the Issuer arising under the Notes may be subject to the 
exercise of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority. The exercise of any 
such power or any suggestion of such exercise could materially adversely affect the value of any Notes 
subject to the BRRD and could lead to the Noteholders losing some or all of their investment in the Notes. 
Prospective investors in the Notes should consult their own advisers as to the consequences of the 
implementation of the BRRD. 
In addition to the BRRD, the European Union has adopted a directly applicable regulation governing the 
resolution of the most significant financial institutions in the Eurozone, i.e., a regulation establishing a 
Single Resolution Mechanism for them (806/2014, "SRM Regulation"). The SRM Regulation establishes 
a single resolution board (consisting of representatives from the ECB, the European Commission and the

--- Page 31 ---
- 22 - 
 
relevant national resolution authorities) (the "Resolution Board") having resolution powers over the 
entities that are subject to the SRM Regulation, thus replacing or exceeding the powers of the national 
resolution authorities. On 5 December 2019 the Issuer was informed that it was classified as significant 
entity directly supervised by the ECB as one of the three largest credit institutions in Lithuania and as such, 
the Issuer became subject to the SRM Regulation. The ECB directly supervises the Issuer as from 1 January 
2020. 
Under Article 5(1) of the SRM Regulation, the Resolution Board has been granted those responsibilities 
and powers granted to the member states’ resolution authorities under the BRRD for those banks subject to 
direct supervision by the ECB. The SRM Regulation mirrors the BRRD and, to a large part, refers to the 
BRRD so that the Resolution Board is able to apply the same powers that would otherwise be available to 
the relevant national resolution authority. These resolution powers include the sale of business tool, the 
bridge institution tool, the asset separation tool, the bail-in and loss absorption tool and the mandatory write-
down and conversion power in respect of capital instruments. The use of one or more of these tools will be 
included in a resolution scheme to be adopted by the Resolution Board. National resolution authorities will 
remain responsible for the execution of the resolution scheme according to the instructions of the Resolution 
Board. 
The Resolution Board is responsible for preparing and adopting a resolution plan for the entities subject to 
its powers, including the Issuer. It also determines, after consulting competent authorities including the 
ECB, the Minimum Requirement for own funds and Eligible Liabilities (the "MREL"), which the Issuer is 
expected to be required to meet at all times (the MREL requirements applicable to the Issuer as of 1 January 
2024 and legally non-binding interim targets for 2023 issued by the Resolution Board to the Issuer in 
February 2022 have been summarised in "Description of the Issuer – MREL requirements applicable to the 
Issuer"). The Resolution Board will also have the powers in relation to the early intervention as set forth in 
the SRM Regulation, including the power to require the Issuer to contact potential purchasers in order to 
prepare for resolution of the Issuer. The Resolution Board will have the authority to exercise the specific 
resolution powers under the SRM Regulation. These will be launched if the Resolution Board assesses that 
the following conditions are met: (i) the Issuer is failing or is likely to fail; (ii) having regard to timing and 
other relevant circumstances, there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures or 
supervisory action or the write-down or conversion of relevant capital instruments, taken in respect of the 
Issuer, would prevent its failure within a reasonable timeframe; and (iii) a resolution action is necessary in 
the public interest. 
The exercise of any resolution powers by the Resolution Board or any powers pursuant to BRRD with 
respect to the Issuer or any suggestion of such exercise will likely materially adversely affect the price or 
value of an investment in Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under such Notes 
and could lead to the holders of the Notes losing some or all of their investment in the Notes. 
The Lithuanian resolution legislation implementing the BRRD Directive 
The BRRD was implemented in Lithuania by the Law on Financial Sustainability. Under the Law on 
Financial Sustainability, the Relevant Resolution Authority is the BoL. The Law on Financial Sustainability 
provides for certain resolution measures, including the power to impose in certain circumstances a 
suspension of activities. Any suspension of activities can, to the extent determined by the BoL, result in the 
partial or complete suspension of the performance of agreements entered into by the Issuer. The Law on 
Financial Sustainability also grants the power to the BoL to take a number of resolution measures which 
may apply to the Issuer, including (i) a forced sale of the credit institution (sale of business), (ii) the 
establishment of a bridge institution bank or, (iii) the forced transfer of all or part of the assets, rights or 
obligations of the credit institution (asset separation) and (iv) the application of the general bail-in and loss 
absorption tool. In addition, the Law on Financial Sustainability sets forth that all credit institutions must 
at all times meet the MREL determined by the BoL for each credit institution. 
The powers set out in the resolution legislation will impact how credit institutions are managed as well as, 
in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. If the bail-in and loss absorption tool and the statutory 
write-down and conversion power become applicable to the Issuer, the Notes may be subject to write-down 
or conversion into equity on any application of the bail-in and loss absorption tool, which may result in 
Noteholders losing some or all of their investment. Subject to certain conditions, the terms of the obligations 
owed by the Issuer may also be varied by the Relevant Resolution Authority (e.g., as to maturity, interest 
and interest payment dates). The exercise of any power under the resolution legislation or any suggestion

--- Page 32 ---
- 23 - 
 
of such exercise could materially adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of their 
investment in any Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any Notes. 
The Issuer's gross-up obligation under the Notes is limited 
The Issuer's obligation to pay additional amounts in respect of any withholding or deduction in respect of 
taxes under the terms of any Series of the Notes applies only to payments of interest due and payable under 
such Notes and not to payments of principal (which term, for these purposes, includes any premium, final 
redemption amount, early redemption amount, optional redemption amount and any other amount (other 
than interest) which may from time to time be payable in respect of such Notes). 
As such, the Issuer would not be required to pay any additional amounts under the terms of any Series of 
the Notes to the extent any withholding or deduction applied to payments of principal. Accordingly, if any 
such withholding or deduction were to apply to any payments of principal under any Series of the Notes, 
such Noteholders would, upon repayment or redemption of such Notes, be entitled to receive only the net 
amount of such redemption or repayment proceeds after deduction of the amount required to be withheld. 
Therefore, Noteholders may receive less than the full amount due under such Notes, and the market value 
of such Notes may be adversely affected as a result. 
Minimum denomination 
As the Notes have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified Denomination of EUR 100,000 
plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Notes may be traded in 
amounts in excess of EUR 100,000 that are not integral multiples of EUR 100,000. In such case a 
Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination may not trade such holdings on the regulated market and would need to purchase 
a principal amount of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified 
Denomination with the aim to be able to trade the whole holdings on the Regulated Market. Thus, 
Noteholders should be aware that Notes which have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the 
minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade on the Regulated Market of Nasdaq 
Vilnius.

--- Page 33 ---
- 24 - 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The documents set out below that are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are, where 
indicated, direct translations into English from the original languages of the documents. To the extent that 
there are any inconsistencies between the original language versions and the translations, the original 
language versions shall prevail. The information set out shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form 
part of, this Base Prospectus: 
- 
the Group’s and the Issuer’s consolidated and separate financial statements for a 3-month period 
ended 31 March 2023, together with the consolidated half-yearly report and the independent 
auditor’s report (they may be found at https://www.sb.lt/uploads/media/644b6cd8279ad/2023-1q-
en.pdf); 
- 
the Group’s and the Issuer’s audited consolidated and separate financial statements for the year 
ended 31 December 2022, together with the consolidated annual report (may be found at 
https://www.sb.lt/uploads/media/643d394c282bc/sb-ifrs-eng-2022-final.pdf) and the independent 
auditor’s report (may be found at https://www.sb.lt/uploads/media/642a66539bcdd/nepriklausomo-
auditoriaus-isvada-lt.pdf);( 
- 
the Group’s and the Issuer’s audited consolidated and separate financial statements for the year 
ended 31 December 2021, together with the consolidated annual report and the independent auditor’s 
report 
(they 
may 
be 
found 
at 
https://nasdaqbaltic.com/market/upload/reports/sab/2021_ar_en_eur_con_ias.pdf); 
- 
Articles of Association of the Issuer (they may be found at https://sb.lt/en/url/10). 
It is possible to get acquainted with the aforementioned documents on the website of the Issuer at www.sb.lt, 
of Nasdaq at www.nasdaqbaltic.com also on website of the Central Storage Facility of Lithuania at 
www.crib.lt. 
In addition to that, copies of the documents specified above as containing information incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus may also be inspected, free of charge, at Šiaulių bankas AB, Tilžės str. 
149, Šiauliai, the Republic of Lithuania, and Šeimyniškių str. 1A, Vilnius, the Republic of Lithuania. 
Any information contained in or incorporated by reference in any of the documents specified above which 
is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and for the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. In particular, the independent auditor’s reports mentioned above contain references to “Other 
Information”. Such “Other Information” does not form a part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 34 ---
- 25 - 
 
FINAL TERMS AND INFORMATION 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the 
information which is necessary to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and 
liabilities, financial position, profits and losses, financial position and prospects of the Issuer and of the 
rights attaching to the Notes and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer. In relation to the 
Notes which may be issued under the Programme the Issuer has included in this Base Prospectus all of the 
necessary information except for information relating to the Notes which is not known at the date of this 
Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required 
in order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that 
Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus in 
order to obtain all relevant information. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of 
Notes which is the subject of Final Terms are the Conditions described in the relevant Final Terms. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, if required, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer 
and approved by the BoL in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained 
in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent 
applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements 
contained in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified 
or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating 
to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with 
any subsequent introduction of any issue of Notes to trading on Regulated Market of Nasdaq Vilnius.

--- Page 35 ---
- 26 - 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SUBORDINATED NOTES  
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will 
be endorsed on each subordinated note issued under the Programme. In the case of any Tranche of 
subordinated notes which are being admitted to trading on a regulated market in a Member State, the 
relevant Final Terms shall not amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. Subject to this, 
to the extent permitted by applicable law and/or regulation, the Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of 
subordinated notes may supplement, amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: Akcinė bendrovė Šiaulių bankas (the "Issuer") has established Subordinated 
Note Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to EUR 100,000,000 in 
aggregate principal amount of subordinated notes (the "Notes") qualifying as Tier 2 
Capital of the Issuer. 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and 
each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each 
Tranche is the subject of a final terms (the "Final Terms") which complete these terms 
and conditions (the "Conditions"). The terms and conditions applicable to any particular 
Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the 
event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes 
which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms and which will be subordinated Notes 
only. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available for viewing and copies may be 
obtained from Akcinė bendrovė Šiaulių bankas at Tilžės str. 149, Šiauliai, Lithuania, and 
Šeimyniškių str. 1A, Vilnius, Lithuania. 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, delegated or 
implementing acts, regulatory or implementing technical standards, rules, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy and/or minimum requirement for own 
funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity then in effect in Lithuania 
including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD, the SRM Regulation, 
BRRD, the Creditor Hierarchy Directive and those regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies relating to capital adequacy and/or minimum requirement for own funds and 
eligible liability and/or loss absorbing capacity and any other regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect of the Competent 
Authority, the Relevant Resolution Authority or any other national or European Union 
authority from time to time, and then in effect (whether or not such requirements, 
guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally 
or specifically to the Issuer); 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU as the same may be amended or replaced from time 
to time, including without limitation, by the Creditor Hierarchy Directive and Directive 
(EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 
98/26/EC; 
"Business Day" means a TARGET Settlement Day;  
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in 
the relevant Final Terms and it will have the Following Business Day Convention 
meaning;

--- Page 36 ---
- 27 - 
 
"Calculation Agent" means the Issuer, the Issuer Agent or such other Person specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest 
and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Capital Event"" means the determination by the Issuer, after consultation with the 
Competent Authority, that a change in Lithuanian law or Applicable Banking Regulations 
or any change in the official application or interpretation thereof becoming effective on or 
after the Issue Date (including as a result of the implementation or applicability in 
Lithuania of CRD on or after the Issue Date) which change was not reasonably foreseeable 
by the Issuer as at Issue Date, has resulted or would be likely to result in the outstanding 
aggregate principal amount of the relevant Series of Notes being fully, or partially, 
excluded from inclusion in the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer, on a solo or consolidated basis, 
(other than as a result of any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital as 
applicable to the Issuer) in the essence of CRR;  
"Competent Authority" means any authority having primary responsibility for the 
prudential supervision of the Issuer at the relevant time. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the Competent Authority is the ECB. However, the importance of the Bank 
and prudential requirements may change and the Competent Authority may be the BoL; 
"Conditions to Redemption" means the Conditions to Redemption set out in Condition 
6(i) (Conditions to Redemption or Repurchase) or as otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"CRD" means the legislative package consisting of the CRD Directive, the CRR and any 
CRD Implementing Measures; 
"CRD Directive" means Directive 2013/36/EU, as the same may be amended or replaced 
from time to time, including without limitation as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/878 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019; 
"CRD Implementing Measures" means any regulatory capital rules or regulations, or 
other requirements, which are applicable to the Issuer and which prescribe (alone or in 
conjunction with any other rules or regulations) the requirements to be fulfilled by 
financial instruments for their inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer (on a solo or 
consolidated basis, as the case may be) to the extent required by the CRD Directive or the 
CRR, including for the avoidance of doubt any regulatory technical standards released by 
the European Banking Authority (or any successor or replacement thereof); 
"Creditor Hierarchy Directive" means Directive (EU) 2017/2399 or any equivalent 
legislation that supersedes or replaces it; 
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, as the same may be amended or replaced 
from time to time (including as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of May 20, 2019) or similar laws in Lithuania); 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period 
of time (the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms and if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, 
means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular 
Period during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum 
of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of

--- Page 37 ---
- 28 - 
 
(1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the next Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year;  
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period 
is calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding 
the last day of the Calculation Period; 
"Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed 
to the first following day that is a Business Day;  
"Group" means the Issuer and its consolidated Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; 
"Initial Rate of Interest" means the initial rate of interest specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as 
may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means any date or dates specified as such in, or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day 
Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms, as the same may be adjusted in 
accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next 
Interest Payment Date; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Law on Banks" means the Law on Banks of the Republic of Lithuania; 
"Mandatory Provision of Law" means any amendments, updates and/or modifications 
to the ECBA or any other applicable legislation passed after the date hereof by or on behalf 
of the Republic of Lithuania or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein 
or thereof having power to make such amendment, update and/or modification, which 
impacts the Issuer’s obligations in relation to the Notes; 
"Material Subsidiary" means: 
(a) 
on the basis of the most recent audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer, any 
Subsidiary whose total consolidated assets represent at least 10 per cent. of the 
total consolidated assets of the Issuer; or 
(b) 
whose total consolidated revenues represent at least 10 per cent. of the total 
consolidated revenues of the Issuer; or 
(c) 
any other Subsidiary to which is transferred either (A) all or substantially all of 
the assets of another Subsidiary which immediately prior to the transfer was a 
Material Subsidiary or (B) sufficient assets of the Issuer that such Subsidiary

--- Page 38 ---
- 29 - 
 
would have been a Material Subsidiary had the transfer occurred on or before the 
date of the most recent audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer, and 
a report by the auditors to the Issuer that in their opinion a Subsidiary is or is not or was 
or was not at any particular time a Material Subsidiary shall, in the absence of manifest 
error, be conclusive and binding on all parties; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered 
rates for the fixed leg payable with (and converted if necessary to) a frequency equivalent 
to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes during 
the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate 
payments in the Specified Currency of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction 
in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset 
Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date and (ii) is in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market; 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate 
per annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to 
Condition 5(c) (Reset Note Provisions), either: 
(i) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the rate for 
swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(ii) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the arithmetic 
mean (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and 
offered swap rate quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the 
Specified Currency on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, provided however that, if there is no such rate appearing on the 
Relevant Screen Page for a term equal to the relevant Reset Period, then the Mid-Swap 
Rate shall be determined through the use of straight–line interpolation by reference to two 
rates, one of which shall be determined in accordance with the above provisions, but as if 
the relevant Reset Period were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter 
than the length of the actual Reset Period and the other of which shall be determined in 
accordance with the above provisions, but as if the relevant Reset Period were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the actual Reset Period; 
"MREL Disqualification Event" means the whole or any part of the outstanding 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes at any time is not included in, ceases or (in the 
opinion of the Issuer) will cease to count towards the Issuer’s or the Group’s eligible 
liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity (in each case for the purposes of, and in 
accordance with, the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations); provided that an MREL 
Disqualification Event shall not occur if such whole or part of the outstanding aggregate

--- Page 39 ---
- 30 - 
 
principal amount of the Notes is not included in, ceases or (in the opinion of the Issuer) 
will cease to count towards such eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity due to 
the remaining maturity of such Notes being less than the minimum period prescribed by 
the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"MREL Disqualification Event Effective Date" means the date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or such earlier date as may be permitted under the Applicable Banking 
Regulations; 
"Noteholder" has the meaning given in Condition 3(b)(Denomination, Title and Transfer 
- Title to Notes); 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of 
interest payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated 
or determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant 
Final Terms;  
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) or such other amount in 
the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" means four major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the 
interbank market that is most closely connected with the Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotation; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement 
Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
from and including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest 
Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which 
any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first 
Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to 
but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls other than the 
Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information 
service (including, without limitation, Bloomberg or Reuters) specified as the Relevant 
Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may 
replace it on that information service or such other information service, in each case, as 
may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there 
for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Mid-Swap Rate;

--- Page 40 ---
- 31 - 
 
"Reset Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reset Determination Date" means in respect of the Reset Period, no later than the 
second Business Day prior to the Reset Date, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reset Determination Time" means in relation to a Reset Determination Date, 11.00 a.m. 
in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on such Reset Determination 
Date or such other time as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reset Note" means a Note on which interest is calculated at reset rates payable in arrear 
on a fixed date or dates in each year and/or at intervals of one, two, three, six or 12 months 
or at such other date or intervals as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
dealer(s) (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms); 
"Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the Reset Date until the Maturity 
Date or date of any final redemption. 
"Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of the  Reset Period and subject to Condition 
5(c) (Reset Note Provisions), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the 
First Margin; 
"Relevant Resolution Authority" means the resolution authority with the ability to 
exercise any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer and/or the 
Group; 
"Senior Creditors" means creditors of the Issuer (i) who are depositors and/or other 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer and whose claims by law rank senior to the claims of the 
Noteholders of the Notes; or (ii) who are subordinated creditors of the Issuer (whether in the 
event of the winding-up, insolvency or bankruptcy of the Issuer or otherwise) other than those 
whose claims by law rank, or by their terms are expressed to rank, pari passu with or junior to 
the claims of the Noteholders of the Notes;  
"Specified Currency" means Euro (EUR); 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"SRM Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No 806/2014, as the same may be amended 
or replaced from time to time; 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular time, 
any other Person (the "second Person"): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, 
whether by ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove 
members of the governing body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally 
accepted accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was 
launched on 19 November 2007; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the 
settlement of payments in euro; 
"Tier 2 Capital" means tier 2 capital for the purposes of the Applicable Banking 
Regulations; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty of the Functioning of the European Union, as amended.

--- Page 41 ---
- 32 - 
 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, 
any additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under 
Condition 8 (Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any other 
amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(ii) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in 
respect of interest which may be payable under Condition 8 (Taxation) and any 
other amount in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; and  
(iii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning 
given in the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such 
meaning or specifies that such expression is "not applicable" then such 
expression is not applicable to the Notes. 
3. 
Denomination, Title, Issue Price, Transfer and Underwriting  
(a) 
Denomination: Notes are in the Specified Denomination of EUR 100,000 and integral 
multiples of EUR 1,000 in excess as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Title to Notes: The title to the Notes will pass to the relevant investors when the respective 
entries regarding the ownership of the Notes are made in their securities accounts. 
Therefore, a "Noteholder" means the person in whose name such securities account is 
opened. 
(c) 
Issue Price: The Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or a 
premium to their nominal amount (the "Issue Price"). The Issue Price shall be determined 
by the Issuer and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The yield of each Tranche set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated as of 
the relevant Issue Date on an annual basis using the relevant Issue Price. It is not an 
indication of future yield. 
(d) 
Transfers of Notes: The Notes are freely transferrable. Notes subscribed and paid for 
shall be entered to the respective book-entry securities accounts of the subscriber(s) on a 
date set out in the Final Terms in accordance with the Lithuanian legislation governing 
the book-entry system and book-entry accounts as well as the Nasdaq CSD Rules.  
(e) 
No charge: The transfer of a Note will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the 
Issuer. However, the investors may be obliged to cover expenses which are related to the 
opening of securities accounts with credit institutions or investment brokerage firms, as 
well as commissions which are charged by the credit institutions or investment brokerage 
firms in relation to the execution of the investor’s purchase or selling orders of the Notes, 
the holding of the Notes or any other operations in relation to the Notes. The Issuer and/or 
the Dealer will not compensate the Noteholders for any such expenses. 
(f) 
Underwriting: None of the Tranches of Notes will be underwritten. 
4. 
Status of the Notes  
(a) 
The Notes that qualify as Tier 2 Capital constitute direct, subordinated and unsecured and 
unguaranteed obligations of the Issuer which will at all times rank pari passu without any 
preference among themselves. The Notes that do not qualify as Tier 2 Capital constitute 
direct, subordinated and unsecured and unguaranteed obligations of the Issuer which will 
at all times rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. 
(b) 
In the event of the winding-up, insolvency or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the rights and 
claims (if any) of holders of any Notes to payments of the outstanding principal amount 
and any other amounts in respect of the Notes (including any accrued but unpaid interest 
amount or damages or other payments awarded for breach of any obligations under these 
Conditions, if any are payable) shall:

--- Page 42 ---
- 33 - 
 
(A) 
be subordinated to the claims of all Senior Creditors of the Issuer; 
(B) 
rank at least pari passu with the claims of all subordinated creditors of 
the Issuer which in each case by law rank, or by their terms are 
expressed to rank (to the extent such ranking is recognised by applicable 
law), pari passu with the Notes; and 
(C) 
rank senior to any obligations of the Issuer which in each case by law 
rank, or by their terms are expressed to rank (to the extent such ranking 
is recognised by applicable law), junior to the Notes of the Issuer (if 
any). 
(c) 
The rights of Noteholders of the Notes shall be subject to any present or future Lithuanian 
laws or regulations relating to the insolvency, recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms in Lithuania which are or will be applicable to the Notes 
only as a result of the operation of such laws or regulations. 
(d) 
No Noteholder of the Notes shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off or 
counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of such Notes. 
Notwithstanding the provision of the foregoing sentence, if any amounts owed by the 
Issuer to any Noteholder in connection with the Notes is discharged by Set-off, such 
Noteholder shall, where permitted by applicable law, immediately pay an amount equal 
to the amount discharged to the Issuer (or, in the event of its winding-up, insolvency 
and/or bankruptcy, to the liquidator or other relevant insolvency official (as the case may 
be and to the extent applicable)) and, until such time as payment is made, shall hold an 
amount equal to such amount discharged on behalf and for the benefit of the Issuer (or 
the liquidator or other relevant insolvency official of the Issuer) and accordingly not deem 
any such discharge to have taken place. 
"Set-off" means set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy and, if 
"Set Off" is used as a verb in these Conditions, it shall be construed accordingly.  
 
5. 
Interest  
(a) 
Application: This Condition 5 (Interest) is applicable to all Notes issued under these 
Conditions as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the 
Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 7 (Payments to the Noteholders). Each Note will cease to bear interest from 
the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the 
Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to 
bear interest in accordance with this Condition 5 (as well after as before judgment) until 
the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or 
on behalf of the relevant Noteholder.  
(c) 
Reset Note Provisions 
This Condition 5(c) is always applicable to the Notes. Such Notes shall bear interest on 
their outstanding principal amount: 
(i) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms until (but excluding) the Reset Date at the rate per annum equal to 
the Initial Rate of Interest; and 
(ii) 
from (and including) the Reset Date until the Maturity Date at the rate per annum 
equal to the Reset Rate of Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (subject to adjustment as described in Condition 5(a)) and on the Maturity 
Date. The Rate of Interest shall be determined by the Calculation Agent, in the case of the

--- Page 43 ---
- 34 - 
 
Rate of Interest, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined. 
If on any Reset Determination Date, the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-
Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Calculation Agent shall 
request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market 
Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately 12 (noon) in the principal financial centre of the 
Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date in question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market 
Swap Rate Quotations or the Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset 
Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 
per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the relevant Mid-Market Swap 
Rate Quotations and the First Margin (as applicable), all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Reset Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest. 
6. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the 
Notes will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject 
as provided in Condition 7 (Payments to the Noteholders). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer, 
subject to Condition 6(i) (Conditions to Redemption or Repurchase), in whole, but not in 
part at any time on giving not less than 30 (thirty) nor more than 60 (sixty) days’ notice to 
the Noteholders, or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant final terms 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount, together with 
interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) 
(i) 
a Withholding Tax Event occurs; or 
(ii) 
where "Tax Event" is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Term, a Tax Event occurs; 
and 
(B) 
both a Tax Certificate and a Tax Opinion have been delivered to the 
Issuing Agent by the Issuer. 
However, where the Issuer would be obliged to pay additional amounts, 
no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: (i) where the 
Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 (ninety) days (or such other 
period as may be specified in the relevant final terms) prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts 
if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due; or (ii) where the Notes 
may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 (sixty) days (or 
such other period as may be specified in the relevant final terms) prior to 
the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if 
a payment in respect of the Notes were then due. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 6(b), 
the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this 
Condition 6(b).

--- Page 44 ---
- 35 - 
 
(C) 
For the purpose of this Condition 6(b): 
"Change in Tax Law" means any: 
(i) 
amendment to, clarification of, or change in, the laws or 
regulations of any Taxing Jurisdiction; or 
(ii) 
governmental action in the Taxing Jurisdiction; 
(iii) 
amendment to, clarification of, or change in, the official position 
or the interpretation of such law, treaty (or regulations 
thereunder) or governmental action or any interpretation, 
decision or pronouncement that provides for a position with 
respect to such law, treaty (or regulations thereunder) or 
governmental action that differs from the theretofore generally 
accepted position, in each case, by any legislative body, court, 
governmental authority or regulatory body in the Taxing 
Jurisdiction, irrespective of the manner in which such 
amendment, change, action, pronouncement, interpretation or 
decision is made known; 
(D) 
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is 
incorporated at the relevant time. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the Relevant Jurisdiction is the Republic of Lithuania; 
(E) 
"Tax Certificate" means a certificate signed by the Issuer stating that 
the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a 
statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of 
the Issuer so to redeem have occurred; 
"Tax Event" shall occur if, as a result of any Change in Tax Law of the 
Taxing Jurisdiction, which becomes effective or is announced on or after 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series of Notes: 
(i) 
the Issuer is, or will be, subject to additional taxes, duties or 
other governmental charges with respect to such Notes as the 
case may be; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer is not, or will not, be entitled to claim a deduction in 
respect of payments in respect of such Notes as the case may be 
in computing its taxation liabilities (or the value of such 
deduction would be materially reduced); 
"Taxing Jurisdiction" means the Relevant Jurisdiction or any political 
subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having 
power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision thereof 
or any authority or agency therein or thereof, having power to tax in 
which the Issuer is treated as having a permanent establishment, under 
the income tax laws of such jurisdiction; 
(F) 
"Tax Opinion" means an opinion of independent legal advisers 
(experienced in such matters and of recognised standing) in the relevant 
Taxing Jurisdiction stating that the circumstances constituting the Tax 
Event or Withholding Tax Event (as the case may be) are prevailing; 
and 
(G) 
"Withholding Tax Event" shall occur if the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in 
Condition 8 (Taxation) as a result of any Change in Tax Law, which 
change, clarification or amendment becomes effective on or after the 
date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes, and such obligation

--- Page 45 ---
- 36 - 
 
cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to 
it. 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer after 
5 years have passed from the Issue Date of the Notes, subject to Condition 6(i) (Conditions 
to Redemption or Repurchase), in whole but not in part at their outstanding aggregate 
principal amount together with interest (accrued to but excluding the date of redemption), 
on Optional Redemption Date (Call) the Issuer’s giving not less than 30 (thirty) nor more 
than 60 (sixty) days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the date fixed for redemption). 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: No redemption at the option of Noteholders is 
permitted for the Notes. 
(e) 
Early Redemption of Notes as a result of Capital Event: If "Early redemption pursuant 
to a Capital Event" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable to a Series 
of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, upon the occurrence of a Capital Event in respect of any 
such Notes (but subject to Condition 6(i) (Conditions to Redemption or Repurchase)), the 
Issuer may, at its option having given not less than 15 (fifteen) days' nor more than 30 
(thirty) days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) (which 
notice shall be irrevocable and delivery thereof shall oblige the Issuer to make the 
redemption therein specified), redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes at their 
outstanding aggregate principal amount together with interest (accrued to but excluding 
the date of redemption, subject to these Conditions).  
(f) 
Early Redemption of Notes as a result of an MREL Disqualification Event: If "Early 
redemption pursuant to an MREL Disqualification Event" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable to a Series of the Notes, upon the occurrence of an MREL 
Disqualification Event in respect of any such Notes (but subject to Condition 6(i) 
(Redemption and Purchase - Conditions to Redemption or Repurchase)), the Issuer may 
at any time after the MREL Disqualification Event Effective Date, at its option having 
given not less than 15 (fifteen) days' nor more than 30 (thirty) days' notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable 
and delivery thereof shall oblige the Issuer to make the redemption therein specified), 
redeem all (but not some only) of the relevant Series of such Notes at their outstanding 
aggregate principal amount (or such other redemption amount as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms together with interest (accrued to but excluding the date of 
redemption, subject to these Conditions). 
(g) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than 
as provided in paragraphs 6(a) (Scheduled redemption) to (f)6  (Early Redemption of Notes 
as a result of an MREL Disqualification Event) above. 
(h) 
Purchase: The Issuer, or any of its Subsidiaries, may at any time purchase the Notes in 
the open market or otherwise and at any price, provided that any such purchases will be 
made in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations and subject to the prior 
approval of or permission from the Competent Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution 
Authority (in each such case to the extent such approval is then required under the 
Applicable Banking Regulations). Such Notes may be held, resold or surrendered by the 
purchaser through the Issuer for cancellation. Notes held by or for the account of the Issuer 
or any of its Subsidiaries for their own account will not carry the right to vote at the 
Noteholders’ Meetings or within Written Procedures and will not be taken into account in 
determining how many Notes are outstanding for the purposes of these Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. 
Any refusal by the Competent Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority (if 
required) to grant its approval or permission as described above will not constitute an event 
of default under the relevant Notes.

--- Page 46 ---
- 37 - 
 
(i) 
Conditions to Redemption or Repurchase: Other than in the case of a redemption at 
maturity in accordance with Condition 6(a) (Scheduled redemption), the Issuer may 
redeem or repurchase relevant Notes (and give notice thereof to the Noteholders) only if 
such redemption or repurchase is in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations 
and it has been granted the permission of the Competent Authority, provided that at the 
relevant time such permission is required (but without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the Noteholders). 
Note – for the permission of the Competent Authority to be issued, the following 
conditions shall be met: 
(i) 
on or before such redemption or repurchase of the Notes, the Issuer replaces the 
Notes with own funds instruments or eligible liabilities instruments (as applicable) 
of an equal or higher quality on terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that its 
own funds and eligible liabilities would, following such redemption or repurchase, 
exceed the requirements under the Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin 
that (in the case of Tier 2Subordinated Notes, save as provided below) the 
Competent Authority may consider necessary; or 
(iii) 
in the case of redemption (before 5 years after the issue date of the last Tranche) 
of any Series of such Tier 2 Subordinated Notes: 
(A) 
the conditions listed in sub-paragraph (i) or (ii) above are met; and 
(B) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Capital Event, (i) the 
Competent Authority considers such change to be sufficiently certain and 
(ii) the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority 
that the Capital Event was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of the 
issuance of the Notes; or 
(C) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a taxation reason 
pursuant to Condition 6(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), the Issuer 
demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that such 
change in tax treatment is material and was not reasonably foreseeable at 
the time of issuance of the Notes; or 
(D) 
before or at the same time of such redemption or repurchase, the Issuer 
replaces the Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality 
at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity and the Competent 
Authority has permitted that action on the basis of the determination that 
it would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by 
exceptional circumstances; or 
(E) 
the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes are repurchased for market making 
purposes, 
(the "Conditions to Redemption"). 
Any refusal by the Competent Authority to grant its permission as described above will 
not constitute an event of default under the relevant Notes. 
7. 
Payments to the Noteholders 
(a) 
Payments: Payments of amounts (whether principal, interest or otherwise, including on 
the final redemption) due on the Notes will be made to the Noteholders thereof, as 
appearing in Nasdaq CSD on the 3rd (third) Business Day preceding the due date for such 
payment (the "Record Date")). Payment of amounts due on the final redemption of the 
Notes will be made simultaneously with deletion of the Notes. The Noteholders shall not 
be required to provide any requests to redeem the Notes, as upon Maturity Date of the 
Notes, the nominal value thereof with the cumulative interest accrued shall be transferred

--- Page 47 ---
- 38 - 
 
to the accounts indicated by the Noteholders without separate requests/requirements of the 
Noteholders. As of that moment the Issuer shall be deemed to have fully executed the 
obligations, related to the Notes and their redemption, disregarding the fact, whether the 
Noteholder actually accepts the funds or not. In case requisites of the account of the 
Noteholder changes, he/she/it shall have an obligation to promptly inform the Company 
thereof.  
(b) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all 
cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but 
without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation). No commissions or 
expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments by the Issuer. 
However, the investors may be obliged to cover commissions and/or other expenses, 
which are charged by the credit institutions or investment brokerage firms in relation to 
such payments. The Issuer and/or the Dealer will not compensate the Noteholders for any 
such expenses. 
(c) 
Payments on Business Days: If the due date for payment of the final redemption amount 
of the Notes is not a Business Day, the Noteholder thereof will not be entitled to payment 
thereof until the next following Business Day and no further payment shall be due in 
respect of such delay save in the event that there is a subsequent failure to pay in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions. 
(d) 
Partial payments: If a partial payment is made in respect of any Note, the Issuer shall 
procure that the amount and date of such payment are noted on the Nasdaq CSD. 
8. 
Taxation 
Gross up: All interest payments in the case of the Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer shall 
be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any 
present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Republic of 
Lithuania or any political subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or 
governmental charges is required by law. In that event, in respect of interest, the Issuer 
shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders after such 
withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been received by them had no 
such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall 
be payable in respect of mere holding of any Note, under the terms and conditions laid out 
in paragraph below. 
In that event, in respect of interest, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will 
result held by or on behalf of a Holder, which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges in respect of such interest by reason of it having certain 
connection with the jurisdiction other than the Republic of Lithuania due to or in 
connection with which such taxes, duties, assessments or charges have been imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than due to or in connection with the mere 
holding of the Note, of such amounts as would have been held by that Holder had no such 
taxes, duties, assessments or charges been required. Nevertheless, neither the Issuer nor 
any other person will be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of any 
withholding that is or will be required pursuant to FATCA or IGA (as described under 
“Taxation – FATCA”) with respect to payments on the Notes. 
(a) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction 
other than the Republic of Lithuania, references in these Conditions to the Republic of 
Lithuania shall be construed as references to the Republic of Lithuania and/or such other 
jurisdiction. 
9. 
Events of Default 
This Condition 9 is applicable in relation to any Series of the Notes.

--- Page 48 ---
- 39 - 
 
(a) 
If any of the following events occur: 
(i) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal or other redemption 
amount due in respect of the Notes for more than 10 (ten) Business Days or fails 
to pay any amount of interest in respect of the Notes for more than 10 (ten) 
Business Days; or 
(ii) 
Winding-up, etc.: if any order is made by any competent court or resolution 
passed for the winding up or dissolution of the Issuer, save for the purposes of 
reorganisation on terms previously approved by the Noteholders’ Meeting or 
within Written Procedure, 
the Noteholder of any Note may: 
(x) 
(in the case of 9(a)(i) above) institute insolvency proceedings, including for the 
winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer, in each case, in Lithuania and not 
elsewhere, and prove or claim in the winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer; 
and/or 
(y) 
(in the case of 9(a)(ii) above) prove or claim in the insolvency proceedings, 
including winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer, whether in Lithuania or 
elsewhere and instituted by the Issuer itself or by a third party, 
but (in either case) the Noteholder of such Note may claim payment in respect of the Note 
only in the winding up or dissolution of the Issuer. 
(b) 
In any of the events or circumstances described in Condition 9(a)(ii) (Winding-up, etc.) 
above, the Noteholder of any Note may, by notice to the Issuer, declare such Note to be 
due and payable, and such Note shall accordingly become due and payable at its 
outstanding principal amount together with accrued interest to the date of payment but 
subject to such Holder only being able to claim payment in respect of the Note in the 
winding up or dissolution of the Issuer. 
(c) 
The Noteholder may at its discretion institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may 
think fit to enforce any obligation, condition, undertaking or provision binding on the 
Issuer under the Notes (other than, without prejudice to Conditions 9(a)and 9(b) and any 
obligation for the payment of any principal or interest in respect of the Notes) provided 
that the Issuer shall not by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings be obliged to 
pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it, 
except with the prior approval of the Competent Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution 
Authority (in either case, if such approval is then required under the Applicable Banking 
Regulations). 
(d) 
No remedy against the Issuer, other than as provided in Conditions9(a), 9(b)and 9(c)above, 
shall be available to the Holders of Notes, whether for the recovery of amounts owing in 
respect of the Notes or in respect of any breach by the Issuer of any of its obligations or 
undertakings with respect to the Notes. 
10. 
Noteholders’ Meeting and Procedure in Writing  
Important note: Following Article 3(2) of the Law on the Protection of Interests of 
Owners of Bonds issued by Public and Private Companies of the Republic of Lithuania 
(in Lithuanian – Lietuvos Respublikos akcinių bendrovių ir uždarųjų akcinių bendrovių 
obligacijų savininkų interesų gynimo įstatymas) and taking into consideration that the 
offering of Notes under this Base Prospectus will always comply with the requirements 
established in Article 1(4) (a), (c) and (d) of the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, 
the indicated Lithuanian law shall not be applicable to the Notes, issued under this Base 
Prospectus, including without limitation the requirement to appoint a trustee of 
noteholders, provisions, related to initiation, convocation and holding noteholders 
meetings, etc. Accordingly, the Meetings of Noteholders and respective provisions in 
connection therewith, as described in this Base Prospectus below, do not meet the 
requirements of and are not regulated by the Law on the Protection of Interests of Owners

--- Page 49 ---
- 40 - 
 
of Bonds issued by Public and Private Companies of the Republic of Lithuania (in 
Lithuanian – Lietuvos Respublikos akcinių bendrovių ir uždarųjų akcinių bendrovių 
obligacijų savininkų interesų gynimo įstatymas). 
(a) 
General provisions: The decisions of the Noteholders (including decisions on 
amendments to these Terms and Conditions Notes or the Final Terms of the relevant 
Series or granting of consent or waiver) shall be passed at a meeting of the Noteholders 
(the "Noteholders’ Meeting") or in writing without convening the Noteholders’ Meeting 
(the "Written Procedure") at the choice of the Issuer. 
The Issuer shall have a right to convene the Noteholders’ Meeting or instigate the Written 
Procedure at any time and shall do so following a written request from the Noteholders 
who, on the day of the request, represent not less than 1/10 (one-tenth) of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes or of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes of the relevant Series (as applicable) (excluding the Issuer and its 
Subsidiaries). 
In case convening of the Noteholders’ Meeting or instigation of the Written Procedure is 
requested by the Noteholders, the Issuer shall be obliged to convene the Noteholders’ 
Meeting or instigate the Written Procedure within 1 (one) month after receipt of the 
respective Noteholders’ written request. 
Only those who were registered as the Noteholders by the end of the 6th (sixth) Business 
Day prior to convening the Noteholders’ Meeting or instigation of the Written Procedure 
or proxies authorised by such Noteholders, may exercise their voting rights at the 
Noteholders’ Meeting or in the Written Procedure.  
If the Issuer and/or its Subsidiaries are the Noteholders, their principal amount of the Notes 
will be excluded when a quorum is calculated. 
(b) 
Quorum: Quorum at the Noteholders’ Meeting or in respect of the Written Procedure only 
exists if (i) at least 2 (two) or more persons representing at least 50 (fifty) per cent or (ii) 
one Noteholder holding 100 (one hundred) per cent of the principal amount of the Series 
of Notes outstanding are present in the meeting or provide replies in the Procedure in 
Writing. 
If quorum does not exist at the Noteholders’ Meeting or in respect of the Written Procedure, 
the Issuer can convene an adjourned Noteholders’ Meeting or instigate a second Written 
Procedure, as the case may be, on a date no earlier than 14 (fourteen) days and no later 
than 28 (twenty-eight) days after the original meeting at a place to be determined by the 
Issuer.  
The adjourned Noteholders’ meeting constitutes a quorum, if (i) at least 2 (two) or more 
persons representing at least 10 (ten) per cent or (ii) one Noteholder holding 100 (one 
hundred) per cent of the principal amount of the Series of Notes outstanding are present 
in the meeting or provide replies in the Procedure in Writing. 
The notice of the adjourned meeting or, in the Procedure in Writing, information regarding 
the extended time for replies, must be given in the same manner as the notice of the original 
meeting or the Procedure in Writing. The notice must also include the requirements for a 
constitution of a quorum.  
The voting rights of the Noteholders will be determined on the basis of the principal amount of the Notes 
held. 
(c) 
Noteholders decisions: A Noteholders’ Meeting or a Procedure in Writing may, at the 
request of the Issuer, make decisions that are binding on the Noteholders on:  
(i) 
any amendments to the terms and conditions of the relevant Series of Notes, and 
(ii) 
a temporary waiver regarding the terms and conditions of the relevant Series of 
Notes.

--- Page 50 ---
- 41 - 
 
The consent of Noteholders representing at least 75 (seventy-five) per cent of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes attending the Noteholders’ Meeting 
or participating in the Written Procedure will be required to make any amendments to the 
terms and conditions of the relevant Series of Notes, including: 
(iii) 
change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, 
to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of the 
Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of 
the Notes or the date for any such payment, to change the currency of any payment 
under the Notes; or 
(iv) 
change Clause 4 (Status of the Notes), Clause 9 (Events of Default) or Clause 15 
(Governing Law and Jurisdiction); or 
(v) 
change the quorum requirements of the Noteholders’ Meeting or Procedure in 
Writing; and/or 
(vi) 
change the majority required for the decisions of the Noteholders’ Meeting or 
Procedure in Writing. 
Consent of simple majority (more than 50 (fifty) per cent) of all Noteholders or the 
Noteholders of the respective Series (as applicable) attending the Noteholders’ Meeting 
or participating in the Written Procedure is required for a temporary waiver regarding the 
terms and conditions of the relevant Series of Notes.  
Notes held by or for the account of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries for their own 
account will not carry the right to vote at the Noteholders’ Meetings and will not be taken 
into account in determining how many Notes are outstanding for the purposes of these 
Conditions of the Base Prospectus. 
The Noteholders’ Meeting and the Procedure in Writing can authorise a named person to 
take any necessary actions to enforce the decisions of the Noteholders’ Meeting or the 
Procedure in Writing.  
A matter decided at the Noteholders’ Meeting or the Procedure in Writing is binding on 
all Noteholders of the relevant Series of Notes, irrespective of whether they were present 
at the Noteholders’ Meeting or participated in the Procedure in Writing. Decisions made 
at the Noteholders’ Meeting or in the Procedure in Writing are deemed to have been 
received by the Noteholders of the relevant Series at the time (i) they have been entered 
in the issue account maintained by Nasdaq CSD, or (ii) notified to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 12 (Notices), provided that a failure to do so shall not invalidate 
any decision made or voting result achieved. In addition, the Noteholders are obliged to 
notify subsequent transferees of the Notes of the resolutions of the Noteholders’ meeting 
and the Procedure in Writing.  
A notice to Nasdaq CSD must be given on (i) the convening of a Noteholders’ Meeting or 
the request for a Procedure in Writing, and (ii) on their resolutions made in accordance 
with Nasdaq CSD Rules.  
All expenses in relation to the convening and holding the Noteholders' Meeting or a 
Written Procedure shall be covered by the Issuer. 
(d) 
Meetings of Noteholders: If a decision of the Noteholders is intended to be passed at the 
Noteholders’ Meeting, then a respective notice of the Noteholders’ Meeting shall be 
provided to the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 12 (Notices) no later than 10 (ten) 
Business Days prior to the meeting. Furthermore, the notice shall specify the time, place 
and agenda of the meeting, as well as any action required on the part of the Noteholders 
that will attend the meeting. No matters other than those referred to in the notice may be 
resolved at the Noteholders’ Meeting. 
The Noteholders’ Meeting shall be held in Vilnius, Lithuania, and its chairman shall be 
the Issuer’s representative appointed by the Issuer.

--- Page 51 ---
- 42 - 
 
The Noteholders’ Meeting shall be organised by the chairman of the Noteholders’ Meeting. 
The Noteholders’ Meeting shall be held in English with translation into Lithuanian, unless 
the Noteholders present in the respective Noteholders’ Meeting unanimously decide that 
the respective Noteholders’ Meeting shall be held only in Lithuanian or English. 
Representatives of the Issuer and persons authorised to act for the Issuer may attend and 
speak at the Noteholders’ Meeting. 
Minutes of the Noteholders’ Meeting shall be kept, recording the day and time of the 
meeting, attendees, their votes represented, matters discussed, results of voting, and 
resolutions which were adopted. The minutes shall be signed by the keeper of the minutes, 
which shall be appointed by the Noteholders’ Meeting. The minutes shall be attested by 
the chairman of the Noteholders’ Meeting, if the chairman is not the keeper of the minutes, 
as well as by one of the persons appointed by the Noteholders’ Meeting to attest the 
minutes. The minutes from the relevant Noteholders’ Meeting shall at the request of a 
Noteholder be sent to it by the Issuer.  
(e) 
Written Procedure: If a decision of the Noteholders is intended to be passed by the 
Written Procedure, then a respective communication of the Written Procedure shall be 
provided to the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 12 (Notices). Communication to 
the Noteholders shall include:  
(i) 
each request for a decision by the Noteholders;  
(ii) 
a description of the reasons for each request;  
(iii) 
a specification of the Business Day on which a person must be registered as a 
Noteholder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights;  
(iv) 
instructions and directions on where to receive a form for replying to the request 
(such form to include an option to vote “yes” or “no” for each request), as well as 
a form of a power of attorney; 
(v) 
the stipulated time period within which the Noteholder must reply to the request 
(such time period to last at least 10 (ten) Business Days from the communication 
pursuant to paragraph (i) above) and a manner of a reply; and 
(vi) 
a statement that if the Noteholder does not reply to the request in the stipulated 
time period, then it shall be deemed that the Noteholder has voted against each 
request. 
When the requisite majority consents have been received in a Written Procedure, the 
relevant decision shall be deemed to be adopted even if the time period for replies in the 
Written Procedure has not yet expired.  
(f) 
Minor modification: The Notes and these Conditions may be amended by the Issuer 
without the consent of the Noteholders to correct a manifest error or is to comply with 
Mandatory Provision of Law. In addition, the Issuer shall have a right to amend the 
technical procedures relating to the Notes in respect of payments or other similar matters 
without the consent of the Noteholders, if such amendments are not prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders. 
11. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders, create and issue further 
notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except 
for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes.

--- Page 52 ---
- 43 - 
 
12. 
Notices 
Noteholders shall be advised of matters relating to the Notes by a notice published in English and 
Lithuanian on the Issuer‘s website at www.sb.lt as well as on www.nasdaqbaltic.com and in 
Central Regulated Information Base (www.crib.lt). Any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
received by the Noteholders when published in the manner specified in this Section.  
 
13. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), all percentages resulting from such calculations will 
be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 
0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.). 
14. 
Substitution and Variation 
If at any time a Capital Event, MREL Disqualification Event, Withholding Tax Event or Tax Event 
occurs, or to ensure the effectiveness or enforceability of Condition 16 (Acknowledgement of Bail-
in and Loss Absorption Powers), the Issuer may, subject to the Applicable Banking Regulations 
(without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders), and having given not 
less than 30 (thirty) nor more than 60 (sixty) days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), at any time either: 
(a) 
substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes for new Notes, which are Qualifying 
Securities; or 
(b) 
vary the terms of the Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying 
Securities, 
provided that, in each case: 
(i) 
such variation or substitution does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to 
redeem the varied or substituted securities; and 
(ii) 
such variation or substitution would not itself directly lead to a downgrade in any 
of the credit ratings of the Notes as assigned to such Notes by any Rating Agency 
immediately prior to such variation or substitution (unless any such downgrade is 
solely attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 
(Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers); and 
(iii) 
such variation or substitution is not materially less favourable to holders (unless 
any such prejudice is solely attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 16 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers)). 
For the avoidance of doubt, any such substitution or variation shall not be deemed to be a 
modification or amendment for the purposes of Condition 10 (Noteholders’ Meeting and 
Procedure in Writing). 
Any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 14 is subject to the Issuer obtaining 
prior written consent of the Competent Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority (in 
each such case to the extent such approval is then required under the Applicable Banking 
Regulations) and complying with the rules of any competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system by or on which the Notes are, for the time being, listed, traded and/or quoted. 
For the purpose of this Condition 14, a variation or substitution shall be "materially less 
favourable to holders" if such varied or substituted securities do not: 
(i) 
include a ranking at least equal to that of the Notes pursuant to Condition 4 (Status 
of the Notes), as applicable; 
(ii) 
have the same interest rate and the same interest payment dates as those from time 
to time applying to the Notes;

--- Page 53 ---
- 44 - 
 
(iii) 
have equivalent redemption rights as the Notes; 
(iv) 
have the same currency of payment, maturity, denomination and original 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount as the Notes prior to such variation or 
substitution; 
(v) 
preserve any existing rights under the Notes to any accrued interest which has not 
been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the interest payment date 
last preceding the date of substitution or variation; or 
(vi) 
have a listing on a recognised stock exchange if the Notes were listed immediately 
prior to such variation or substitution; and 
"Qualifying Securities" mean securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that contain 
terms which at such time result in such securities being eligible to qualify towards the Issuer's 
eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity, in each case for the purposes of, and in 
accordance with, the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations to at least the same extent as the 
Notes prior to the relevant Capital Event or Withholding Tax Event. 
15. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes are governed by Lithuanian law. 
(b) 
Courts of the Republic of Lithuania: The courts of the Republic of Lithuania have 
exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a "Dispute") arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes (including any non-contractual obligation arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes). 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts of the Republic of Lithuania are the 
most appropriate and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will 
not argue to the contrary. 
(d) 
Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside the Republic of Lithuania: 
Notwithstanding Condition 15(b) (Courts of the Republic of Lithuania), any Noteholder 
may take proceedings relating to a Dispute (the "Proceedings") in any other courts with 
jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by applicable law, Noteholders may take concurrent 
Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
16. 
Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any Noteholder (which, for the purposes of 
this Condition 16, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes), by its acquisition of 
the Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising under the Notes 
may be subject to the exercise of such Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers as may be exercised by 
the Relevant Resolution Authority and acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound 
by: 
(a) 
the effect of the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, which exercise (without limitation) may include and result in some 
or any of the following, or a combination thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; 
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes 
into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, 
and the issue to or conferral on the Noteholder of such shares, securities or 
obligations, including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of 
the terms of the Notes;

--- Page 54 ---
- 45 - 
 
(iii) 
the cancellation of the Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; 
and 
(iv) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the 
amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which interest becomes 
payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(b) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority. 
"Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers" means any loss absorption, write-down, 
conversion, transfer, modification, suspension or similar or related power existing from 
time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, the SRM Regulation, or any laws, 
regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Republic of Lithuania, relating to (i) the 
transposition of the BRRD and (ii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, 
as applicable, pursuant to which any obligation of the Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) 
can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period). 
"Relevant Amounts" means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with 
any accrued but unpaid interest and additional amounts due on the Notes. References to 
such amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not 
been paid, prior to the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority. 
"Relevant Resolution Authority" means the resolution authority with the ability to 
exercise any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer and/or the Group.

--- Page 55 ---
- 46 - 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF SUBORDINATED NOTES 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The  Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, 
the "PRIIPs Regulation" for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.  
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS: The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA")and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA which were relied on immediately before exit day to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and Eligible counterparties only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II (as 
amended); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]  
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes 
is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes should take into 
consideration the manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to UK 
MiFIR is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer‘s target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]

--- Page 56 ---
- 47 - 
 
Final Terms dated [•] 
AKCINĖ BENDROVĖ ŠIAULIŲ BANKAS 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] Subordinated Notes 
EUR 100,000,000 
Subordinated Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [•] [and the supplemental Base Prospectus dated 
[date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of 
the Prospectus Regulation. [This document constitutes the Final Terms of Subordinated Notes 
described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with 
the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all relevant information.] 
The Base Prospectus is available for viewing on the website of AB Nasdaq Vilnius Stock Exchange 
("Nasdaq Vilnius") (https://nasdaqbaltic.com/) and is also available at Akcinė bendrovė Šiaulių bankas 
website https://sb.lt/ as well as at the website of the Central Regulated Information Base www.crib.lt. 
Copies may also be obtained from the registered office of Akcinė bendrovė Šiaulių bankas, as well as 
from its office at the address Šeimyniškių str. 1A, Vilnius, the Republic of Lithuania. 
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which 
case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
[•] 
2. 
[(i) 
Series Number: 
[•]] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•]] 
3. 
Specified Currency: 
Euro (EUR) 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[•] 
 
[(i) 
[Series]: 
[•]] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [•]] 
6. 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] [and integral multiples of [•] in excess thereof].  
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[•]/[Issue Date] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[•]

--- Page 57 ---
- 48 - 
 
9. 
Rate of Interest: 
Fixed Reset Notes 
 
 
In respect of the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Optional 
Redemption Date: 
 
 
[•] per cent. Initial Rate of Interest  
 
 
In respect of the period from (and including) the Optional 
Redemption Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date: 
 
 
[•] year Mid-Swap Rate + [•] bps  
 
 
(see paragraph 13 below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal amount.] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
(See paragraph 14/15 below) 
12. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Subordinated Notes 
 
(ii) 
Date Board approval for 
issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
[[•] and [•], respectively]/[Not Applicable] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST PAYABLE 
13.  
(i)  
Initial Rate of Interest: 
The Initial Rate of Interest is [•] per cent. per annum 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
 
(ii) 
First Margin: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
 [•] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date [[in 
each case,] subject to adjustment in accordance with 
paragraph 19 below] 
 
(iv) 
Reset Date: 
[•] [subject to adjustment in accordance with paragraph 19] 
 
(v) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
(vi) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate] / [Mean Mid-Swap Rate] 
 
(vii) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[•] 
 
(viii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
 
(ix) 
Reset Determination 
Date: 
[•] 
 
(x) 
Reset Determination 
Time: 
[•] 
 
(xi) 
Business Day 
Convention: 
Following Business Day Convention

--- Page 58 ---
- 49 - 
 
 
(xii) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Issuer] / [Issuer Agent] / [•] 
 
(xiii) 
Other terms relating to 
Reset Notes: 
Not Applicable / [•] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
14. 
Call Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
Reset Date 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[[•] per cent. per Nominal Amount]  
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Early redemption 
following a Tax Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Early redemption 
following a Capital 
Event 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Early redemption 
following an MREL 
Disqualification Event 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
MREL Disqualification 
Event Effective Date 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
15. 
Put Option 
Not Applicable 
16. 
Final Redemption Amount of 
each Note 
[•] per cent. per Nominal Amount 
17. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Nominal Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or 
on event of default or other early 
redemption: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
18. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes shall be issued in non-material registered form. 
According to the Law on Markets in Financial Instruments 
of the Republic of Lithuania the book-entry and accounting 
of the dematerialized securities in the Republic of Lithuania, 
which will be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market 
(Nasdaq Vilnius), shall be made by Nasdaq CSD. Entity to 
be in charge of keeping the records will be the Issuer. The 
Notes shall be valid from the date of their registration until 
the date of their redemption. No physical certificates will be 
issued to the Investors. Principal and interest accrued will be 
credited to the Noteholders’ accounts through Nasdaq CSD.  
19. 
Substitution 
and 
Variation 
pursuant to Condition 14: 
[Applicable following a [Capital Event / MREL 
Disqualification Event / Withholding Tax Event / Tax 
Event]] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 59 ---
- 50 - 
 
Signed on behalf of [name of the Issuer]: 
 
By:  ........................................................................... 
Duly authorised 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Admission to Trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the Regulated 
Market on the Bond List of Nasdaq Vilnius with expected 
date of Admission on or about [•].] / [Application is expected 
to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to 
be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market on the Bond 
List of Nasdaq Vilnius with expected date of Admission on 
or about [•].] 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
[•] 
2. 
RATINGS 
[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected] to be 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to 
Notes of this type issued under the Programme generally]/ 
[Not Applicable]: 
 
Ratings: 
[Moody's Investors Service: [•]] 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA/ the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EC)No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "CRA Regulation").] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the statement below:) 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Manager/Dealer], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Manager/Dealer] and 
their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and [its] 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
 
 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price, if the Issuer were to pay interest on each Interest 
Payment Date up to and including the Reset Date and were

--- Page 60 ---
- 51 - 
 
to redeem the Notes on the Reset Date. It is not an indication 
of future yield.] 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[•] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free] of payment 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
 
(A) 
Names 
of 
Dealers 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(B) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s), 
if 
any: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name 
of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg S Compliance Category [2]; 
 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA 
and 
UK 
Retail 
Investors: 
Applicable

--- Page 61 ---
- 52 - 
 
HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF 
THE ISSUER 
The following table is a summary of the Issuer’s financial performance and key performance indicators for 
the financial years ended 31 December 2022, 31 December 2021, as well as for a 3-month period ended 
31 March 2023, and, accordingly, for a period ended 31 March 2022. The information set out in the table 
below has been extracted (without any material adjustment) from and is qualified by reference to and should 
be read in conjunction with the Issuer’s audited financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2022, 
31 December 2021, as well as for a 3-month period ended 31 March 2023 and, accordingly, for a period 
ended 31 March 2022, which are incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus and form an integral 
part hereof (please see Section Information incorporated by reference). The Issuer’s annual and 
quarterly financial statements are prepared according to International Financial Reporting Standards 
(IFRS).  
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income of the Group for a 3-month period ended 
31 March 2023 and 31 March 2022 as well as years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021  
CONDENSED INCOME STATEMENT 
EUR thousand 
31 March 
2023 
31 March 
2022 
31 December 
2022 
31 December 
2021 
Continuing operations  
 
 
 
  
Interest revenue calculated using 
the effective interest method  
39,941 
22,572 
107,650 
83,035 
Other similar income  
4,263 
2,552 
12,041 
8,861 
Interest 
expense 
and 
similar 
charges  
(8,769) 
(3,098) 
(12,910) 
(10,979) 
Net interest income  
35,435 
22,026 
106,781 
80,917 
  
  
  
 
  
Fee and commission income  
6,331 
6,313 
26,295 
24,617 
Fee and commission expense  
(1,784) 
(1,810) 
(7,593) 
(7,457) 
Net fee and commission income  
4,547 
4,503 
18,702 
17,160 
  
  
  
 
  
Net gain from trading activities  
2,926 
(102) 
4,354 
11,936 
Net gain (loss) from derecognition 
of financial assets  
266 
138 
1,034 
4,363 
Net gain (loss) from disposal of 
tangible assets  
638 
205 
810 
3,736 
Revenue 
related 
to 
insurance 
activities  
2,578 
2,195 
9,298 
8,137 
Other operating income  
146 
581 
1,658 
1,310 
Salaries and related expenses  
(8,804) 
(7,508) 
(31,583) 
(27,105) 
Depreciation 
and 
amortization 
expenses  
(1,346) 
(1,109) 
(4,848) 
(4,440)

--- Page 62 ---
- 53 - 
 
EUR thousand 
31 March 
2023 
31 March 
2022 
31 December 
2022 
31 December 
2021 
Expenses 
related 
to 
insurance 
activities  
(3,272) 
121 
(2,763) 
(8,032) 
Other operating expenses  
(5,778) 
(3,921) 
(21,968)
(16,643)
Operating 
profit 
before 
impairment losses  
27,336 
17,129 
81,475 
71,339 
  
 
  
 
  
Allowance for impairment losses on 
loans, finance lease receivables and 
other assets  
(2,762) 
(2,672) 
(4,945) 
(4,077) 
 
 
 
 
 
Allowance for impairment losses on 
investments in subsidiaries  
- 
- 
- 
- 
Share of the profit or loss of 
investments 
in 
subsidiaries 
accounted for using the equity 
method  
- 
- 
- 
- 
  
 
 
 
  
Profit from continuing operations 
before income tax  
24,574 
14,457 
76,530 
67,262 
  
  
  
 
  
Income tax expense  
(5,421) 
(3,000) 
(12,916) 
(12,039) 
  
  
  
 
  
Net 
profit 
from 
continuing 
operations for the period  
19,153 
11,457 
63,614 
55,223 
  
  
  
 
  
Profit (loss) from discontinued 
operations, net of tax  
- 
- 
- 
- 
  
  
  
 
  
Net profit for the period  
19,153 
11,457 
63,614 
55,223 
  
  
  
 
 
Net profit attributable to:  
  
  
 
  
Owners of the Bank  
19,153 
11,457 
63,614 
55,223 
From continuing operations  
19,153 
11,457 
63,614 
55,223 
From discontinued operations  
- 
- 
- 
- 
Non-controlling interest  
- 
- 
- 
- 
  
  
  
 
 
Basic earnings per share (in EUR 
per share) attributable to owners of 
the Bank  
0.03 
0.02 
0.11 
0.09 
  
 
 
 
  
Diluted earnings per share (in EUR 
per share) attributable to owners of 
the Bank  
0.03 
0.02 
0.11 
0.09

--- Page 63 ---
- 54 - 
 
EUR thousand 
31 March 
2023 
31 March 
2022 
31 December 
2022 
31 December 
2021 
STATEMENT OF 
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 
  
 
  
Net profit for the period  
19,153 
11,457 
63,614 
55,223 
  
 
  
 
  
Other 
comprehensive 
income 
(loss):  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
Items that may be subsequently 
reclassified to profit or loss:  
 
  
 
  
Gain from revaluation of financial 
assets 
717 
(2,996) 
(9,393) 
(1,211) 
Deferred income tax on gain (loss) 
from revaluation of financial assets  
(143) 
599 
1,879 
240 
  
  
  
 
 
Items that may not be subsequently 
reclassified to profit or loss:  
  
  
 
 
Fair value changes of financial 
liabilities at fair value through profit 
or loss attributable to changes in 
their credit risk  
- 
- 
- 
- 
  
  
  
 
 
Other 
comprehensive 
income 
(loss), net of deferred tax  
574 
(2,397) 
(7,514) 
(971) 
  
  
  
 
 
Total comprehensive income for 
the year  
19,727 
9,060 
56,100 
54,252 
  
  
  
 
 
Total 
comprehensive 
income 
attributable to:  
  
  
 
 
Owners of the Bank  
19,727 
9,060 
56,100 
54,252 
Non-controlling interest  
- 
 —   
- 
—   
 
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position of the Issuer as of 31 March 2023 and 31 March 2022 as 
well as 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 
EUR thousand 
31 March 
2023 
31 March 
2022 
31 December 
2022 
31 December 
2021 
 
 
 
 
 
ASSETS 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents 
363,329 
837,202 
384,758 
965,723 
Securities in the trading 
book 
60,029 
48,797 
58,301 
48,181 
Due from other banks 
2,733 
100 
2,733 
1,196 
Derivative financial 
instruments 
818 
1,918 
897 
2,121

--- Page 64 ---
- 55 - 
 
EUR thousand 
31 March 
2023 
31 March 
2022 
31 December 
2022 
31 December 
2021 
Loans to customers 
2,440,832 
2,010,831 
2,391,629 
1,908,681 
Finance lease receivables 
250,099 
200,150 
242,448 
195,174 
Investment securities at fair 
value 
80,146 
88,772 
90,225 
82,988 
Investment securities at 
amortized cost 
982,399 
704,974 
969,033 
705,398 
Investments in subsidiaries 
and associates 
100 
- 
100 
- 
Intangible assets 
8,659 
5,403 
8,283 
4,834 
Property, plant and 
equipment 
16,196 
14,547 
16,151 
14,760 
Investment property 
1,017 
2,211 
1,827 
2,229 
Current income tax 
prepayment 
2,469 
2,363 
6 
847 
Deferred income tax asset 
4,547 
2,438 
5,659 
1,593 
Assets held for sale 
150 
170 
150 
620 
Other assets 
17,276 
28,853 
12,331 
28,137 
Total assets 
4,230,799 
3,948,729 
4,184,531 
3,962,482 
 
 
 
 
 
LIABILITIES 
 
 
 
 
Due to other banks and 
financial institutions 
693,802 
714,982 
685,075 
697,738 
Derivative financial 
instruments 
2,038 
834 
7,152 
96 
Due to customers 
2,804,060 
2,636,433 
2,784,968 
2,679,183 
Special and lending funds 
8,647 
6,487 
14,184 
6,667 
Debt securities in issue 
172,765 
95,709 
171,231 
95,212 
Current income tax 
liabilities 
8,946 
3,096 
4,374 
1,084 
Deferred income tax 
liabilities 
1,368 
1,468 
1,463 
1,452 
Liabilities related to 
insurance activities 
41,608 
39,930 
39,313 
41,409 
Liabilities related to assets 
classified as held for sale 
53,776 
56,286 
35,075 
33,214 
Other liabilities 
3,787,010 
3,555,225 
3,742,835 
3,556,055 
Total liabilities 
693,802 
714,982 
685,075 
697,738 
 
 
 
 
 
EQUITY 
 
 
 
 
Share capital 
174,211 
174,211 
174,211 
174,211 
Share premium 
3,428 
3,428 
3,428 
3,428

--- Page 65 ---
- 56 - 
 
EUR thousand 
31 March 
2023 
31 March 
2022 
31 December 
2022 
31 December 
2021 
Treasury shares (-) 
(1,868) 
(2,073) 
- 
(516) 
Reserve capital 
756 
756 
756 
756 
Statutory reserve 
47,796 
37,113 
37,113 
21,893 
Financial instruments 
revaluation reserve 
(7,523) 
(2,980) 
(8,097) 
(583) 
Reserve for acquisition of 
own shares 
20,000 
20,000 
20,000 
10,000 
Other equity 
2,508 
3,288 
2,355 
3,288 
Retained earnings 
204,481 
159,762 
211,930 
193,950 
Non-controlling interest 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
  
 
  
 
Total equity 
443,789 
393,504 
441,696 
406,427 
 
 
 
 
 
Total liabilities and equity 
4,230,799 
3,948,729 
4,184,531 
3,962,482 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Group’s statement of changes in equity

--- Page 66 ---
- 57 - 
 
EUR thousand 
Share 
capital 
Share 
premium 
Treasury 
shares (-
) 
Reserve 
capital 
Financial 
instruments 
revaluation 
reserve 
Statutory 
reserve 
Reserve 
for 
acqui-
sition 
of own 
shares 
Other 
equity 
Retained 
earnings 
Total 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1 January 2021 
174,211 
3,428 
- 
756 
388 
14,427 10,000 2,359 149,497 
355,066 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transfer to statutory reserve 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
7,466 
- 
- 
(7,466) 
- 
Acquisition of own shares 
- 
- 
(516) 
- 
- 
- 
(234) 
- 
- 
(750) 
Share-based payment 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
234 
929 
- 
1,163 
Payment of dividends 
  
  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(3,304) 
(3,304) 
Total comprehensive income: 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(971) 
- 
- 
- 
55,223 
54,252 
Net profit 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
55,223 
55,223 
Other comprehensive income 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(971) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(971) 
31 December 2021 
174,211 
3,428 
(516) 
756 
(583) 
21,893 10,000 3,288 193,950 
406,427 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transfer to statutory reserve 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
15,220 
- 
- (15,220) 
- 
Transfer to reserve for acquisition of own shares 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 10,000 
- (10,000) 
- 
Acquisition of own shares 
- 
- 
(1,557) 
- 
- 
- 
(234) 
- 
- 
(1,791) 
Share-based payment 
- 
- 
2,073 
- 
- 
- 
234 (933) 
11 
1,385 
Payment of dividends 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- (20,425) 
(20,425) 
Total comprehensive income: 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(7,514) 
- 
- 
- 
63,614 
56,100 
Net profit 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
63,614 
63,614 
Other comprehensive income 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(7,514) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(7,514) 
31 December 2022 
174,211 
3,428 
- 
756 
(8,097) 
37,113 20,000 2,355 211,930 
441,696 
 
 
 
 
 
 
EUR thousand 
Share capital 
Share premium 
Treasury shares (-) 
Reserve capital 
Financial instruments 
revaluation reserve 
Statutory reserve 
Reserve for acquisition of 
own shares 
Other equity 
Retained earnings 
Total 
Non-controlling interest 
Total equity 
  
 
Attributable to the Issuer’s shareholders 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
1 January 2022 
174,211 
3,428 (516) 
756 (583) 
21,893 10,000 3,288 193,950 406,427 - 
406,427 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Transfer to/from 
statutory reserve 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
15,220 - 
- 
(15,220) - 
- 
- 
Transfer to reserve for 
acquisition of own shares - 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
10,000 - 
(10,000) - 
- 
- 
Acquisition of own 
shares 
- 
- 
(1,557) - 
- 
- 
(234) 
- 
- 
(1,791) 
- 
(1,791) 
Share-based payment 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
234 
- 
- 
234 
- 
234 
Payment of dividends 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(20,425) (20,425) - 
(20,425) 
Total comprehensive 
income 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(2,397) - 
- 
- 
11,457 
9,060 
- 
9,060 
31 March 2022 
174,211 
3,428 (2,073) 756 (2,980) 37,113 20,000 3,288 159,762 393,505 - 
393,505 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Share-based payment 
- 
- 
2,073 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(933) 11 
1,151 
- 
1,151

--- Page 67 ---
- 58 - 
 
EUR thousand 
Share capital 
Share premium 
Treasury shares (-) 
Reserve capital 
Financial instruments 
revaluation reserve 
Statutory reserve 
Reserve for acquisition of 
own shares 
Other equity 
Retained earnings 
Total 
Non-controlling interest 
Total equity 
  
 
Attributable to the Issuer’s shareholders 
  
Total comprehensive 
income 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(5,117) - 
- 
- 
52,157 
47,040 
- 
47,040 
31 December 2022 
174,211 
3,428 - 
756 (8,097) 37,113 20,000 2,355 211,930 441,696 - 
441,696 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Transfer to statutory 
reserve 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
10,683 - 
- 
(10,683) - 
- 
- 
Acquisition of own 
shares 
- 
- 
(1,868) - 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(1,868) 
- 
(1,868) 
Share-based payment 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
153 
- 
153 
- 
153 
Payment of dividends 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(15,919) (15,919) - 
(15,919) 
Total comprehensive 
income 
- 
- 
- 
- 
574 
- 
- 
- 
19,153 
19,727 
- 
19,727 
31 March 2023 
174,211 
3,428 (1,868) 756 (7,523) 47,796 20,000 2,508 204,481 443,789 - 
443,789

--- Page 68 ---
- 59 - 
 
KEY FINANCIAL RATIOS AND ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES OF THE 
ISSUER 
This document includes certain data which the Issuer considers to constitute alternative performance 
measures (APMs) for the purposes of the European Securities Markets Authority (ESMA) Guidelines on 
Alternative Performance Measures. These include Average equity, Return on equity, Average assets, 
Return on assets, Average interest earning assets, Net interest margin, Cost/Income ratio, Credit Impairment 
ratio, Loans to customers, Deposits from customers, Loans/Deposits ratio. Gross impaired loans vs Gross 
Loans (NPL ratio). 
These APMs are not defined by, or presented in accordance with, IFRS. The APMs are unaudited and are 
not measurements of the Issuer's operating performance under IFRS and should not be considered as 
alternatives to any measures of performance under IFRS or as measures of the Issuer's liquidity. 
The Issuer believes that the below measures provide useful information to investors for the purposes of 
evaluating the financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer, the quality of its assets and the 
fundamentals of its business. However, the Issuer's use and method of calculation of APMs may vary from 
other companies' use and calculation of such measures. 
It should be noted that APMs are calculated for a 3-month period ended 31 March 2023 and 31 March 2022, 
as well as years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 for the Group. 
  
31 
March 
2023 
31 
March 
2022 
31 
December 
2022 
31 
December 
2021 
Net profit, EUR million 
19.2 
11.5 
63.6 
55.2 
Average total assets, EUR million 
4,092.9 
3,719.6 
4,022.3 
3,529.8 
Unaudited return on average assets (ROAA), %  
1.9 
1.2 
1.6 
1.6 
Average total equity, EUR million  
430.2 
394.0 
417.6 
386.7 
Unaudited return on average equity (ROAE), %  
17.8 
11.6 
15.2 
14.3 
Unaudited cost to income ratio, %  
41.3 
42.0 
42.9 
44.1 
Unaudited cost to income ratio (adjusted due to the 
impact of the SB draudimas clients’ portfolio), %  
39.7 
45.4 
43.2 
42.8 
  
  
  
  
  
Unaudited price to book (P/BV) value ratio  
0.9 
1.0 
0.9 
1.1 
Unaudited price/Earnings (P/E) indicator of the Group  
5.3 
8.7 
6.5 
8.3 
Dividends to net profit, %  
- 
- 
25 
37 
Dividend yield, %  
- 
- 
3.9 
4.5 
Loan to deposit ratio, %  
96.0 
83.9 
94.6 
78.6

--- Page 69 ---
- 60 - 
 
Description of Issuer’s alternative performance measures  
Performance measure  
Formula and components used for the 
calculation:  
Interpretation 
Return 
on 
average 
assets 
(ROAA), %  
Net profit for the year / Average total 
assets*100 
Net profit for the year – presented in the 
income statement*;   
Average 
total 
assets – 
calculated 
as 
an average of the total assets (presented in 
statement of financial position) for the last 
four quarters. 
* Note: Net profit is converted to annual by 
multiplying it by a coefficient according to the 
financial reporting period, i.e., net profit for 
Q1 is multiplied by 4, net profit for H1 is 
multiplied by 2, profit for three quarters 
multiplied by 4/3  
The ratio shows the 
percentage return the 
Issuer 
earns 
from 
assets. The higher the 
ratio, the more efficient 
use of assets 
Return 
on 
average 
equity 
(ROAE), %  
Net profit for the year / Average total 
equity*100 
Net profit for the year – presented in the 
income statement*;  
Average 
total 
equity – 
calculated 
as 
an average of the total equity (presented in 
statement of financial position) for the last 
four quarters. 
*Note: Net profit is converted to annual by 
multiplying it by a coefficient according to the 
financial reporting period, i.e., net profit for 
Q1 is multiplied by 4, net profit for H1 is 
multiplied by 2, profit for three quarters 
multiplied by 4/3.  
The ratio shows the 
percentage return the 
Issuer earns 
from 
equity. Higher ROAE 
ratio is considered as 
better 
Cost to income ratio, %  
Operating costs / Operating income*100*(-1) 
Operating costs (which is a total of income 
statement 
lines):  
+ Salaries 
and 
related 
expenses;  
+ Depreciation and amortization expenses;  
+ Expenses related to insurance activities;  
+ Other 
operating 
expenses.  
Operating income (which is a total of income 
statement 
lines):  
+ Net 
interest 
income;  
+ Net 
fee 
and 
commission 
income;  
+ Net 
gain 
from 
trading 
activities;  
+ Net gain (loss) from derecognition of 
financial 
assets;  
+ Net gain (loss) from disposal of tangible 
assets;  
+ Revenue related to insurance activities;  
+ Other operating income.  
The ratio indicates the 
amount of cost used to 
earn 
one 
euro 
of 
income. Lower cost to 
income 
ratio 
is 
considered as better 
Cost to income ratio (adjusted 
due to the impact of the 
Operating costs (adjusted due to the impact of 
the 
SB draudimas clients’ portfolio) 
/ 
Operating income (adjusted due to the impact 
The indicator shows the 
cost spent per euro of 
income, eliminating the 
impact 
of

--- Page 70 ---
- 61 - 
 
Performance measure  
Formula and components used for the 
calculation:  
Interpretation 
SB draudimas clients’ portfolio), 
%  
of 
the 
SB draudimas clients’ 
portfolio) 
*100*(-1) 
 Operating costs (which is a total of income 
statement 
lines):  
+ Salaries 
and 
related 
expenses;  
+ Depreciation and amortization expenses;  
+ Expenses related to insurance activities;  
+ Other 
operating 
expenses;  
- Part of the change of the technical insurance 
provisions that covers the result of investment 
of 
assets 
under 
unit-linked 
contracts 
{presented 
in 
the 
notes 
of 
financial 
statements}  
Operating income (which is a total of income 
statement 
lines):  
+ Net 
interest 
income;  
+ Net 
fee 
and 
commission 
income;  
+ Net 
gain 
from 
trading 
activities;  
+ Net gain (loss) from derecognition of 
financial 
assets;  
+ Net gain (loss) from disposal of tangible 
assets;  
+ Revenue related to insurance activities;  
+ Other 
operating 
income;  
- Investment result of the insurance company 
assets under unit-linked contracts {presented 
in the notes of financial statements}  
   
SB draudimas customer 
portfolio on both the 
cost and income side. A 
lower value of the 
indicator 
shows 
the 
efficiency / ability of 
the 
company 
to 
generate higher income. 
The 
influence 
of 
SB draudimas customer 
portfolio is eliminated 
because in aggregate it 
is always zero: the 
investment result of the 
assets under unit-linked 
contracts is identical, 
only with the opposite 
sign reflected on the 
cost side as part of the 
change 
in 
technical 
insurance 
provisions. 
Adding 
identical 
amounts to income / 
expenses, depending on 
the direction of market 
changes, 
significantly 
distorts the values of the 
cost-income ratio, this 
elimination 
allows 
better comparison of 
them in the time entry 
Price to book (P/BV) value ratio  Share price / Book value per share  
  
Share price – presented on Nasdaq Vilnius 
stock 
exchange;  
Book value per share – calculated as ratio 
between total equity of the Bank (statement 
of financial position) and number of shares 
(annual report).  
The ratio indicates the 
price investors pay for 
one euro of total equity 
Price/Earnings (P/E) indicator of 
the Group  
Share 
price 
/ 
Earnings 
per 
share 
Share 
last price – 
presented on 
Nasdaq 
Vilnius 
stock 
exchange;  
Earnings per share – presented in the income 
statement.  
The price-earnings ratio 
indicates 
the 
price 
investors pay for one 
euro 
of 
the Issuer’s 
earnings 
Dividends to net profit, %  
Amount of dividends per share / Earnings per 
share*100 
  
Amount of dividends paid per share – 
presented in explanatory notes to the financial 
statements;  
Earnings per share – presented in the income 
statement.  
The ratio indicates the 
share 
of Issuer’s 
earnings 
that 
is 
distributed in a form of 
dividends 
Dividend yield, %  
Amount of dividends per share / Share 
price*100 
The ratio indicates level 
of 
return 
that 
is

--- Page 71 ---
- 62 - 
 
Performance measure  
Formula and components used for the 
calculation:  
Interpretation 
Amount of dividends paid per share – 
presented in explanatory notes to the financial 
statements;  
Share price – presented on Nasdaq Vilnius 
stock exchange.  
generated 
from 
dividends 
Loan to deposit ratio, %  
Loans / Deposit;  
Loans – Sum of amounts of loans granted to 
customers and receivables from Financial 
Lease (presented in the statement of financial 
position);  
Deposits – Amounts 
due 
to 
customers 
(presented in the statement of financial 
position).  
  
The indicator compares 
issued loans to accepted 
deposits, showing the 
Issuer’s liquidity. A 
higher value of the 
indicator indicates that 
the Issuer is in a higher 
risk area 
Cost of risk (CoR), % 
Allowance for impairment losses on loans / 
Average Loan portfolio*100 
Allowance for impairment losses on loans - 
sum of allowance for impairment losses on 
loans and finance lease (presented in the notes 
of financial statements). 
Average Loan portfolio – calculated as a 
average of the total loans and finance lease 
(presented in statement of financial position) 
for the last four quarters. 
The ratio indicates the 
loan portfolio's risk. 
The Issuer does not publish performance measures related to future reporting periods in its regulated 
information disclosures.

--- Page 72 ---
- 63 - 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Series of the Notes will be used for the general banking and other 
corporate purposes of the Issuer, including but not limited to meet mandatory minimum requirement on 
equity and eligible liabilities for the Issuer at the consolidated level.

--- Page 73 ---
- 64 - 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Background of the Issuer  
The Issuer is the consistently growing financial institution in Lithuanian market, paying special attention 
to business financing and consumer financing solutions. The Issuer serves its clients in 56 client service 
units in 37 cities and towns throughout Lithuania.   
The Issuer was registered as a public company in the Enterprise Register of the Republic of Lithuania on 
4 February 1992. The Issuer is licensed by the Bank of Lithuania to perform all banking operations provided 
for in the Law on Banks and the Articles of Association of the Bank. The Group of the Issuer 
also includes Subsidiaries, which operate in the fields of leasing, life insurance and real estate.  
As of 1 January 2020, the ECB has included the Issuer in the list of the directly supervised banks operating 
in the euro area member states. The ECB granted the Issuer the status of a significant Lithuanian financial 
institution.  
Over the year 2022, the Issuer has been recognised both in Lithuania and abroad. The Banker, a magazine 
published by the British business daily The Financial Times, has announced that the award for the best bank 
in Lithuania has once again gone to the Issuer. In awarding the Best Bank in Lithuania award, The Banker’s 
experts highlighted the Issuer’s achievements in client service. Another important assessment was revealed 
by the results of a mystery shopper survey commissioned by Dive Lietuva, which showed that the Issuer is 
the best in Lithuania in terms of face-to-face client service. The Issuer achieved a 100% face-to-face client 
service quality indicator, the best result among the six banks participating in the survey and 3.4 percentage 
points ahead of the banking sector average of 96.6%. According to Dive Lietuva, the Issuer has been ranked 
among the top three best-serving banks in Lithuania for the last six years when mystery shopper surveys 
have been carried out (since 2017). 
All the shares of the Issuer are listed and traded on a Regulated Market on Nasdaq Vilnius Main List. In 
addition to that, its subordinated bonds with a total nominal value of EUR 20,000,000 (ISIN 
LT0000404287; redemption date – 23 December 2029), qualifying as Tier 2 capital, as well as restricted 
senior preferred notes with a total nominal value of EUR 160,000,000 (ISIN LT0000405771; redemption 
date – 7 October 2025), are listed and traded on Nasdaq Vilnius Bond List. 
Dividend payment history of the Issuer for the last 5 years: 
Dividends for the 
financial year 
 
Percentage of 
nominal value 
Dividends per share, 
EUR 
Total dividends, EUR 
2022 
9,14 
0,0265 
 15 919 246 
2021 
11.72 
0.0340 
20,424,693 
2020 
1.90 
0.0055 
3,303,994 
2019 
0 
0 
0 
2018 
10.00 
0.029 
17,421,064 
The Issuer is also an active broker on the Nasdaq Baltic market, which is a member of all three stock 
exchanges – Vilnius, Riga and Tallinn and a participant in the Central Depository Nasdaq CSD, SE (the 
merged central securities depository of Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia and Iceland, “Nasdaq CSD”).  
Information about the Issuer  
Table 1: Key information about the Issuer  
Legal and commercial name of the Issuer  
Akcinė bendrovė Šiaulių bankas and Šiaulių bankas AB 
respectively  
Legal form of the Issuer  
Public limited liability company  
Place of registration of the Issuer (registered 
office)  
Tilžės str. 149, Šiauliai, Lithuania  
Corporate ID code of the Issuer  
112025254

--- Page 74 ---
- 65 - 
 
LEI  
549300TK038P6EV4YU51  
Legislation under which the Issuer operates  
The laws of the Republic of Lithuanian  
Date of incorporation of the Issuer  
4 February 1992  
Operating period  
Indefinite  
Telephone number  
+370 41 595 607  
E-mail  
info@sb.lt   
Website  
www.sb.lt The information on the website does not form 
part of the Prospectus, unless certain information is 
incorporated by reference into the Prospectus (please see 
Section Information Incorporated by Reference)  
Business Overview  
The Issuer accepts deposits, issues loans, makes money transfers and documentary settlements, exchanges 
currencies for its clients, issues and processes debit and credit cards, is engaged in trade finance in investing 
and trading in securities, as well as performs other activities set forth in the Law on Banks and the Articles 
of Association.  
The key area of the Issuer’s activities is focused on lending to small and medium-sized business (SME). 
The Issuer actively uses various financial engineering instruments that enable it to finance businesses that 
would not be able to access conventional credit, thus contributing to their growth. During the COVID-19 
pandemic, the Issuer actively participated in all measures aimed at supporting businesses, and the Issuer is 
the bank which has issued the largest number of such loans in Lithuania. Of all the banks operating in 
Lithuania, the Issuer has the largest number of products with European Union instruments, which are 
administered by Uždaroji akcinė bendrovė “INVESTICIJŲ IR VERSLO GARANTIJOS” (INVEGA), 
currently participating in reorganisation: a shared risk facility for SME financing, various portfolio 
guarantees for SME loans, factoring and leasing. 
Strong partnership and close cooperation relate the Issuer with Lithuanian (INVEGA, Uždaroji akcinė 
bendrovė Viešųjų investicijų plėtros agentūra (VIPA), under reorganisation) and international financial 
institutions such as European Investment Bank (EIB), Council of Europe Development Bank (CEB), 
Northern Investment Bank (NIB), European Investment Fund (EIF) and others. 
Core Business Activities 
The aim of the Bank is to be the financing products leader in Lithuanian market. While pursuing it the Bank 
focuses on four key lending areas – corporate financing, consumer financing, housing mortgage financing 
and multi-apartment building modernization financing. 
In order to support the core business areas, the Bank also provides daily banking and saving & investing 
services. 
The Bank’s target customers and their use of services: 
• Private: remaining 40+-year-old residents of major cities and regional centres with archetypes: “Thrifty”, 
“Following the Leaders”, who care about the quality of life of their loved ones. 
• Meanwhile Business: small and medium-sized enterprises in need of additional financial instruments 
which require investment (purchase of equipment, attraction of employees), with collateral and growing 
traditional business, showing the need for additional financial instruments in need of investment (purchase 
of equipment, attraction of employees) with collateral. 
Business and Private Clients Financing  
The Issuer offers a wide range of banking products and services for private and small and medium-sized 
business clients, including financing, mortgage, energy-efficient projects financing, cash management, 
leasing products (vehicles, heavy equipment and other assets, which are movable in their nature and 
therefore suitable for being financed by leasing) and trade finance. The products offered include loans as

--- Page 75 ---
- 66 - 
 
well as credit facilities adapted to meet the customers’ needs. Real estate loans are primarily aimed at public 
and private developers, home builders and commercial real estate companies. In the recent period the Issuer 
has kept its focus on supporting Issuer’s lending relations with an aim to ensure quality of loan portfolio, 
as well as on the quality of customer service and on improving relations with customers by keeping close 
direct contact with customers.  
Daily banking  
The Issuer in recent years is increasing its market share and the number of clients who use not only 
financing services, but also daily banking services.   
The Issuer’s customers are increasingly using the main banking services: daily banking service plans, 
payment cards, making transfers, therefore:  
• 
more than 23 thousand new private and corporate clients started using the Issuer’s services in 
2022, bringing the total number of clients to 337 thousand; 
• 
number of active customers makes up about 52% of the total number of customers;  
• 
the number of service plan users accounts for 56% of the total number of customers 56% of 
business and 56% of private customers have service 17 plans);  
• 
the number of payment card users accounts for 52% of the total number of customers.   
Every year more than 15 thousand new customers start using the Issuer’s services, most of which become 
active users of banking services.  
The Issuer has two groups of customer service channels: a physical network of branches and e-channels, 
which aim to offer customers fast, professional and high-quality service.   
Currently, the Issuer’s network of physical branches is the widest in the country. This allows the Issuer to 
take a strong position in serving customers who are still not active users of e-channels: the number 
of internet bank and mobile app users is 69% of all customers 55% are active internet banking and mobile 
app users).  
E-channels include: internet banking, mobile application, remote customer service centre activities. The 
development of the new version of the internet bank was completed in the year 2022. Its functions are 
developed in parts, primarily in order to transfer the functions of the existing internet bank, which already 
completed. New functions development in the year 2021 was initiated. The new internet bank is focused 
on ensuring a better user experience and digitization of services, enabling customers to manage the services 
provided by the Issuer, as well as increasing sales of services by enabling them to purchase services 
independently, without additional actions of the Issuer’s employees. In the year 2022 19% of ordered 
services was completed digitally. Also, an update of mobile application was introduced in October 2020, 
which ensures not only faster access to daily banking services (faster and more modern login), but also 
more convenient use of basic services (account review and payments) and was further developed in 2022. 
The aim is for both the younger and older generations to have access to basic banking services via mobile 
phones. 
Saving and Investing  
The Issuer provides deposit services for its customers and the Group is mainly financed by the clients’ 
deposits from Lithuanian markets. Access to new sources of funding now is available as the Issuer has the 
permission to provide term deposit services in Germany, Austria, the Netherlands, France and Spain. 
Although there is no need for additional funding while growing loan portfolio, the Bank is developing 
alternative funding channels in order to be more flexible in terms of pricing and volumes in the future.  
The Issuer provides the following investment services:  
• 
mediates in trading shares and bonds in Lithuanian and foreign markets;  
• 
provides service of electronic trading of shares in the Baltic market;

--- Page 76 ---
- 67 - 
 
• 
mediates in primary placement auction transactions of Republic of Lithuania Government 
securities;  
• 
disseminates investment fund units and other securities;  
• 
lends funds upon mortgage of securities and a commitment to repurchase them (REPO 
transactions);  
• 
makes securities transactions on the over-the-counter (OTC) market;  
• 
provides financial instrument storage (accounting) services.  
Providing of investment services depends on customer needs, opportunities, desired returns and tolerable 
risk.

--- Page 77 ---
- 68 - 
 
Figure 1. Regions and customer service network of the Issuer  
 
CSC – Customer Service Center 
CSP – Customer Service Point 
Source: the Issuer  
As of 31 December 2022, the Issuer had 56 customer service outlets (31 December 2021: 56 outlets). As 
of 31 December 2022, the Issuer had 817 employees (31 December 2021: 789).  
The Issuer currently has 5.7% of sector’s retail deposit market share. 98% of deposit portfolio – from 
Lithuanian residents. Term deposits comprise 35% of total deposit portfolio. Average maturity – 
17 months.  
Issuer’s rating  
On 25 May 2022, the international rating agency Moody’s Investor Service (Moody’s) affirmed the Baa2 
long-term deposit rating previously granted to the Bank as well as its positive outlook. The Bank’s previous 
short-term deposit rating of P-2 has also been affirmed. In its statement, Moody’s said that the rating 
affirmation reflects the Bank’s strong credit fundamentals relative to the rating level, which are expected 
to remain resilient despite the Bank’s increasingly challenging operating environment and the high level of 
loan growth. It also states that the Bank’s outlook reflects improved risk management and overall asset risk, 
with a significant reduction in Non-Performing loans and maintaining a strong capital position. 
Strategy of the Issuer  
Taking into account the significantly changed business and regulatory environment, a Strategic Business 
Plan of the Issuer for the period 2023-2025 was updated and approved in March 2023.The Group intends 
to strengthen its activities in the following priority areas:  
i. 
Implementation of higher standard governance practices; 
ii. 
Strengthening of its position in the retail business; 
iii. 
Development of digital functionalities for external and internal customers;

--- Page 78 ---
- 69 - 
 
iv. 
Financing remains one of the major areas, ensuring a stable source of interest income and a 
long-term relationship with customers. 
The reinforcing of these priority areas will allow ensuring sustainable and profitable activities of the Bank 
group, increasing the market share, meeting the expectations of the regulator, investors and other 
stakeholders. At the end of 2022, the Bank signed an agreement with Akcinė bendrovė "Invalda INVL" on 
the merger of some of their retail businesses. After the transaction is closed, the Bank group, in addition to 
the financial services it already provides, will manage the 2nd pillar and the 3rd pillar pension funds, also 
investment funds in Lithuania, will expand its life insurance business. The year 2023 will be spent getting 
ready for a smooth closing of the transaction and preparation of the updated strategy. 
Strengthening the aforementioned priority areas will help to ensure sustainable and profitable operations of 
the Group, increase the market share, meet the expectations of the regulator, investors and other 
stakeholders. KPIs for the 2023:  
Area 
Key Performance Indicators 
Targets for 2023 
Operational Efficiency4 
Return on average equity 
>14.0% 
Cost to income ratio* 
<46.7% 
Capital & Risk management 
Capital adequacy ratio 
>18.6% 
Cost of risk5  
<0.3% 
*- excluding the impact from the investment result of the SB draudimas assets under unit-linked contracts 
Issuer’s competitive position 
The Issuer is the third largest bank in Lithuania in terms of loan portfolio and fourth largest bank in 
Lithuania in terms of deposits, it serves both private and corporate clients. The key area of the Bank’s 
activities is focused on lending to small and medium-sized business (SME). The Bank is actively 
participating in multi-apartment renovation projects, financing energy saving facilities in Lithuania and 
currently is a renovation financing leader in Lithuania. 
Figure 2. Key ratios of the banking sector  
Source: Statistics compiled and published by the BoL (it contains data of financial groups – i.e. regulatory 
scope of consolidation) 
Information on the Issuer’s performance results  
Group’s results for the year 2022: 
 
4 Calculation formula: https://www.sb.lt/en/investors/financial-info/alternative-performance-measures  
5 Calculation formula: ibid. 
As of 31 December 
2022 (unaudited data) 
Total capital 
adequacy 
ratio 
Large 
exposure 
ratio 
Liquidity 
coverage 
ratio 
Return on 
Assets 
(RoA), % 
Return on 
Equity 
(RoE), % 
Loans and 
advances, 
mEUR 
Deposits, 
mEUR 
Šiaulių bankas AB 
16.12 
14.18 
179.46 
1.58 
14.95 
2,615 
2,787 
Swedbank AB 
17.46 
11.48 
362.88 
0.77 
17.72 
7,524 
15,039 
SEB bankas AB 
18.84 
19.48 
165.95 
1.41 
17.72 
6,697 
11,225 
Revolut Bank, UAB 
22.14 
16.14 
1424.29 
0.54 
10.57 
232 
8,261 
Medicinos bankas UAB 
20.27 
17.80 
289.38 
1.28 
11.50 
254 
342

--- Page 79 ---
- 70 - 
 
• 
the Group earned unaudited net profit of EUR 63.6 million last year, or 15% more than in 2021; 
• 
loan portfolio increased by 25% year-on-year to over EUR 2.6 billion; 
• 
proactive increase in deposit rates led to strong growth in the term deposit portfolio, while the total 
deposit portfolio grew by 4% to EUR 2.8 billion; 
• 
agreement was signed with Akcinė bendrovė "Invalda INVL" to merge retail businesses. 
Group’s results for Q1 2023: 
• 
the Group earned EUR 19.2 million of unaudited net profit in Q1; 
• 
new credit agreements worth more than EUR 350 million were signed, bringing the loan portfolio 
to EUR 2.7 billion; 
• 
as interest rates rise, the volume of term deposits is increasing rapidly, and the total client deposit 
portfolio exceeded EUR 2.8 billion; 
• 
with the growing demand for sustainable housing solutions, clients are more actively choosing the 
Bank’s energy-efficient financing offers; 
• 
the Bank continues to keep its promise to be closer to its clients and has maintained the most 
extensive network of 56 customer service outlets in Lithuania, while also developing its digital 
channels by expanding its online banking services and the functions of its mobile application; 
• 
the prestigious business and finance magazine Global Finance has named the Bank as the best 
bank in Lithuania – this is the third time the Bank has won this award. 
Figure 3. Net Profit earned by the Group, EUR million

--- Page 80 ---
- 71 - 
 
 
Source: the Issuer  
The Group earned unaudited net profit of EUR 63.6 million in 2022 (15% more than in 2021). Net profit 
for Q4 was EUR 16.5 million (49% more than in Q4 2021). Operating profit before impairment losses and 
income tax amounted to EUR 81.5 million (+14% compared to 2021 – EUR 71.3 million). 
Mainly due to strong growth in lending volumes, net interest income increased by 32% year-on-year to 
EUR 106.8 million. A steady increase in the number of clients and their activity increased net service and 
commission income by 9% to EUR 18.7 million.  
The impact of the assessment of specific client exposures led to provisions of EUR 2.5 million in Q4 and 
EUR 5 million for the year (compared to provisions of EUR 4.1 million in 2021). The cost of risk (CoR) 
for the loan portfolio in 2022 was at the same level as in 2021 at 0.2%. 
The Group’s cost to income ratio (excluding the impact of client portfolio of SB Draudimas) increased 
slightly during the year and stood at 43.2% at year-end (42.8% in the previous year) and the return on equity 
increased to 15.2% (14.3% last year). Capital and liquidity position remains sound and prudential 
regulations are met with the solid buffers.

--- Page 81 ---
- 72 - 
 
In Q1, the Group earned EUR 19.2 million of unaudited net profit (67% more than a year ago, when the 
profit amounted to EUR 11.5 million). Operating profit before impairment and corporate tax amounted to 
EUR 27.3 million, an increase of 60% compared to the same period last year. 
Due to the strong growth in lending volumes in recent years, constant increase in client activity and rising 
interest rates, net interest income grew by 61% year-on-year to EUR 35.4 million, while net fee and 
commission income remained similar at EUR 4.55 million. 
The Group made provisions of EUR 2.8 million in Q1. This was mainly impacted by an updated risk 
assessment of individual exposures and revised provisioning parameters in line with updated 
macroeconomic forecasts. At the end of the quarter, the cost of risk (CoR) of the loan portfolio stood at 
0.4% (0.5% in the corresponding period of the previous year). 
The Group’s cost to income ratio (excluding the impact of client portfolio of SB Draudimas) decreased and 
at the end of Q1 stood at 39.7% (45.4% last year). In Q1, the return on equity was 17.8% (11.6% in the 
same period last year). The capital and liquidity position continues to remain strong and prudential ratios 
are being met by a wide margin. 
Business and Private Clients Financing   
Figure 4. Loan portfolio in EUR million and yields 
 
Source: the Issuer  
The year 2022 was characterized by a very strong growth in both corporate and private client financing, 
with the value of the loan portfolio increasing by 5% in Q4 and by as much as 25% over the year, to over 
EUR 2.6 billion. More than EUR 1.5 billion worth of new lending agreements were signed last year, i.e., 
one third more than in 2021.  
Corporate lending volumes increased steadily during the year, with new business credit agreements worth 
almost EUR 0.8 billion signed during the year (21% more than in 2021). The value of the portfolio increased 
by 4% in Q4 and by 18% year-on-year (to EUR 1.4 billion). Credit risk indicators remained strong in Q4, 
and the results of the annual loan portfolio review did not have adverse effect on them. The non-performing 
business loan portfolio declined throughout the year and stood at EUR 58 million at the end of 2021 (-10% 
year-on-year). 
Despite decrease in housing loan sales in Q4 (compared to the first three quarters of the year), mainly due 
to the general economic situation, rising energy prices, high inflation, or rising base interest rates, the 
housing loan portfolio grew by 9% in Q4, and by as much as 46% in 2021, and exceeded EUR 660 million. 
New housing loan agreements were signed for EUR 255 million (30% more than in 2021). 
In Q4, people were more cautious about their ability to borrow for consumption and more restrained in 
planning their purchases. Universal credit, i.e., loan for a wide range of needs, is noticeably growing in 
popularity. In total, consumer credit agreements were signed for almost EUR 190 million during the year, 
i.e., 48% more than in 2021.The consumer financing portfolio grew by 4% in Q4 and by 34% for the whole 
of 2022, reaching almost EUR 230 million.

--- Page 82 ---
- 73 - 
 
As the volume of applications for financing energy-efficient projects remains high, in Q4, the Bank offered 
a green housing loan for those who want to live more sustainably and who are looking for a new home for 
the purpose of buying the most energy-efficient housing on more favorable terms.  
SB Modernizavimo Fondas continues to perform well, but due to a significant increase in construction 
prices and fewer projects ready for financing on the market, agreements for the modernization of multi-
apartment buildings have been signed for a total amount of EUR 107 million (17% less than in 2021). 
While lending volumes have been trending positively, the pace of loan portfolio growth is moderating 
slightly due to continued uncertainty, the economic outlook and the rising cost of borrowing. The value of 
the loan portfolio increasing by 2% in Q1 and by 22% year-on-year to almost EUR 2.7 billion. EUR 354 
million worth of new credit agreements were signed, an increase of 15% compared to Q1 2022.  
The business finance portfolio grew by 2% in the quarter and by 15% in the year (to EUR 1.4 billion). The 
number of new loans signed was 23% higher than in Q1 of last year and amounted to EUR 212 million. 
The share of non-performing loans remained stable, with 19% fewer such business loans compared to the 
same period last year. 
In the first months of the year, mortgage financing continued to show a decline in sales volumes, which 
started in the second half of 2022. However, sales volumes returned to an upward trend already in March, 
with a total of EUR 49 million worth of contracts signed in Q1 (7% less than in Q1 2022). The mortgage 
loan portfolio grew by 5% in Q1 and by 40% year-on-year to almost EUR 700 million. 
Due to active and visible advertising and the availability and attractiveness of the financing services offered, 
consumer credit was granted for EUR 50 million in Q1, 33% more than in Q1 2022. The consumer loan 
portfolio grew by 6% in the first quarter and by 36% year-on-year to EUR 244 million. 
By offering better terms of financing for sustainable solutions, we continue to encourage our clients to 
improve home energy efficiency and contribute to a better environment. Additionally, higher heating costs 
during the winter season have encouraged residents to seek energy efficient solutions, which resulted with 
EUR 79 million worth of contracts signed in Q1 alone, 3 times more than in Q1 2022. The Bank’s multi-
apartment modernization fund has already financed 244 projects worth EUR 160 million.Daily Banking  
During year 2022, net service and commission income grew to EUR 18.7 million, an increase of 9% 
compared to 2021. Income grew in all the main fee and commission income groups – payments, cash 
transactions, accounts administration and investment services. More than 10 thousand new private and 
corporate clients started using the Bank’s services in 2022, bringing the total number of clients to 340 
thousand. 
The number of clients subscribing to service plans generating stable commission income grew by 9% to 
188 thousand. The number of payments and turnover from payment cards, as well as the number of payment 
cards themselves, is growing, reaching 176 thousand, i.e., 2% more compared to the year 2021. Among 
them, the fastest growing demand is for credit cards, the number of which grew by 33% compared to the 
year 2021. 
Throughout the year 2022, the Bank continued its strong focus on digitisation and new, more user-friendly 
smart solutions. The Bank developed its digital channels in line with customer needs, expanding the number 
of services in the internet bank and the mobile application. For example, remote client identification and 
remote bank account opening have been introduced. The number of clients served this way is also steadily 
increasing. 
More than 7.6 thousand new private and business clients started using the Bank’s services in the first months 
of the year, while the total number of clients subscribing to service plans that generate stable commission 
income grew by 2.3% to almost 190 thousand. 
The number of clients using credit cards is growing rapidly. The annual growth rate remains above 30% 
and in the last quarter alone this number grew by 9% to over 30 thousand.  
To meet everyone’s needs and enable clients to choose how they want to be served, the Bank maintained 
the most extensive network of customer service outlets in Lithuania (56 outlets in 37 Lithuanian cities), 
while developing convenient smart solutions – during the quarter, the Bank introduced new, expanded

--- Page 83 ---
- 74 - 
 
online banking services, as well as upgraded its mobile application, adding new features such as push 
notification management. 
Saving and Investing  
Figure 5. Deposit portfolio in EUR million and deposit costs dynamics 
 
 
Source: the Issuer  
The Group loan-to-deposit ratio stood at 94.6% at the end of the year 2022 (78.6% at the end of the year 
2021).  
The deposit portfolio grew by 4% over the year (EUR 114 million) to almost EUR 2.8 billion at the end of 
the year 2022. Demand deposits, which make up the bulk of the portfolio, increased by 1% or EUR 10 
million, while the term deposit portfolio grew by 12% or EUR 104 million. This increase in the term deposit 
portfolio is due to the proactive increase in interest rates to meet client needs in a rising base rate 
environment.  
Clients are increasingly directing their savings towards the Issuer’s saving and investment products, with 
commission income from securities-related services reaching almost EUR 4 million during the year 2022 
(up 18% compared to 2021). Despite the volatile financial markets, the value of client securities in the 
Issuer’s custody continued to grow and exceeded EUR 0.9 billion at the end of the year 2022. 
In Q4 of 2022, the Issuer successfully placed an additional EUR 85 million bond issue to institutional 
investors, paying an annual interest at the rate of 1.047%. With a tap issue the amount of the total 
outstanding bonds increased from EUR 75 million to EUR 160 million. The additional bonds were issued 
at a yield to maturity of 6.4%. The bonds issued will help the Issuer to meet future MREL requirements, 
while strengthening the liability structure and broadening the investor base. 
The client deposit portfolio grew by 1% during the quarter and exceeded EUR 2.8 billion at the end of 
March. Due to attractive interest rates on term deposits, which were steadily increased during the quarter, 
the portfolio grew by EUR 51 million, while the volume of demand deposits decreased by EUR 37 million. 
The share of term deposits in the total portfolio rose to 35%. With inflation at a high level and growing 
need to invest, clients are not only choosing a simple and convenient savings instrument, i.e., term deposit, 
but are also choosing the Bank’s other investment products. The value of client securities held by the Bank 
at the end of the quarter exceeded EUR 1.6 billion. 
Regarding external environment factors  
The Bank monitors the tense geopolitical situation in order to properly and timely assess and identify the 
potential impact of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine on the Bank’s operations and the quality of its portfolio 
due to the risks it poses to clients. The Bank has set up a special Working Group to assess the situation. The 
Bank has no operations in Russia, Belarus or Ukraine and does not have significant direct exposures in

--- Page 84 ---
- 75 - 
 
these countries. The Bank considers the secondary risk of direct insolvency of clients operating in Lithuania 
due to the geopolitical situation to be low: the Bank’s largest clients are aware of the threats, the number of 
clients dependent on business relations with Ukraine and Russia is low, and clients with business relations 
in the countries mentioned above are reducing their dependence of their income on business transactions. 
To identify in a timely manner a potential increase in the risk of its clients, the Bank applies the procedures 
set out in the Bank’s internal regulations, records Early Warning Indicators (EWI) for the impact of the 
geopolitical situation on the clients that have a moderate or greater dependence on the aforementioned 
countries through their supply or sales chains, or through their shareholding structure, and, in the event of 
a potentially significant risk, puts the client on the Watch List and implements enhanced monitoring for 
these clients, and approves action plans for the mitigation of risk. The greatest uncertainties and potential 
negative impacts arise from tertiary effects, i.e., the impact of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine on the overall 
state of the economy. The Bank uses scenario assessments and stress testing to assess these impacts. These 
assessments indicate that the Bank’s capital position is strong and that the Bank would be able to withstand 
significant shocks related to economic downturns. 
The increased monitoring is not limited to credit risk, but also includes a stronger monitoring of the bank's 
liquidity position (except for the increased cash withdrawals a few days after the start of the invasion, there 
were no negative trends related to the invasion), increased focus on business continuity and IT security 
(business continuity plans have been updated with a number of additional scenarios, cybersecurity status is 
constantly being monitored, additional cyber-protection measures have been implemented, and testing of 
measures and plans is ongoing). Also, due to the rapidly changing situation and the introduction of new 
sanction packages, the processes and procedures for complying with the sanctions for clients and payments 
are under considerable scrutiny, which may in some cases lead to longer process time. 
The Russian invasion of Ukraine may further contribute to increased market volatility. The Bank has no 
direct investments (securities or other financial instruments) in Russia, Belarus or Ukraine. The Bank has 
no or close to zero open currency exposure in these countries. 
The Bank is closely monitoring the situation regarding problems of some US and Swiss banks. The Bank 
has no direct positions in these credit institutions and does not notice any material second or third order 
effects to Bank‘s activities. 
Regulatory requirements applicable to the Issuer  
• 
Issue is a subject to following ratios and prudential requirements: Capital or own fund 
requirements. Banks must hold sufficient capital for covering unexpected losses and remaining 
solvent during a crisis period. Banks must satisfy the following Pillar 1 own funds requirements: 
• 
a Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5 per cent. This is the ratio between Tier 1 
equity capital and risk weighted assets and off-balance sheet liabilities of the bank;  
• 
a Tier 1 capital ratio of 6 per cent. This is the ratio between Tier 1 capital and risk 
weighted assets and off-balance sheet liabilities of the bank;  
• 
a total capital ratio of 8 per cent. This is the ratio between the own funds and risk weighted 
assets and off-balance sheet liabilities of the bank;  
• 
a leverage ratio of 3 per cent. This is the ratio between Tier 1 capital and the total exposure 
measure of the bank.  
• 
SREP capital requirements consist of two parts: 
• 
Pillar 2 requirement or P2R, which covers risks underestimated or not covered by Pillar 
1. P2R is binding and breaches can result in regulatory sanctions. The Issuer is subject to 
a P2R requirement of 1.6% on 31 December 2022 which increased up to 2.05% from 1 
January 2023; 
• 
Pillar 2 guidance or P2G, which indicates to banks the adequate level of capital to be 
maintained in order to have sufficient capital as a buffer to withstand stressed situations. 
P2G is not legally binding, but the regulators expect banks to comply with this buffer. 
The Issuer is subject to a P2G requirement of 1.75%; 
• 
In addition to the capital requirements, banks must meet additional capital buffer requirements: 
• 
capital conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent. The purpose of this requirement is to obligate 
banks to accumulate additional capital for covering unexpected losses. It is uniform 
across all European Union banks; 
• 
institution’s special countercyclical capital buffer requirement. The supervisory 
authorities of Member States may, at their own discretion, set the amount of a specific

--- Page 85 ---
- 76 - 
 
countercyclical capital buffer for a particular institution or a group of institutions, thereby 
mitigating the risk of unsustainable growth and securing the banking sector and the 
economy against a credit boom. A special countercyclical capital buffer requirement of 
0 per cent is applied for positions in Lithuania recently and increased by 1% from 1 
October 2023;  
• 
other systemically important institutions (O-SII) buffer requirement. The purpose of this 
requirement is to obligate banks to accumulate additional capital to cover losses arising 
from the impact of the bank’s financial difficulties on the European Union market or a 
particular domestic financial market. It is set on an individual basis – up to 2 per cent of 
risk weighted assets. For the Issuer, O-SII buffer currently is set at 1%; 
• 
the sectoral systemic risk buffer requirement. The purpose of this requirement is to 
increase the financial system’s resilience in the presence of a higher risk of potential 
housing market overheating in Lithuania. It is introduced by Bank of Lithuania and set 
as 2% to the housing loan portfolios of housing credit issuers. 
• 
Liquidity requirements. Banks must hold sufficient liquid assets to be able to cover net cash 
outflows under gravely stressed conditions within 30 days. The value of the liquidity coverage 
ratio (“LCR”) must not be below 100 per cent, i.e., a credit institution’s reserves of liquid assets 
must not be lower than net cash outflows over 30 calendar days under gravely stressed conditions. 
Banks must have sufficient stable funding to meet the funding needs for a one-year period both 
under regular and stressed conditions. The value of the net stable funding ratio should be no lower 
than 100 per cent, i.e., the stable funding amount available for the credit institution should be no 
lower than the required stable funding amount over a one-year period.  
• 
The large exposure requirement. Exposure to a client or a group of connected clients, i.e., loans 
granted, also any asset or off-balance-sheet asset share cannot exceed 25 per cent of the institutions 
CET1 capital, or EUR 150 million, whichever the higher, provided that the sum of exposure values. 
MREL requirements applicable to the Issuer  
In February 2023, the Issuer received its MREL requirement, entailing the following MREL 
requirements that shall be met by 1 January 2024:  
• 
the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities of the resolution entity with which 
the Issuer shall comply is 21.49% of total risk exposure (MREL-TREA) and 7.16% of leverage 
ratio exposure (MREL-LRE);  
• 
subordinated instruments shall comprise 13.50% of total risk exposure (MREL-TREA, 
subordinated) and 5.99% of leverage ratio exposures (MREL-LRE, subordinated).  
The Issuer has received intermediate targets to ensure a linear build-up of own funds and eligible liabilities 
towards the requirements. From 1 January 2023, such targets comprise MREL-TREA of 15.43% and 
MREL-LRE of 5.89%, subordinated MREL-TREA of 13.50% and subordinated MREL-LRE of 5.89%.   
Combined buffer requirement (CBR) has to be included on top of MREL-TREA and MREL-TREA, 
subordinated requirements. 
The Issuer’s MREL targets can be summarised as follows:   
  
1 January 2022  
1 January 2024  
  
(intermediate target)  
(requirement)  
MREL-TREA  
15.43% + CBR 
21.49% + CBR 
MREL-LRE  
5.89% 
7.16%  
MREL-TREA, subordinated  
13.50% + CBR 
13.50% + CBR 
MREL-LRE, subordinated  
5.79% 
5.99%

--- Page 86 ---
- 77 - 
 
CBR applicable to the Issuer as of 31 December 2022 is 3.5% and consists of Capital conservation buffer 
of 2.5% and O-SII buffer of 1.0%. Countercyclical buffer for Lithuania was nil. Components of the CBR 
may be changed by the decision of institutions that are responsible for setting the buffers.  
As of 31 December 2022, Issuer’s MREL-TREA was .25.24%, MREL-TREA, subordinated was 18.19%, 
MREL-LRE 13.08%, MREL-LRE, subordinated 9.83%.  
Capital requirements applicable to the Issuer  
Capital management of the Issuer  
The capital of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries in the prudential scope of calculation is calculated and 
allocated for the risk coverage following the capital requirements regulation and directive – CRR/CRD and 
local legal acts. The Issuer’s objectives when managing own funds are as follows:  
• 
to comply with the own funds requirements set by the European Parliament and the Council of the 
European Union as well as the internal target capital requirements;   
• 
to safeguard the Issuer’s and the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern so that it can 
provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders;   
• 
to support the development of the Group’s business with the help of the strong capital base.  
Capital adequacy assessment is performed on a quarterly basis in accordance with the Information 
guidelines in respect of risk management and capital adequacy disclosure (Pillar3) report.  
During the three-month period ended 31 March 2023 and the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 
December 2021, the Issuer complied with capital requirements.  
The capitalisation of the Issuer is sufficient to ensure financial stability and provide the capital needed to 
deliver the business strategy. As of 31 December 2022, the total consolidated Capital Ratio of the Issuer, 
was 19% (20.4% as of 31 December 2021 on the consolidated level of the Group).  
In its Capital Adequacy calculations, the Issuer uses the standardised method to calculate risk weighted 
exposure amounts for Credit and Market risk. Risk weighted exposure amounts for operational risk are 
calculated using the Basic Indicator Approach method.  
Capital Ratios 
Position  
31 December 
2022  
31 December 
2021  
CET 1 Ratio  
18.1%  
19.5%  
T1 Capital Ratio  
 18.1%  
19.5%  
Total Capital Ratio  
19.0% 
20.4%   
 
Risk Exposure  
Composition of Risk Exposure Amount (REA)   
  
 31 December 
2022  
31 December 
2021  
  
Thousand EUR  
Credit Risk   
 2,122,021 
 1,887,012

--- Page 87 ---
- 78 - 
 
  
 31 December 
2022  
31 December 
2021  
  
Thousand EUR  
Securitisation positions 
47,521 
- 
Market Risk   
30,230 
 19,823 
Credit valuation adjustment   
 125 
238 
Operational Risk   
221,464 
 198,456 
 
Risk Exposure  
  
31 December 
2022 
31 December 
2021 
  
Thousand EUR  
TOTAL RISK EXPOSURE AMOUNT   
2,421,361 
2,105,529 
RISK-WEIGHTED 
EXPOSURE 
AMOUNTS 
FOR 
COUNTERPARTY CREDIT AND DILUTION RISKS AND 
FREE DELIVERIES   
 2,169,542 
1,887,012 
Standardised approach (SA)   
2,122,021 
1,887,012 
Central governments or central banks  
 5,170 
10,274 
Regional governments or local authorities   
21 
27 
Public sector entities   
 11,871 
9,609 
Institutions   
70,316 
39,875 
Corporations   
 482,673 
458,167 
Retail   
431,813 
 380,100 
Secured by mortgages on immovable property   
768,708 
 689,421 
Exposures in default   
55,190 
 50,202 
Items associated with particularly high risk   
150,098 
 89,166 
Collective investments undertakings (CIU)  
62,052 
 54,586 
Equity   
 29,959 
 30,215 
Other items   
54,150 
 75,371 
Securitisation positions 
47,521 
 
Total risk exposure amount for position, foreign exchange and 
commodities risks  
 30,230 
 19,823 
Total risk exposure amount for operational risk (OpR)  
221,464 
 198,456 
Total risk exposure amount for credit valuation adjustment  
 125 
 238

--- Page 88 ---
- 79 - 
 
General Risk Management Principles  
The risk management of the Issuer is described in section “Financial Risk Management” of the consolidated 
financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 (pages 23-73-), incorporated into 
this Base Prospectus by reference. 
Major shareholders of the Issuer  
On the day of this Base Prospectus the authorised capital of the Company is EUR 174,210,616.27 and is 
divided into 600,726,263 ordinary registered shares with a nominal value of EUR 0.29 each. All the shares 
issued by the Company entitle equal voting rights to their holders. 
31 December 2020 European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) possessed 26.02% of the 
authorised capital and votes of the Issuer. On 22 December 2021 EBRD announced that it has agreed to 
sell an 18% stake in the Issuer. EBRD has signed 3 separate agreements with Akcinė bendrovė "Invalda 
INVL", an asset management group, Tesonet Global, part of the Tesonet group of companies, and ME 
Investicija, a holding company that owns Girteka Logistics, to sell stakes of 5.87%, 5.87% and 6.29% in 
the Issuer, respectively. Acquisitions of shares will take place through a series of transactions until June 
2024 and in some cases might be subject to regulatory approvals.  
On December 2021 ME Investicija,  now – Wilgrow UAB announced about acquisition of 5.71% of Bank’s 
shares,  and on May 2023 acquired 2.09% of Bank’s shares. On January 2022 Tesonet Global acquired 
1.96% of Bank’s shares, on May 2023 – 1,95%. After the said transactions as of 31 May 20232 EBRD 
possessed 14% of the authorised capital and votes of the Issuer. 
In the table below the information is provided on shareholders of the Issuer on the date of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 89 ---
- 80 - 
 
Table 2. Shareholders of the Issuer, holding more than 5% of shares and votes of the Issuer as of the 
date hereof 
No  
Shareholder  
Number of 
owned shares 
and votes 
directly 
Percentage 
owned 
directly, %  
Votes, held by other persons, 
acting in concert, %  
Total, %  
1.  
EBRD  
 84,101,686 
14 
– 
14 
2.  
Akcinė bendrovė 
"Invalda INVL"  
32,622,086 
5.43 
 4.576 
 9.99 
3. 
Willgrow UAB 
(ME 
INVESTICIJA) 
 46,894,161 
 7.81 
– 
 7.81 
4. 
Algirdas Butkus  
15,014,268 
2.50 
2.887 
5.38 
5. 
Gintaras Kateiva   
32,286,627 
5.37 
0.028 
5.39 
 
Source: the Issuer  
On 22 November 2022, the Issuer and Akcinė bendrovė "Invalda INVL", legal entity code 121304349, 
registered at address Gynėjų str. 14, Vilnius, the Republic of Lithuania, signed an agreement to merge 
segments of their retail businesses. Following the provisions of the signed agreement, the transaction is 
expected to be completed until 22 November 2023. Post the transaction, Akcinė bendrovė "Invalda INVL" 
would hold additional 62,270,383 shares of the Issuer which represents 9,39% of the Issuer‘s shareholding. 
The Issuer would issue the new shares to be acquired by Akcinė bendrovė "Invalda INVL" at EUR 0.645 
per share (5% more than the Issuer's share price on 22 November 2022 on the Nasdaq Vilnius). Following 
the completion of this and other planned share acquisition transactions announced, Akcinė bendrovė 
"Invalda INVL" will increase its shareholding in the Issuer to approximately 20%. 
However, taking into consideration that all the shares of the Issuer are introduced to trading on regulated 
market (Nasdaq Vilnius Main List), its shareholding structure may be subject to changes at any point, if 
any of its major shareholders divest all or a part of their equity stakes in the Issuer (please also see risk 
factor No ownership rights, no guarantee that the shareholders’ structure remains the same). 
Table 3. Managers of the Issuer and their controlled companies, holding shares and votes in the 
Issuer as of the date hereof 
No  Manager  
Position  
Number of 
owned 
shares and 
votes 
directly 
Percentag
e owned 
directly, 
% 
Number of 
owned 
shares and 
votes non-
directly 
Controlled 
companies 
Total, 
%  
1.  
Gintaras Kateiva  
Member of 
Supervisory 
Council  
31,628,103 
5.27 
121,072 
– 
5.29  
Mindaugas Raila 
 Member of 
Supervisory 
Council  
- 
-  
34,318,041 
34,318,041 5,71 
 
6 Votes, held by its subsidiary UAB "INVL Asset Management" – 0.66%, and INVL Live UAB – 1.96%. 
7 Votes, held by the controlled entities: prekybos namai “Aiva” UAB – 2.00%, Mintaka UAB – 0.88%. 
8 Votes, held by the spouse Vilinda Kateivienė.

--- Page 90 ---
- 81 - 
 
No  Manager  
Position  
Number of 
owned 
shares and 
votes 
directly 
Percentag
e owned 
directly, 
% 
Number of 
owned 
shares and 
votes non-
directly 
Controlled 
companies 
Total, 
%  
2.  
Vytautas Sinius  
Member of 
the Board  
1,770,840 
0.29 
– 
– 
0.29  
3.  
Donatas Savickas  
Member of 
the Board  
836,601 
0.14 
– 
– 
0.14 
4.  
Mindaugas Rudys  
Member of 
the Board  
411,870 
0.07 
– 
– 
0.07 
5.  
Daiva Šorienė  
Member of 
the Board  
319,888 
0.05 
– 
– 
0.05 
6.  
Algimantas Gaulia  
Member of 
the Board  
53,886 
0.01 
– 
– 
0.01 
 
Source: the Issuer  
Apart from the information, indicated in this Section, the Issuer has no information about any other possible 
control over the Issuer, as well as the arrangements, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result 
in a change in control of the Issuer. Disregarding this, as it was indicated in the notification on material 
event of the Issuer, dated 12 April 20229, on this date, as part of the annual variable remuneration for 2021, 
employees of the Issuer were granted an option right to receive 1,745,114 shares free of charge on 11 April 
2025. The Issuer also confirmed proportional part (one third) of the number of shares granted for the 
employee’s performance in 2020, 2019 and 2018 to be received after exercise of options: 757,526 shares 
on 12 April 2024, 830,437 shares on 14 April 2023 and 930,704 shares on 12 April 2022. Aforementioned 
options granted for the employee’s performance in 2018 were exercised on 12 April 2022. Employee 
options granted for 2019 performance were exercised on 14 April 2023. Thirty-five employees of the Bank 
Group were granted 2 491 317 Bank shares upon exercise of these options. 
Thus, execution of these Share option rights will change the structure of shareholders of the Issuer 
insignificantly.  
As indicated above, certain members of the Management Board and Supervisory Council are also 
shareholders of the Issuer. Thus, it is possible that these shareholders may favour any of their own interests 
rather than those of the Issuer.  
Apart from the above, the Issuer is not aware of any potential conflict of interests between any duties to 
the Issuer of the members of the Management Board or the Supervisory Council (as defined in Section 
Supervisory and Management Bodies) of the Issuer as well as private interests or other duties of these 
persons. 
 
 
 
9 https://view.news.eu.nasdaq.com/view?id=b709dfc404521773fcc211e37b47e0c77&lang=en

--- Page 91 ---
- 82 - 
 
The Corporate organizational structure of the Issuer and its Group 
Figure 6. Corporate structure of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries as of the date of the Base Prospectus  
 
￼ 
Šiaulių Bankas AB owns 100% of shares of SB Lizingas UAB, Life Insurance company SB Draudimas UAB, SB turto fondas UAB, SB 
modernizavimo fondas UAB, Šiaulių banko lizingas LUAB, SB Asset Management.UAB.  
 
Source: the Issuer  
The Issuer does not belong to the group of companies as it is described in the applicable Lithuanian laws, 
i.e., the Issuer is not controlled by any persons, as it is indicated in the Law on Companies of the Republic 
of Lithuania – none of shareholders of the Issuer has shares thereof, entitling to more than 1/2 of votes in 
the General Meeting.  
The Issuer together with the Subsidiaries form a group of companies, as indicated below. The Issuer is not 
dependent upon other Subsidiaries within the Group.  
In 2023 the Issuer established a new group company UAB “SB Asset Management”. The goal of 
establishment of UAB “SB Asset Management” is to properly prepare for the implementation of the 
agreement signed on 22 November 2022 regarding merger of Akcinė bendrovė "Invalda INVL" retail asset 
management and life insurance businesses with the Issuer, and which after the transaction closing date 
would take over the management business of pension funds and investment funds for its further 
development. 
Šiaulių Banko Lizingas UAB is under the liquidation and does not carry out any activities, the company's 
activities are integrated into activities of the Issuer.  
Supervisory and Management Bodies 
The Issuer has a two-tier management system consisting of Supervisory Council, Management Board and 
CEO (Head of Administration), who together with the Management Board is responsible for the 
management of the Issuer. Business address of all the indicated bodies of the Issuer is Tilžės str. 149, 
Šiauliai, Lithuania.  
Only people who have the necessary expertise, skills, experience, education and professional qualifications 
and an impeccable business reputation may be elected or appointed as a CEO, members of the Management 
Board or the Supervisory Council.  
The Supervisory Council is a collegial supervisory body, which is responsible for supervising the activities 
of the Issuer and its management bodies, the appointment and removal of the members of the Management

--- Page 92 ---
- 83 - 
 
Board, submitting its comments and proposals to the General Meeting on the Issuer’s operating strategy, 
sets of financial statements, drafts of profit/loss appropriation, the reports of the Issuer, the activities of the 
Management Board and the CEO, submitting proposals to revoke decisions of the Management Board or 
the CEO, etc.  
The Management Board is a collegial management body, which is responsible for the strategic management 
of the Issuer, the appointment and removal of the CEO, calling the General Meetings, adoption of other 
corporate decisions which are economically feasible for the Issuer, etc.  
The CEO is single person managing body of the Issuer who is responsible for the day-to-day management 
of the Issuer and enjoys the exclusive right of representing the Issuer vis-à-vis third parties.  
In addition, the day-to-day management of the Issuer is carried out through Divisions, the heads of which 
currently are also the members of the Management Board (except for the IT Division), and which are 
responsible for the day-to-day organization of the work of the Division and the proper implementation of 
the functions and objectives assigned to it. The CEO and the Heads of Divisions have employment relations 
with the Issuer which are of unlimited duration.  
Compliance with the Corporate Governance Regime 
The Issuer does not follow some of the requirements of the Nasdaq Vilnius Corporate Governance Code to 
its full extent. However, the Issuer aims and puts efforts to improve its compliance with this code to as to 
better meet the expectations of its investors. Detailed information on the compliance of the Issuer with this 
corporate governance regime is provided in the annex to the Annual Report for the year 2022 of the Issuer. 
The statements included therein are valid as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Internal Management Structure of the Issuer  
Detailed management system of the Issuer is provided in the Figure 7 below.

--- Page 93 ---
- 84 - 
 
Figure 7. Management system of the Issuer   
 
 
 
Changes in organizational structure 
The Issuer and the Group constantly strive to work efficiently, respond flexibly to changes and needs in the 
external environment, to implement the Issuer’s strategic directions of activities so that the organizational 
structure meets business needs as much as possible, ensures optimal organization of activities, process 
efficiency and employee competence.  
In 2022, structural changes were implemented in the Bank’s business units in order to make the Bank’s 
operations more efficient, to comply with regulatory requirements and recommendations, to ensure 
balanced composition of the divisions and to concentrate related functions within the divisions: 
1. In view of the emergence of new functions as a result of the implementation of legislative 
requirements, the relocation and redistribution of functions within the Anti-Money Laundering 
Department, and in order to more accurately reflect the specificities of the unit's activities, the 
name of the Anti-Money Laundering Department has been changed to the Financial Crime 
Prevention Department. 
2. To improve the efficiency of the Internal Audit function at the Bank Group level, taking into 
account the recommendations made during the external evaluation and the corresponding 
expectation formulated by the Audit Committee, the centralisation of the Internal Audit function 
within the Bank Group has been implemented after assessing the cost-effectiveness of the change. 
3. In the light of regulatory requirements to put in place an appropriate and effective organisational 
and operational structure necessary to implement the AML/CFT strategy adopted by the 
Governing Body, with particular emphasis on sufficient powers for the function of AML/CFT 
Compliance Officer, including the need for a dedicated AML/CFT Compliance Unit in the second 
line of defence, with the aim of focusing on the concentration of the compliance, financial crime 
prevention, legal, and know-your-client functions in one division, to strengthen the competences 
and compliance of day-to-day operations of the 1st line of defence and to increase synergies among 
the units, enhancing regulatory compliance while maintaining the responsibilities and autonomy 
of the 1st and 2nd lines of defence in different departments, the Legal and Administration Division 
was dissolved and a new Legal, Compliance and Prevention Division was created, a new 
AML/CTF Compliance Department was established and other changes in the subordination of 
business units were implemented accordingly:

--- Page 94 ---
- 85 - 
 
- 
The Asset Management Department, with its functions, was placed under the authority of the 
Financial Division. 
- 
The Special Assets Department, with its functions, was placed under the authority of the Risk 
Management Division. 
In 2023, Financial Institutions & Settlement Department was abolished, its functions were transferred to 
the Operations Department and the Business Development Division. 
Supervisory Council  
Table 4. Members of the Supervisory Council  
Name, surname  
Position within the Issuer  
Beginning of term  
End of term  
Gintaras Kateiva  
Member of the Supervisory 
Council  
31 March 2020  
Until 31 
March 2024, 
in any case 
not later than 
until the 
ordinary 
General 
Meeting in 
2024 
Ramunė Vilija Zabulienė  
Member of the Supervisory 
Council (independent)  
31 March 2020  
Darius Šulnis  
Member of the Supervisory 
Council  
31March 2020  
Miha Košak  
Member of the Supervisory 
Council  
(independent)  
31 March 2020  
Susan Gail Buyske  
Member of the Supervisory 
Council  
(independent)  
31 July 2020  
Valdas Vitkauskas 
Member of the Supervisory 
Council 
(independent)  
1 June 2022 
Mindaugas Raila 
Member of the Supervisory 
Council 
18 January 2023 
Tomas Okmanas  
Member of the Supervisory 
Council 
(independent)  
2 February 2023  
Source: the Issuer  
The Supervisory Council is elected by the General Meeting. All the members of the Supervisory Council 
must be assessed by the ECB before they can be elected to the position. According to the Law on Companies 
of the Republic of Lithuania and Articles of Association of the Issuer the tenure of the Supervisory Council 
is 4 years and may not last longer than until the ordinary General Meeting convened in the last year of the 
tenure of the Supervisory Council. There is no limitation on the number of terms of office a member of the 
Supervisory Council may serve.  
The Supervisory Council elects its chairperson from among its members. The chairperson manages work 
of the Supervisory Council, convenes its meetings and performs other functions, provided for in the rules 
of procedure of the Supervisory Council.  
Each member of the Supervisory Council has one vote. If number of the voices “for” is equal with “against”, 
the chairperson’s vote is decisive. If there is no chairperson or he/she does not participate in the resolution 
adoption and there are equal votes, the resolution is deemed non-adopted. 
Gintaras Kateiva (born in 1965) has more than 25 years of experience of holding managerial positions. 
His strengths lie in strategic management, financial planning. Education – in 1989 graduated from the 
Vilnius state pedagogical institute, where he gained Pedagogue qualification. From 1993 till 2015 he was

--- Page 95 ---
- 86 - 
 
the General Manager of Litagra UAB. Since 2008 he serves as a member of the Supervisory Council. In 
addition to that, Gintaras Kateiva currently also serves as a Chairman of the Board of Litagra. 
Ramunė Vilija Zabulienė (born in 1962) has about 20 years of experience in financial sector, particularly 
in the activities of accounting and international relations area. She is an expert in ensuring and controlling 
the effectiveness of internal audit, Bank’s internal quality control and risk management systems. Education 
– in 1985 graduated from the Vilnius University where she gained Engineer – Economist qualification. 
From 2002 till 2011 she was the Deputy Chairman of the Board of the BoL and from 2014 till 2016 she 
served as an adviser to the Minister of Culture of the Republic of Lithuania. She currently serves as a 
Director of ArsDomina Všį and as a Member of the Board of Lewben Art Foundation VŠĮ. Ramunė 
Vilija Zabulienė also serves as an independent member of the Supervisory Council of the Issuer since 2012.  
Darius Šulnis (born in 1971) has more than 20 years of experience in various financial and real estate 
industries. His strengths lie in strategic management, consulting and supervisory and control functions in 
organizations, coordination of compliance with the legal acts, regulating the Issuer’s activities. Education 
– in 1993 graduated from the Vilnius University, where he gained a Master’s in Economics. In 2013 he also 
graduated from the Duke University – The Fuqua School of Business, where he gained a Master’s in 
Business Administration. He has held different positions in INVL Asset Management IPAS (Latvia), 
INVL Atklatais Pensiju Fonds AB (Latvia), LP Grupė UAB (former name Litagra), UAB "INVL Asset 
Management", Invalda INVL Investments UAB, bank Finasta AB, MP Pension Funds Baltic UAB, INVL 
Baltic Farmland AB, INVL Technology AB, INVL Baltic Real Estate AB and in many other companies.  
He currently serves as a President and member of the Board of Akcinė bendrovė Invalda INVL, Chairman 
of the Board of UAB "INVL Asset Management", Chairman of the Supervisory Council of FERN Group, 
UAB and member of the Board of Litagra UAB. He is also a member of the Supervisory Council of the 
Issuer since 2016.  
Miha Košak (born in 1968) has 30 years of experience in corporate finance, investment and corporate 
banking, and corporate governance. Education – in 1989 graduated from the London School of Economics, 
where he gained a Bachelor of Science in Economics. In 1991 he also graduated from the University of 
Exeter, where he gained MA in the Economics of the European Community and in 1998 from the SDA 
Bocconi, where he gained a Master of Business Administration. Since 1991, he has held senior roles at 
VTB Capital plc, UBS Investment Bank, Citigroup Global Markets, UBS AG, Credit Suisse First Boston, 
Barclays de Zoete Wedd, in London, Milan and Zürich. He has also been the Supervisory Board member 
of Abanka dd, Gorenje Group and NLB d.d. Miha Košak currently consults and executes independent 
activities as: member of the Advisory Board of Fraport Slovenia (largest Slovenian International Airport); 
Trustee of the British Slovene Society; member of the Board of the British-Slovenian Chamber of 
Commerce; member of the Advisory Council of Emona Capital LLP; member of the Strategic Board of 
Elan Inventa d.o.o. He serves as an independent member of the Supervisory Council of the Issuer since 
2017.  
Susan Gail Buyske (born in 1954). Education – Bachelor of Arts degree in Russian language from 
Middlebury College (USA), a Master of Public Administration degree in international relations (the 
Woodrow Wilson School, Princeton University (USA), Phd in political science.  Susan Gail Buyske 
currently serves as an independent member of the Supervisory Council of the Issuer since 2020 and as a 
non-executive director of SA Advans SICAR Holding company for microfinance institutions in Africa and 
Asia. 
Gail Buyske is a financial sector development consultant and non-executive director with a great experience 
on banks’ boards of directors like Swedbank AB, OJSC “URSA Bank”, JSC “Kazkommertsbank”, and 
others. Prior to consulting practice, Gail Buyske was successfully working in the field of international 
banking services at the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (three years) and was holding 
a senior position at the Chase Manhattan Bank, USA.  She has also worked as non-executive director and 
Chair of Risk Committee of First Ukrainian International Bank, Universal bank in Ukraine. 
Valdas Vitkauskas (born in 1968). Education – Master’s in Applied Economics, Southern Methodist 
University, Dallas, TX, USA, Bachelor of Business Administration, Vytautas Magnus University, Kaunas, 
Lithuania. He currently serves as an independent member and a Chairman of the Supervisory Council of 
the Issuer.

--- Page 96 ---
- 87 - 
 
Work experience and previous positions: January 2022 – 30 May 2022 Head of Strategy, UAB “INVL 
Asset Management”, Lithuania; 2020 – 2022 Supervisory Council chairman of UAB “Sovereign 
Investment Management Agency” (“Valstybės investicijų valdymo agentūra”), Lithuania; 2011 – 2021 
Associate Director, Senior Banker, Regional Business Leader at Financial Institutions Team, European 
Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD), London, UK; 2016 – 2019 Independent Non-
Executive Board Member of UAB “EPSO-G”, Lithuania; 2014 – 2018 Supervisory Council member of the 
Issuer; 2013 – 2016 Supervisory Council member of Mobias Banca Societe Generale, Moldova; 2007 – 
2011 Head of Office, Senior Banker of EBRD Minsk Resident Office, Belarus; 1998 – 2007 Principal 
Banker of EBRD Vilnius RO, Lithuania; 1995 – 1996 Project Manager of Lithuanian Development Bank, 
Lithuania. 
Mindaugas Raila (born in 1972). Education – Business administration and management (Owner/President 
management program), Harvard Business school, Boston, USA. He currently serves as Chairman of the 
Board of “ME investicija”, UAB (from 2012). Also, he is Founder and Co-owner of “Girteka Logistics”, 
UAB (from 1996). 
Mr. Raila  serves as a member of the Supervisory Council of the Issuer since the beginning of the year 
2023. 
Tomas Okmanas (born in 1987). Education - Master’s in E-Business management, Mykolas Romeris 
University, Lithuania; Bachelor of History in Vilnius university, Lithuania. 
He currently serves as Board Member of “Hostinger”, UAB (from 2018); Founder and Co-owner of 
“Tesonet” (from 2008); member of the Board and CEO of Tesonet global, UAB (company belongs to 
Tesonet group) (from 2020); executive CEO of 360 IT, UAB (belongs to Nord Security group); CEO of 
Tesonet Ventures, UAB (company belongs to Tesonet group) (from 2020); CEO of Hypervisor X, UAB 
(from 2020); member of the Board of Trustees of VU TSPMI (from 2020). Also, he is CEO (from 2017) 
and Board Member (from 2022) of Nord security group. 
Work experience and previous positions: 2007 – 2016 Senior Unix system administrator, Project Manager, 
Head of Network Operations Center and CIO, International Business Development Manager, IT Consultant 
of “Penki kontinentai” group. Mr. Okmanas  serves as an independent member of the Supervisory Council 
of the Issuer since the beginning of the year 2023. 
Management Board  
The Management Board is responsible for the strategic management of the Issuer, the appointment and 
removal of the CEO, calling the General Meetings, adoption of other corporate decisions which are 
economically feasible for the Issuer, provision of the Issuer financial services as required by law, etc. The 
Nomination Committee evaluates the candidates for the members of the Management Board and after the 
evaluation, proposes the candidates for the members of the Management Board and recommends them to 
the Supervisory Council for consideration.  
Table 5. Members of the Management Board  
Name, surname  
Position within the Issuer  
Beginning of term  
End of term  
Vytautas Sinius  
Chairman of the Management Board, 
CEO  
19 August 2022 
31 March 2020  
Until 
31.03.2024, in 
any case not 
later than until 
the 
ordinary 
General 
Meeting 
in 
2024  
Donatas Savickas  
Member of the Management Board, 
Head of Finance Division  
31 March 2020  
Daiva Šorienė  
Member of the Management Board, 
Head of Sales and Marketing Division  
31 March 2020  
Mindaugas Rudys  
Member of the Management Board, 
Head 
of Business 
Development 
Division  
31 March 2020

--- Page 97 ---
- 88 - 
 
Name, surname  
Position within the Issuer  
Beginning of term  
End of term  
Algimantas Gaulia  
Member of the Management Board, 
Head of Risk Management Division  
30 July 2021 
 
Agnė Duksienė 
Member of the Management Board 
Head 
of 
Legal, 
Compliance 
& 
Prevention Division 
 8 May 2023 
Source: the Issuer  
According to the Law on Companies of the Republic of Lithuania and the Articles of Association of the 
Issuer, the tenure of the Management Board is 4 years and may not last longer than until the ordinary 
General Meeting convened in the last year of the tenure of the Management Board. There is no limitation 
on the number of terms of office a member of the Management Board may serve. The Management Board 
elects its chairperson from among its members. The chairperson manages work of the Management Board, 
convenes its meetings and performs other functions, provided for in the work regulation of the Management 
Board.  
At voting each member of the Management Board has one vote. If number of the voices “for” is equal with 
“against”, the chairperson’s vote is decisive. If there is no chairperson or he/she does not participate in the 
resolution adoption and there are equal votes, the resolution is deemed non-adopted. 
Vytautas Sinius (born in 1976). Education – in 2002 graduated from the Vilnius University, where he 
gained a Bachelor’s in Economics. In 2009 he also graduated from the Vytautas Magnus University, where 
he gained a Master’s in Management and Business Administration. From 2006 till 2010 he was the 
Executive Vice President, Head of Retail Banking of SEB bankas AB. Since 2014 till 18 August 2022 he 
was a Deputy Chairman of the Board (he serves in the Management Board since 2011). Since 2014 he is a 
Chief Executive Officer and from 19 August 2022 also a Chairman of the Management Board of the Issuer.  
Donatas Savickas (born in 1969). Education – in 1993 graduated from the Vilnius University, where he 
gained an economist-analyst qualification. In 2009 he also graduated from the Vytautas Magnus University, 
where he gained a Master’s in Management and Business Administration. Since 1995 he is a Deputy 
Chairman of the Board. He also is a Deputy Chief Executive Officer (since 2005) and Head of the Finance 
Division of the Issuer.  
Daiva Šorienė (born in 1966). Education – in 1989 graduated from the Vilnius University, where she 
gained a Master’s in Economics. In 2007 she also graduated from the BMI, where she gained Executive 
Master of Business Administration and in 2007 from the Vytautas Magnus University, where she gained 
a Master’s in Business Management. From 1998 she occupies many positions at the Issuer (Deputy 
Chairman of the Board, Head of Business and Retail Banking, Head of Šiauliai region, Head of Business 
Development division, Head of Sales and Marketing Division). She is also a Deputy Chief Executive 
Officer of the Issuer since 2014.  
Mindaugas Rudys (born in 1982). Education – in 2007 graduated from the Vilnius University, where he 
gained a Bachelor’s in International Economics. In 2014 he also graduated from Mykolas Romeris 
University, where he gained Master’s in Economics and in 2015 from Baltic Management Institute, he 
gained Executive Master’s in Business Administration. He is a member of the Board since 2020 and the 
Head of Service Development Division of the Issuer since 2018.  
Algimantas Gaulia (born in 1980). Education – in 2002 graduated from the Kaunas University of 
Technology, where he gained a Bachelor’s in Economics also in 2004, he gained Master’s in Economics 
(graduated with honours). From 2013 till 2015 he was Deputy Head of Accounting and Reporting division, 
from 2015 till 2021 – Director of Risk Management and Reporting department. He serves as a member of 
the Management Board and Head of Risk Management division of the Issuer since 2021.  
Agnė Duksienė (born in 1985). Education – in 2007 graduated from the Mykolas Romeris University, 
where she gained a Bachelor’s in Law and Management degree. In 2011 she also graduated from Vilnius 
University, where she gained Master’s in Commercial law degree and in 2022 from International 
Compliance Association (together with the University of Manchester, Alliance Manchester Business 
School), she gained International diploma in Anti Money laundering. She serves as a member of the

--- Page 98 ---
- 89 - 
 
Management Board since 2023. She is also a Head of Legal, Compliance and Prevention Division since 
2022. 
Other decision-making bodies of the Issuer  
The Issuer is committed to ensuring maximum alignment of internal processes and routines to provide 
qualitative day to day support to local and group-wide functions across its organisation.  
To ensure and support such commitment, specialised committees of the Supervisory Council and the 
Management Board support the management bodies of the Issuer in specific areas. Such committees have 
been established in all cases when the Issuer is obliged by applicable regulatory enactments to establish the 
respective committees. The management bodies of the Issuer also establish committees when doing so 
increases efficiency and facilitates a deeper focus in specific areas- or is otherwise necessary or desirable 
to help the management bodies carry out their responsibilities effectively. Each committee has a 
documented mandate, including the scope of its responsibilities, defined by the legal acts of the Republic 
of Lithuania, legal acts of the BoL as well as regulations of certain committees approved by the 
Management Board or Supervisory Council of the Issuer. Establishment of committees does not release the 
management bodies of the Issuer from collectively fulfilling their respective duties and responsibilities in 
any way.  
An overview of the committees established by the Management Board and Supervisory Council is described 
in the Articles of the Association of the Issuer and is also provided in the following figure:  
Figure 8. Committees formed in the Issuer   
 
The role and purpose of the committees is described below. 
Committees under authority of the Supervisory Council   
The main purpose of the Committees of the Supervisory Council is to assist the Supervisory Council in 
specific areas and to assist in the development and implementation of a sound internal governance system 
for the Bank. 
 
 
General Meeting of 
Shareholders 
Supervisory 
Council 
Management Board 
Risk Committee
Audit Committee 
Nomination Committee
Remuneration Committee
Loan Committee
Risk Management Committee 
NPE Committee
Asset and Liability 
Management Committee

--- Page 99 ---
- 90 - 
 
The Risk Committee  
The Risk Committee advises the Supervisory Council of the Issuer on the overall current and future risk 
acceptable to the Issuer and strategy and assist in overseeing the implementation of the strategy at the Issuer, 
verifies whether prices of liabilities and assets offered to clients take fully into account the Issuer’s business 
model and risk strategy and also carries out other functions provided for in its regulations.  
The Risk Committee consists of at least four members selected from amongst the members of the 
Supervisory Council. The majority of the members of the Risk Committee shall be composed of and the 
Risk Committee shall be chaired by independent members of the Supervisory Council. Members of the 
Risk Committee must have sufficient experience and knowledge of risk management and control practices, 
and specifically of the risk strategy of the Issuer and of supervising its implementation.  
Members of the Risk Committee are Miha Košak (Chairman), Valdas Vitkauskas, S. G. Buyske and 
Ramunė Vilija Zabulienė. Meetings of the Risk Committee are held at least four times per year. 
The Audit Committee  
The Audit Committee addresses the matters related to improving the internal control system of the Issuer, 
monitors and discusses the process of preparation of the financial statement, the efficiency of the Issuer’s 
internal control, risk management and internal audit systems, the processes of the audit and internal audit 
performance on regular basis and performs other functions foreseen by the legal acts of the supervisory 
authority and regulations of the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee acts as the Audit Committee of 
the Issuer and all the public-interest entities of the Group. Following the laws and legal acts of the 
supervisory authority the composition, competences and arrangement of activities of the Audit Committee 
are formed and controlled by the Supervisory Council.  
The Audit Committee consists of at least three members selected from amongst the Supervisory Council 
members. The majority of the members of the Audit Committee shall be composed of and the Audit 
Committee shall be chaired by independent members of the Supervisory Council. Current members 
of the Audit Committee are Ramunė Vilija Zabulienė (Chairwomen), Susan Gail Buyske, Valdas 
Vitkauskas. Meetings of the Audit Committee are held at least at least three times per year. 
The Nomination Committee  
The Nomination Committee nominates candidates to fill management body vacancies and recommends, for 
the approval of the management bodies of the Issuer or for approval of the General Meeting, evaluates the 
balance of skills, evaluates the target number of the underrepresented gender within the Bank’s bodies, 
knowledge and experience of the management body of the Issuer, submits comments and findings related 
to the matter, assesses the structure, size, composition, operating results of the Issuer’s bodies and carries 
out other functions provided for in its regulations.  
The Nomination Committee consists of at least three members selected from amongst the Supervisory 
Council members. The majority of the members of the Nomination Committee shall be composed of and 
the Nomination Committee shall be chaired by independent members of the Supervisory Council. Current 
members of the Nomination Committee are Supervisory Council members: Valdas Vitkauskas (Chairman) 
Darius Šulnis, and Miha Košak. Meetings of the Nomination Committee are held at least three times per 
year.   
The Remuneration Committee  
The main responsibilities of the Remuneration Committee are to competently and independently assess 
variable remuneration policies, practices and ensure that the remuneration system takes into account all 
risks, performance, capital and liquidity and is consistent with sound and effective risk management and 
the Issuer’s business strategy, objectives, long-term operational interests of continuing operations, also to 
supervise independent control functions including remuneration to managers in charge risk management 
and compliance, drafts variable remuneration decisions and performs other functions set forth in 
its regulations.  
The Remuneration Committee consists of at least three members selected from amongst the Supervisory 
Council members. The majority of the members of the Remuneration Committee shall be composed of and 
the Remuneration Committee shall be chaired by independent members of the Supervisory Council. Current

--- Page 100 ---
- 91 - 
 
members of the Remuneration Committee are Valdas Vitkauskas (Chairman) Gintaras Kateiva and 
Ramunė Vilija Zabulienė. Meetings of the Remuneration Committee are held at least three times per year.  
Committees under authority of the Management Board  
The Loan Committee  
Main function of Loan Committees is approval of credit granting, amendment, review or restructuring 
decisions within its powers and limits set by internal credit granting procedures with a special view to 
ensuring that the requested loan or proposed amendment is in line with the respective risk appetite limits 
set in Risk Appetite Statement and credit risk management principles and requirements set in internal credit 
risk management procedures.   
The Management Board appoints members of the Loan Committee. Ordinary Meetings of the Loan 
Committee are held weekly. 
The Risk Management Committee  
The Risk Management Committee performs functions related to the organization, coordination and control 
of the Issuer’s risk management system, determines and controls risk measurement indicators 
corresponding to the risk appetite acceptable to the Issuer, monitors and assesses specific types of risk, 
mitigation actions and makes decisions in accordance with the Issuer's approved risk management policy 
and risk tolerance / appetite, as well as performs other functions provided for in its regulations.   
The Management Board appoints the members of the Risk Management Committee. The committee 
meets at least once a month.   
The Non-Performing exposure (NPE) Committee 
The NPE Committee’s main purpose is to address issues related to NPE restructuring, additional funding, 
recovery, etc., to ensure the proper implementation of the NPE strategy, to actively reduce the Bank’s NPE 
portfolio, and to carry out other functions set out in its regulations. 
The Management Board appoints members of the NPE Committee. Ordinary Meetings of the NPE 
Committee are held weekly.  
Asset and Liability Management Committee 
The Asset and Liability Management Committee’s main purpose is to ensure sustainable management of 
the Bank's assets, liabilities, and capital, implementing the Bank's strategic business plan. 
The Management Board appoints the members of the Asset and Liability Management Committee. The 
committee meets at least once a month.    
Supervision of the Issuer 
Since 1 January 2020 the Issuer is considered significant for the purpose of relevant regulatory 
enactments and, therefore, it is under the direct supervision of the ECB, acting within the Single 
Supervisory Mechanism. Ongoing supervision of the Issuer being carried out by a dedicated Joint 
Supervisory Team comprising staff of the ECB and the BoL. The Issuer is subject to Supervisory Review 
and Evaluation Process (SREP) assessment that is conducted annually as well as other supervisory 
examination activities and exercises according to the program. In addition, certain Subsidiaries of the 
Issuer, namely, SB Lizingas UAB and SB draudimas GD UAB, are under the supervision of the BoL as 
well. 
Legal Proceedings and Investigations  
Within the framework of the normal business operations, the Issuer faces claims in civil lawsuits and 
disputes, most of which involve relatively limited amounts. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, none of 
the current disputes may have, or have had a significant adverse effect on the Issuer or its financial position.  
Disregarding the above, however, the Issuer notes the following legal proceedings and investigations, 
which may not have and has not had a significant adverse effect on the Issuer or its financial position:

--- Page 101 ---
- 92 - 
 
1. 
Dispute with the BoL, whereby the penalty of EUR 880 thousand was imposed by the BoL. 
As it was indicated in the notification on material events of the Issuer, dated 30 December 2019, the BoL 
carried out a scheduled inspection of the Issuer on credit risk management and compliance with 
requirements of anti-money laundering and counter terrorist financing (AMLCTF). After examining the 
inspection report, the Board of the BoL passed a resolution which obligated the Issuer to eliminate breaches 
of legislation and deficiencies identified by the BoL and imposed a penalty of EUR 880 thousand for the 
breaches and deficiencies in the field of AMLCTF. 
Most of the breaches and deficiencies identified by the BoL had been eliminated by the Issuer before the 
inspection findings were discussed by the Board of the BoL. In addition to that, the Issuer has not detected 
any cases where breaches and deficiencies identified in the BoL inspection report would have been used 
for money laundering and terrorist financing purposes. Thus, the Issuer has decided to contest the above 
resolution of the Board of the BoL and, for this purpose, has filed a complaint with the Vilnius Regional 
Administrative Court.  
Following the ruling dated 12 January 2021, the Vilnius Regional Administrative Court rejected the appeal 
of the Issuer regarding the legality of the decision of the BoL which imposed sanctions on the Issuer. The 
Issuer decided to appeal the decision of the Vilnius Regional Administrative Court which issued a decision 
partially upholding the appeal of Issuer - annulling the decision of the Vilnius Regional Administrative 
Court of 12 January 2021 and transferring the case to the court of first instance for re-investigation. 
On 10 October 2022, the Vilnius Regional Administrative Court in its judgement partially upheld the 
complaint (application) of the Issuer and reduced the fine imposed on the Issuer by the Resolution of the 
Board of the Bank of Lithuania of 20 December 2019 to EUR 440 000. This judgement has entered into 
force and the fine was paid immediately. 
2. 
The court investigation in criminal case in which three employees of the Bank are charged 
The court investigates the circumstances of EUR 7.5 million credit issued to company “Nidos pušynas” and 
its use, performed by Vladimir Romanov (owner of the bankrupted Ūkio bankas).  The actions taken by 
current CEO Vytautas Sinius, who chaired the Loan Committee in 2012 and other two Issuer’s employees 
(who took the positions of Head of Šiauliai Branch and Director of Treasury Department in 2012) are being 
investigated regarding issue of the credit in the aforementioned credit granting process. After examining 
the criminal case regarding the circumstances of the use of the credit granted by the Issuer, Klaipėda 
Regional Court has rendered acquittal and annulled all allegations against the Issuer’s employees. An 
appeal against the said decision of the court of first instance has been submitted to the Lithuanian Court of 
Appeal for examination.  The case has been heard and the court should adopt a decision on the 5th of July. 
The ongoing process does not affect the continuity of the Issuer’s performance and its daily operations. 
The Issuer meets all the requirements and standards set out for the Issuer’s activities and the obligations 
assumed with regard to the clients are and will be fulfilled. The Issuer has informed the BoL and the 
investors publicly via the material event notifications about the ongoing investigation. The Issuer may not 
evaluate, what decision the Court of Appeal will take in this case.  
3. 
The claim of EUR 518 thousand against the Issuer  
A legal entity brought an action against the Issuer following which a plaintiff claimed for EUR 518 
thousand as the unpaid payment under the guarantee, issued by the Issuer. The plaintiff alleges that the 
Issuer wrongly refused to pay the Contract Performance Guarantee to the plaintiff.  
The 1st instance court rejected the claim on 21 December 2020. The court’s decision was appealed by the 
plaintiff on 18 January 2021, and the appeal was dismissed. The plaintiff filed the claim to the Supreme 
Court of Lithuania which on 15 November 2020 annulled the decision of the court of appellate instance 
and referred the case for retrial to the Court of Appeal of Lithuania. On 12 January 2023 the Court of Appeal 
of Lithuania satisfied the plaintiff’s claim in full. The Issuer has fully paid to the plaintiff with respect to 
the latter decision adopted by the Court of Appeal of Lithuania. 
The outcome of this case will have no impact on the results of the Issuer’s performance, continuity and its 
daily operations.   
Anti-Money Laundering, Combating the Financing of Terrorism Activities and Sanctions 
Implementation Activities

--- Page 102 ---
- 93 - 
 
The Issuer has a continuous focus on anti-money laundering (“AML”), combating the financing of 
terrorism (“CFT”) and international sanctions. Existing and new AML and CFT measures are being 
reviewed and developed considering national and international legislation on the prevention of money 
laundering and terrorist financing and the implementation of international financial sanctions, national and 
supranational risk assessments, best banking and business practices, international guidelines and the 
recommendations developed by international anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing 
working groups. 
The Issuer conducts an Enterprise-Wide ML/TF Risk Assessment, taking into account customer risk, 
country or geographic region risk, product or service risk and product or service channel risk. The 
assessment is conducted at least annually10. If it is determined that existing measures are insufficient to 
manage the risks, a risk management/mitigation plan is being developed and presented to the Management 
Board and the Risk Management Committee, together with the assessment results. 
To ensure compliance, the Issuer has developed and implemented a comprehensive set of measures to 
identify, manage and control its risks. The risk is being addressed by ensuring that internal control functions 
(i.e., applying the model of three lines of defence, enhanced measures in case of high-risk customers, etc.) 
are designed properly and implemented to effectively mitigate inherent risks, and by engaging in a proactive 
dialogue with correspondent banks to match their risk appetite and systematic co-operation with the 
supervisory as well as law enforcement authorities. Among other controls, the Issuer organises and delivers 
different types of AML, CFT and sanctions training for its employees in different positions.   
To mitigate related risks of not detecting prohibited persons, organisations and entities, the Issuer focuses 
on compliance with applicable sanctions laws and guidelines, recommendations and standards issued by 
local regulatory and supervisory authorities and relevant international organisations, as well as those issued 
by local Banking Associations and Financial Crime Investigation Service.   
The Issuer evaluates on an ongoing basis its customer base for revaluation of AML/CFT risk level with 
regard to each customer. In accordance with the AML/CFT risk level assigned to them, customer data is 
periodically revaluated. Customer specific risk is continuously updated to reflect the change in defined risk 
factors. In addition, the internal customer risk scoring system is being evaluated on a regular basis by the 
internal compliance function. 
The Issuer monitors transactions according to predefined scenarios and thresholds that are based on 
legislative requirements, international standards, industry guidance and internal assessment of risks posed 
by customers, products, services, channels and geographies, including frequency and volumes of 
transactions, as well as external and emerging threats. The scenarios and thresholds are reviewed at least 
annually. In addition, staff are able to raise any concerns or suspicions through an internal reporting process. 
Any identified suspicious transactions and activity is reported to the national FIU, Financial Crime 
Investigation Service, as required by national law.  
 
 
 
10 The Issuer also conducts an Enterprise-Wide Sanctions Risk Assessment at least biannually.

--- Page 103 ---
- 94 - 
 
MARKET ENVIRONMENT 
The information presented in this section has been extracted from publicly available sources and 
documents. The source of external information is always given if such information is used in this section. 
While reviewing, searching for and processing macroeconomic, market, industry or other data from 
external sources such as the European Commission or government publications none of it has been 
independently verified by the Issuer, the Arranger (the Dealer) or any of their affiliates or the Issuer's 
advisers in connection with the Programme. 
The Issuer does not intend to and does not warrant to update the data concerning the market or the industry 
as presented in this section, unless such duties arise out of generally binding regulations. 
Lithuania  
The Lithuanian banking market is considered stable and well-developed. It has a strong regulatory 
framework in line with European Union (EU) standards and operates under the supervision of the Bank of 
Lithuania, the country's central bank. The Lithuanian banking market is dominated by a few major players 
(including Swedish banking groups Swedbank and SEB as well the Luminor Lithuanian branch). These 
banks hold significant market shares and provide a wide range of services to both individuals and 
businesses. While a few banks dominate the market, there has been a gradual increase in competition in 
recent years. This has been partly driven by the entry of new market players, the expansion of existing 
banks, and the development of financial technology (fintech) companies offering innovative financial 
services. Banks in Lithuania are increasingly focusing on innovation to enhance customer experience and 
offer new products and services. This includes the development of online and mobile banking platforms, 
digital payment solutions, and other technological advancements to meet evolving customer expectations. 
The challenges that arose in 2022 did not slow down lending activity, with a significant increase in the loan 
portfolio of EUR 3.5 billion (15.5%) – to almost EUR 26 billion. Weakening economic activity and rising 
interest rates have so far not had a major downward impact on the quality of the banking sector’s loan 
portfolio of 2022. The elevated economic uncertainty was reflected in the provision costs of many banks in 
the last quarter of the year, but provisioning levels are still below the average of euro area banks. In 2022, 
deposits continued to grow at a rate like that of 2021. Excluding the impact of the Revolut Group, the 
growth in deposits was nearly EUR 3.8 million (10.9%) to EUR 38.1 billion. Against the backdrop of 
weaker growth and rising inflation, following the ECB’s decisions to raise interest rates, the banking sector 
saw exceptionally high profitability ratios. The banking sector’s unaudited profit was EUR 468 million, or 
42.7% higher than in 2021. The banking sector’s profitability was mainly driven by strong growth in net 
interest income, which was particularly strong in the last quarter of the year. 
Economy in which the Issuer and its Subsidiaries operate (Lithuania) 
Recently, developments in the world economy have been better than expected. In late 2022 and early 2023, 
gas prices in Europe fell back to the levels seen before the launch of Russia’s military aggression against 
Ukraine. The good labour market situation, sizeable fiscal aid measures and the expectations of businesses 
and consumers that were no longer deteriorating made it possible to avoid the previously forecast 
contraction of the euro area economy at the end of the year. Economic trends in some other countries are 
also more favourable than previously projected. Lithuania’s economic activity has so far been distinguished 
by faster deceleration. In 2022, the average quarterly change in real GDP in Lithuania was negative (-0.1%), 
compared with an average increase of this indicator by 0.5% in the euro area over the same period. This 
economic development in Lithuania was strongly influenced by a significant surge in inflation that reduced 
real income of households and curbed private consumption. Partly because of the sanctions imposed on the 
movement of goods, the contraction of the transportation sector also reduced economic activity. 
Manufacturing also contracted last year due to higher energy and other commodity prices as well as 
weakening demand in foreign markets. These unfavourable trends were only partly offset by improved 
performance in agricultural activity because of more abundant harvest and by an increase in the construction 
of residential buildings and engineering structures.  
The labour market has been only marginally affected by the sluggish economic development. Last year, the 
number of employed people went up by 5.1%,2 and the unemployment rate declined to 5.9%, i.e., to its 
lowest level since 2009. This is likely to reflect the prevailing sentiment of companies not to hurry to shed 
additional hiring as the slower economic development seems to be short-lived, and the shortage of staff will 
continue to be an issue once economic growth picks up again. However, at the end of 2022 and early this 
year, there were signs of easing in labour market tensions. The job vacancy rate has been declining recently,

--- Page 104 ---
- 95 - 
 
and the share of companies, the activity of which are constrained by staff shortages, has fallen as well. The 
share of such companies in construction, industry and trade is already close to the long-term average. The 
slight slowdown in wage growth for staff earning more than the minimum monthly wage may also reflect 
the easing of labour market tensions.  
Further economic development will be driven by growing purchasing power of households, rising 
investment and an improving situation of external trade partners. The negative average quarterly change in 
real GDP which was recorded in 2022 in Lithuania is expected to turn positive this year. Economic activity 
should be enhanced by a recovery in private consumption, as nominal income of households is projected to 
rise more than prices this year, contrary to last year. In other words, real income of households is expected 
to pick up again in 2023. This year, general government investment is also expected to contribute to 
economic growth more than last year. In 2023, the flow of EU support funds for investment is projected to 
increase markedly. The economic situation of external trade partners should also gradually improve. The 
average quarterly change in real imports of trade partners, which was negative in 2022, is expected to be 
positive in 2023. This should have a positive effect on the exporting sector of Lithuania’s economy. All 
these factors will contribute to a consistent strengthening of economic growth. Lithuania’s real GDP is 
projected to increase by 1.3% in 2023 and by 3.2% in 2024.  
Price pressures are easing slowly. As a result of greater diversification of supply and reduced use of energy 
commodities in different countries, international prices for these commodities have fallen sharply. For this 
reason and because of the base effect, the impact of energy prices on annual headline inflation in Lithuania 
has recently been more than twice as low as in September 2022, when it peaked. Energy prices that rise at 
a slower pace are the main contributor to the fall in headline inflation in Lithuania. The price pressures are 
slowly easing in global agricultural markets as well. The increase in supply and the fall in demand for these 
products lead to a drop in their prices in the mentioned markets. Partly for this reason and due to the base 
effect, food price growth is already slowing down in Lithuania, too. Other price increases, namely for 
services and industrial goods, are much less pronounced. These prices are more closely linked to 
Lithuania’s domestic economic development and are therefore strongly affected by unit labour costs which 
have been rising at a very fast and steady pace so far. However, unit labour costs are expected to increase 
less in the coming years, which will have a dampening effect on price increases that are more closely linked 
to domestic economic development. These factors are expected to lead to a rather marked fall in headline 
inflation over the projection horizon. Inflation, which stood at 18.9% in 2022, is projected to reach 9.0% in 
2023 and 2.7% in 2024.

--- Page 105 ---
- 96 - 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does not purport 
to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in those countries or 
elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax 
laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, 
principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of 
those countries. This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus. It does 
not take into account any developments or amendments thereof after that date, whether or not such 
developments or amendments have retroactive effect.   
The summary covers Lithuanian tax consequences of ownership and disposition of the Notes for a resident 
entity or a non-resident entity acting through a permanent establishment in Lithuania (the “Lithuanian 
Holder”) or a non-resident entity which is not acting through a permanent establishment in Lithuania that 
holds such Notes (the “Non-Lithuanian Holder”).   
As used in the preceding paragraph, a “resident entity” means an entity which is legally established in 
Lithuania and a “non-resident entity” means an entity which is legally established or otherwise 
organized outside Lithuania.  
Taxation of non-resident entities acting through a permanent establishment in Lithuania is the same as that 
of resident entities defined above, if such a non-resident entity earns interest income or capital gains through 
its permanent establishment in Lithuania. Therefore, it is not separately outlined in further Sections of 
this Base Prospectus. For relevant details on the taxation of Lithuanian permanent establishments of non-
resident entities as Noteholders, please refer to the taxation of resident entities.  
Withholding Tax, Income Tax  
Taxation of interest  
Payments to Lithuanian Holders  
Payments in respect of interest on the Notes (including, to the extent applicable, the positive difference 
between the redemption price and the issue price of the Notes) to a resident entity will be included into 
calculation of its taxable profit. Taxable profit will be subject to corporate income tax at a general rate of 
15% or an incentive rate applicable to the Noteholder. Banks and credit unions, including central credit 
unions and branches of foreign banks in the Republic of Lithuania, shall pay additional 5% corporate 
income tax on taxable profits (subject to special calculation rules) exceeding EUR 2 million.   
Payments to Non-Lithuanian Holders   
Payments in respect of interest on the Notes (including, to the extent applicable, the positive difference 
between the redemption price and the issue price of the Notes) to a non-resident entity which is registered 
or otherwise organized in a state of the European Economic Area or in a state with which the Republic of 
Lithuania has concluded and brought into effect double tax treaty, will not be subject to withholding tax in 
Lithuania, upon submission of a document confirming the entity's registration residence. Payments in 
respect of interest on the Notes to a non-resident entity other than listed above will be subject to 10% 
withholding tax.  
If the Issuer as an interest-paying person is unable to identify the Noteholder (knowing only it is a corporate 
entity) and determine such Noteholder’s eligibility for a lower tax rate or exemption from withholding tax, 
payments of interest in respect of the Notes (including, to the extent applicable, the positive difference 
between the redemption price and the issue price of the Notes) to any such Noteholder will be subject to 
10% withholding tax to be withheld and paid to the budget of the Republic of Lithuania by the Issuer.  
Taxation on Disposition of Notes   
Payments to Lithuanian Holders   
Capital gains (i.e., the difference between the sale price and acquisition price) on disposal of the Notes 
received by a resident entity will be included into calculation of its taxable profit. Taxable profit will be 
subject to corporate income tax at a general rate of 15% or an incentive rate applicable to the Noteholder.

--- Page 106 ---
- 97 - 
 
Banks and credit unions, including central credit unions and branches of foreign banks in the Republic of 
Lithuania, shall pay additional 5% corporate income tax on taxable profits (subject to special calculation 
rules) exceeding EUR 2 million.  
Payments to Non-Lithuanian Holders  
The disposal of the Notes by a non-resident entity which is not acting through a permanent establishment 
in Lithuania will not be subject to any Lithuanian income or capital gains tax.  
Registration and Stamp Duty  
Transfers of the Notes will not be subject to any registration or stamp duty in Lithuania.  
Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall 
Lithuanian tax consequences of the ownership of the Notes. 
FATCA  
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign 
passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. 
The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including 
Lithuania) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United  
States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as 
the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with 
respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to 1 January 2019 and Notes that are 
characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a defined term) for U.S. 
federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final 
regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would 
be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date 
(including by reason of a substitution of the Issuer). However, if additional notes (as described under 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously issued 
Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under 
FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of 
the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax 
advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, the Issuer or any 
other person will not be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 107 ---
- 98 - 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
United States of America 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes, 
(i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche, as certified to the Issuer by Dealer within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and Dealer will have sent to each dealer 
to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other 
notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any 
offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
United Kingdom 
Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further dealer appointed (if any) will be required to 
represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
Issuer; and 
(b) General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors  
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further dealer appointed (if any) will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area or in the United 
Kingdom . For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one or more of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Republic of Lithuania 
Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further dealer appointed (if any) will be required 
to represent, warrant and agree, that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer for subscription or purchase or 
issue invitations to subscribe for or buy any Notes or distribute any draft or definite document in relation 
to any such offer, invitation or sale in the Republic of Lithuania other than in compliance with the Law on

--- Page 108 ---
- 99 - 
 
Securities of the Republic of Lithuania and any other laws applicable in the Republic of Lithuania governing 
the issue, offering and sale of Notes. 
The Dealer Agreement  
Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, it has complied 
and will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it 
purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands 
this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealer to comply with 
all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, 
sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related 
offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealer shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any 
specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealer described in the paragraph headed 
"General" above. 
Neither the Issuer or Dealer represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating any such sale. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification may be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of a supplement or 
modification relevant only to a particular Tranche of Notes) or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 109 ---
- 100 - 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. Authorisation  
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by the resolution of the Management Board of 
the Issuer dated 13 June 2023.  
2. Legal and Arbitration Proceedings  
The Group Companies are not involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including 
any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), during a period 
covering at least the previous 12 months which may have or have had in the recent past significant effects 
on the Issuer and/or Group’s financial position or profitability.  
Disregarding the above, however, the Issuer has indicated certain legal proceedings and investigations, 
which may not have and has not had a significant adverse effect on the Issuer or its financial position (please 
see Legal Proceedings and Investigations).  
3. Significant/Material Change  
Since 31 December 2022 there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or the 
Issuer and its Subsidiaries nor any significant change in the financial position or performance of the Issuer 
or the Issuer and its Subsidiaries. In addition to that, there has been no significant change in the financial 
position of the Group which has occurred since 31 March 2023.  
4. Auditors  
KPMG Baltics UAB has audited the consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 
31 December 2022, for the year ended 31 December 2021 and has reviewed consolidated financial 
statements of the Group for the 3-month period ended 31 March 2023. All these financial statements 
are incorporated into this Base Prospectus by reference. Audit company issued unqualified auditor’s 
reports regarding all these financial statements.  
KPMG Baltics UAB is member of the Lithuanian Chamber of Auditors. 
5. Documents on Display  
Electronic copies of the following documents (together with English translations thereof, where applicable) 
may be obtained from during normal business hours at the offices of the Issuer at Tilžės str. 149, Šiauliai, 
the Republic of Lithuania, and Šeimyniškių str. 1A, Vilnius, the Republic of Lithuania, or at www.sb.lt for 
12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus:  
(i) 
the Articles of Association of the Issuer;  
(ii) 
this Base Prospectus.  
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus, 
information on the website of the Issuer does not form part of this Base Prospectus.  
6. Material Contracts  
On 22 November 2022, the Issuer and Akcinė bendrovė "Invalda INVL", legal entity code 121304349, 
registered at address Gynėjų str. 14, Vilnius, the Republic of Lithuania, signed an agreement to merge 
segments of their retail businesses. Following the transaction, the Issuer, in addition to the financial services 
it already provides, will add the management of second and third-pillar pension and investment funds in 
Lithuania to its portfolio and will expand life insurance business throughout the Baltic States. The life 
insurance business in Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia is expected to be integrated into SB draudimas, legal 
entity code 110081788, registered at address Laisvės ave. 3, Vilnius, the Republic of Lithuania, a company 
controlled by the Issuer. The pension and investment funds business in Lithuania will be managed through 
a newly established company owned of the Issuer - UAB “SB Asset Management”, legal entity code 
306241274, registered at address Gynėjų str. 14, Vilnius, the Republic of Lithuania. The merged retail 
business would include 237,5 thousand retail clients of INVL Group (UAB INVL Life (operating in the

--- Page 110 ---
- 101 - 
 
Republic of Lithuania, Republic of Latvia, Republic of Estonia) and UAB "INVL Asset Management")) 
and the management of EUR 1,04 billion of retail client assets (as at 30 September 2022), about 190 pension, 
investment fund management and life insurance professionals. The value of the transaction is EUR 40,2 
million. As the transaction is expected to be completed by the end of 2023, the transaction price may be 
subject to the adjustments at the closing date.The Management Board and the Supervisory Council of the 
Issuer and its Audit Committee made the decisions necessary for the approval of the transaction on 22 
November 2022. The Conflicts of Interest (the “COI”) were successfully managed during the process of 
adoption of respective decisions as two members of Supervisory Council Darius Šulnis and Valdas 
Vitkauskas who were in COI recused themselves from the decision taking.  
On 1 February 2023, the Competition Council of the Republic of Lithuania granted the authorisation to 
carry out the concentration by Šiaulių Bankas indirectly, through the newly established company, acquiring 
the retail investment fund management and pension fund management businesses, conducted in Lithuania 
by „Invalda INVL“ and indirectly, through life insurance UAB „SB draudimas“, by acquiring the life 
insurance business of „INVL Life“ and thus acquiring sole control over these businesses, as well as 
acquiring the assets managed by UAB FMĮ "INVL Financial Advisors", which are necessary for the 
execution and administration of the business to be acquired. 
Extraordinary General Meeting of Issuer’s Shareholders held on 22 February 2023, approved the 
performance of the concluded agreement regarding merger of AB “Invalda INVL” retail asset management 
and life insurance businesses with Issuer. 
The transaction is expected to be completed by the end of 2023, subject to the necessary approvals from 
the banking supervisory authorities and  the fulfilment of the other conditions set out in the agreement. 
There are no other contracts except the above-mentioned (not including contracts entered into in the 
ordinary course of business) that have been entered into by the Issuer that are, or may be, material or contain 
provisions under which the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries has an obligation or entitlement which is, or 
may be, material to the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations in respect of the Notes.  
7. Clearing of the Notes 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Nasdaq CSD. The appropriate common code and the 
International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) in relation to the Notes of each Tranche will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as 
shall have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate information.  
8. Issue Price and Yield  
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer in consultation with the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue 
in accordance with prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes or the method of 
determining the price and the process for its disclosure will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. In the 
case of different Tranches \ of Notes, the issue price may include accrued interest in respect of the period 
from the interest commencement date of the relevant Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first 
Tranche or, if interest payment dates have already passed, the most recent interest payment date in respect 
of the Series) to the issue date of the relevant Tranche.  
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated as of the relevant 
issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is not an indication of future 
yield.  
9. Dealer transacting with the Issuer  
Dealer and/or its affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in 
the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealer 
and its affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities 
(or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and 
for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or 
instruments of the Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. Dealer or its affiliates may have a lending relationship with

--- Page 111 ---
- 102 - 
 
the Issuer and may, in such cases, routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their 
customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealer and their affiliates would hedge such exposure 
by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of 
short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short 
positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes under the Programme. The Dealer and their 
affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research 
views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they 
acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.   
10. The Legal Entity Identifier  
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 549300TK038P6EV4YU51.  
11. Issuer Website  
The Issuer’s website is www.sb.lt. Unless specifically incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised 
or approved by the BoL. 
12. Validity of prospectus and prospectus supplements  
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus after the 
end of its 12-month validity period.

--- Page 112 ---
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Šiaulių bankas AB 
Tilžės str. 149 
Šiauliai 
Lithuania  
DEALER 
Luminor Bank AS 
represented within the Republic of Lithuania by Luminor Bank AS Lithuanian branch 
Konstitucijos ave. 21A 
Vilnius 
Lithuania  
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
As to Lithuanian law: 
to the Issuer: 
to the Dealer: 
WALLESS 
Upės str. 23 
Vilnius 
Lithuania 
TGS Baltic 
Konstitucijos ave. 21A 
Vilnius 
Lithuania 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
KPMG Baltics UAB  
Lvivo str. 101  
Vilnius 
 Lithuania