--- Page 1 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
1
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Aker Horizons ASA 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Global Coordinators, Green Bond Advisors and Senior Bookrunners: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Senior Bookrunner: 
 
 
 
 
 
Joint Bookrunners: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Lysaker, 16 July 2021

--- Page 2 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
2
Important information 
 
The Base Prospectus is based on sources such as annual reports and publicly available information and forward-
looking information based on current expectations, estimates and projections about global economic conditions, as 
well as the economic conditions of the regions and industries that are major markets for Aker Horizons ASA’s (the 
Company) lines of business. 
 
A prospective investor should consider carefully the factors set forth in Chapter 1 Risk factors, and elsewhere in the 
Prospectus, and should consult his or her own expert advisers as to the suitability of an investment in the bonds. 
 
IMPORTANT – EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any bonds includes a legend 
titled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" and/or "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the bonds 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (‘EEA’) and/or in the United Kingdom (the 
“UK”). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the 
PRIIPs Regulation) (and for UK, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation)) 
for offering or selling the bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA and/or the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA and/or the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation and/ or the UK PRIIPS Regulation. 
 
MiFID II product governance and/or UK MiFIR product governance – The Final Terms in respect of any bonds 
will include a legend titled “MiFID II product governance” and/or “UK MiFIR product governance” which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the bonds and which channels for distribution of the bonds are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the bonds (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
 
This Base Prospectus is subject to the general business terms of the Bookrunners, available at their websites 
(www.dnb.no, www.nordea.no, www.paretosec.com, www.seb.no and www.swedbank.no).  
 
The Bookrunners and/or any of their affiliated companies and/or officers, directors and employees may be a market 
maker or hold a position in any instrument or related instrument discussed in this Base Prospectus and may perform 
or seek to perform financial advisory or banking services related to such instruments. The Bookrunners' corporate 
finance department may act as manager or co-manager for this Company in private and/or public placement and/or 
resale not publicly available or commonly known.   
 
Copies of this Base Prospectus are not being mailed or otherwise distributed or sent in or into or made available in 
the United States. Persons receiving this document (including custodians, nominees and trustees) must not 
distribute or send such documents or any related documents in or into the United States. 
 
Other than in compliance with applicable United States securities laws, no solicitations are being made or will be 
made, directly or indirectly, in the United States. Securities will not be registered under the United States Securities 
Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States without registration or an applicable exemption from 
registration requirements. 
 
The distribution of the Base Prospectus may be limited by law also in other jurisdictions, for example in non-EEA 
countries. Approval of the Base Prospectus by Finanstilsynet (the Norwegian FSA) implies that the Base Prospectus 
may be used in any EEA country. No other measures have been taken to obtain authorisation to distribute the Base 
Prospectus in any jurisdiction where such action is required. 
 
The Base Prospectus dated 16 July 2021 together with a Final Terms and any supplements to these documents 
constitute the Prospectus. 
 
The content of this Base Prospectus does not constitute legal, financial or tax advice and potential investors should 
seek legal, financial and/or tax advice. 
 
Unless otherwise stated, this Base Prospectus is subject to Norwegian law. In the event of any dispute regarding 
the Base Prospectus, Norwegian law will apply.

--- Page 3 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
3
TABLE OF CONTENTS:  
 
1 RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................4 
2 DEFINITIONS ................................................................................................................. 13 
3 PERSONS RESPONSIBLE .................................................................................................. 14 
4 STATUTORY AUDITORS ................................................................................................... 15 
5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER ................................................................................... 16 
6 BUSINESS OVERVIEW ..................................................................................................... 19 
7 ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE ........................................................................................ 34 
8 TREND INFORMATION ..................................................................................................... 35 
9 ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES ............................................. 36 
10 MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS ................................................................................................ 38 
11 FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE COMPANY'S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES ...................................................... 39 
12 DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE ................................................................................................ 42 
13 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS THAT CAN BE ISSUED UNDER THE BASE PROSPECTUS ................ 43 
14 THIRD PARTY INFORMATION AND STATEMENT BY EXPERTS AND DECLARATIONS OF 
ANY INTEREST ....................................................................................................... 52 
BOOKRUNNERS’ DISCLAIMER ............................................................................................. 55 
ANNEX 1 ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION FOR AKER HORIZONS ASA ........................................... 56 
ANNEX 2 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ...................................................................................... 57 
ANNEX 3 TEMPLATE FOR FINAL TERMS FOR FIXED AND FLOATING RATE BONDS ...................... 58 
ANNEX 4 CURRENT LEGAL STRUCTURE OF THE GROUP .......................................................... 59 
ANNEX 5 HOLDINGS .......................................................................................................... 60

--- Page 4 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
4
1 Risk factors   
Investing in bonds issued by Aker Horizons ASA involves inherent risks.   
 
As the Company is the parent company of the Group, and primarily a holding company, the risk factors for the 
Group are deemed to be equivalent for the purpose of this Base Prospectus. 
 
The risks and uncertainties described in the Prospectus are risks of which the Company is aware and that the 
Company considers to be material to its business. If any of these risks were to occur, the Company’s business, 
financial position, operating results or cash flows could be materially adversely affected, and the Company could 
be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with the bonds.  Prospective investors 
should carefully consider, among other things, the risk factors set out in this Base Prospectus, before making an 
investment decision.  
 
An investment in the bonds is suitable only for investors who understand the risk factors associated with this type 
of investment and who can afford a loss of all or part of their investment. 
 
1.1 Risks relating to the Company and the business in which the 
Company operates 
The Company is newly established with limited operating history. 
The Company, which is intended to operate as an investment company, was established in November 2020, and 
has limited operating history. The Company intends to invest and actively manage its ownership interests in 
various portfolio companies (listed or unlisted) – in which the Company’s direct or indirect ownership interest may 
vary. The Company’s current portfolio mainly comprise of a 51% ownership in each of Aker Carbon Capture ASA 
(“ACC”) and Aker Offshore Wind AS (“AOW”), approximately a 77.2% ownership in Aker Clean Hydrogen AS 
(“ACH”), 75% ownership in Mainstream Renewable Power Limited (“Mainstream”), 49.9% ownership in 
SuperNode (holding 50% of all voting shares), 100% ownership in Rainpower Holding AS (“Rainpower”), in 
addition to a 24.7% industrial holding in REC Silicon ASA (“REC Silicon”). ACC, AOW and ACH are also relatively 
new companies with limited operating history. 
 
Risks that may materialise in relation to a newly established Company with limited operating history, include, but 
are not limited to, implementation of systems, routines and/or other integration measures taking a longer time 
and/or being costlier than anticipated. Furthermore, return calculations, budgets and accounting based on 
forecasts and assumptions change or vary over time and there can be no assurance that the actual results of the 
Company and its portfolio companies will be in line with the Company’s current calculations and budgets. 
 
The Company may fail to execute, or change, its strategy. 
The Company has an ambition to grow and expand further beyond its current portfolio. The Company may, 
however, due to, inter alia, external factors or internal decisions, fail to execute or change its current strategy and 
pursue alternative strategies. For instance, the Company is subject to changes in market conditions, regulatory 
frameworks, availability of expertise and resources, access to funding, and, in respect of internal decisions, the 
Company relies on each of the boards in the respective portfolio companies in regards to having the right 
governance and composition, competencies and qualifications to fulfil the fiduciary duties of each board as well as 
to secure growth and success for the various portfolio companies. The Company’s failure to execute its strategy, 
including an amendment of the current strategy, could have a material adverse effect on the business, results of 
operations and financial condition of the Company. Combined with the Company’s limited operating history, the 
risk that the Company may fail to execute its strategy makes it difficult to assess the outlook for the Company’s 
future revenues and other operating results. 
 
The Company faces operational risks through the business of its portfolio companies. 
The Company’s portfolio companies are currently involved in various industries, including but not limited to 
offshore wind, carbon capture, hydrogen, the solar industry, onshore wind and the hydropower plant supply and 
services industry. Activities in these industries, as well as potential future industries/adjacencies within the 
Company’s investment mandate, are often capital intensive and affected by cyclical variations and causes 
operational risks for the Company through its portfolio companies. The Mainstream business in particular is 
significantly capital intensive as Mainstream has various funding commitments and cash requirements imposed 
by certain equity contribution agreements, joint ventures, shareholders agreements and finance facility 
agreements. 
 
Operational risks are, among other things, related to the extent to which the companies are able to adjust their 
activity to changing market conditions as well as their ability to execute on complex projects and operations within 
acceptable time and cost boundaries. Many of these industries are highly competitive and the Company’s portfolio 
companies’ market positions and revenues can be affected if the portfolio companies are unable to compete 
efficiently. Furthermore, as regards the operations of Mainstream, the Company risks that the revenues generated 
by Mainstream may be particularly affected by the lack of take-or-pay obligations in certain power purchase

--- Page 5 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
5
agreements (“PPAs”) as the distribution companies can reduce the volumes under all of their PPAs in case of 
lower energy demand, leading to the project company being forced to sell its surplus output on the spot market. 
Rainpower delivers turbines, other components and services to its customers on contracts often based on lump 
sum compensation, therefore margins may be affected by unpredicted changes in project execution costs. 
Customer contracts may also include terms which may be onerous to the relevant portfolio company. The ACH 
business, including construction of industrial hydrogen plants, is also highly capital intensive, and the Group will 
require additional equity and/or debt financing to participate in the realisation of its planned projects and future 
prospects. In addition to the aforementioned, the Group is also subject to a number of operational risks as further 
described below. Materialisation of such operational risks could have material adverse effect on the business, 
results of operations and financial condition of the Company’s portfolio companies, which in turn may reduce the 
value of the Company’s shareholdings in such companies or reduce the future earnings of the Company. 
 
As part of its business plan, the Company may, from time to time, acquire other businesses or divest 
some of its businesses. Acquisition and divestment activities are attached with risk of lack of intended 
synergies, integration risks and costs, and risk of other losses. 
The Company and its subsidiaries will most likely both acquire new businesses and divest existing businesses as 
part of the Company’s strategy going forward. The rationale for such acquisitions and divestments could include, 
among others, to buy businesses considered to be compatible and advantageous to the Company’s business, to 
obtain synergies or to dispose of non-core businesses. As many of the Company’s investments are listed shares, 
the Company could acquire or divest shares as part of a balancing of its portfolio and make use of opportunities it 
sees in the stock market. 
 
However, acquisitions and divestments may not lead to the intended synergies or value development. For 
acquisitions, the cost of integrating the new business and employees may, for example, exceed the advantages. 
Further, acquisitions may expose the Company to reputational damage or other claims, even if extensive due 
diligence is performed in advance of the acquisition, and/or customary M&A insurance is obtained. Acquisitions 
could also result in the incurrence of debt, impairment of goodwill or restructuring charges. Each risk could 
adversely affect the Group’s financial condition. In a divestment, although the divestment agreement would 
usually generally limit the Company’s liability as seller towards the buyer, the divestment could expose the Group 
to claims from the buyer of a divested business for breaches of covenants, representations and warranties as well 
as to breach of specific indemnities. Any of the above could have a material adverse effect on the business, 
results of operations and financial condition of the Group. Further, any of the above may reduce the value of the 
Company’s shareholdings or reduce the future earnings of the Company, as described further below. 
 
Future earnings of the Company depend on the profitability and development of the Company’s portfolio 
companies. 
Future earnings of the Company depend on the earnings of its portfolio companies being distributed to the 
Company and/or on the potential realisation of any ownership interests in the portfolio companies. There is a risk 
that the portfolio companies from time to time may need to enter into financing arrangements whereby its 
possibility to distribute any dividend may be restricted. Mainstream is currently subject to broad restrictions on 
distribution of dividends in certain of its current financing facilities. ACC, AOW, and ACH are currently not subject 
to any such restrictions, but there can be no assurance that any of these companies will not take on such 
restrictions in the future as part of its financing arrangements. Materialisation of such risk may reduce the future 
earnings of the Company. 
 
There is an uncertainty of future contract awards in many of the business segments in which the Company’s 
portfolio companies operate, which renders future earnings and profitability uncertain. If the companies are not 
successful in securing contracts, their earnings will be negatively affected. For instance, ACC, AOW, ACH, 
Mainstream and Rainpower have several planned projects or prospects on-going and planned tenders and 
auction processes which will define the future level of the Company’s activity, capacity and competency. The 
Company’s earnings will also be negatively affected if the Company’s portfolio companies are not successful in 
securing contracts, resulting in a negative effect on their earnings and profitability. 
 
The Company’s ownership in its portfolio companies may be diluted if the Company does not participate 
or is not offered to participate on a pro rata basis or at all, in future equity raises in the portfolio 
companies. 
As an active owner of its portfolio companies, the Company is expected to participate in future equity capital 
raises associated with the aforementioned companies, which the Company may require external debt or equity to 
finance. It can, however, not be guaranteed that the Company will be offered or be able to participate in future 
equity raises on a pro rata basis or at all. If the Company does not participate in future equity capital raises in the 
portfolio companies, its ownership will be diluted and the Company may not have the same degree of influence in 
the portfolio companies as it does currently, i.e. 51% in each of ACC and AOW, approximately 77.2% in ACH, 
24.7% in REC Silicon, 100% in Rainpower, 75% in Mainstream and 49.9% in SuperNode Ltd. (“SuperNode”), 
which in turn may prevent the Company from executing its strategy.

--- Page 6 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
6
1.2 Risks relating to the Group and the industry in which the Group 
operates 
The Company is dependent upon its ability to hire and retain qualified employees. 
The success of the Company is dependent upon its ability to hire, retain, and utilise qualified personnel and senior 
management, both on the Company level and for each of the portfolio companies. As an active owner, the 
Company also works through the boards of the portfolio companies and is relying on each of the boards having 
the right composition and competences. The Company has a very limited management group and is therefore 
specifically vulnerable to changes in its management team. However, even if the Company were to successfully 
hire and retain qualified employees, there is no guarantee that the Company will achieve its business and 
financial objectives. 
 
Furthermore, the Company is dependent on retaining qualified personnel to continue the Mainstream and 
Rainpower businesses. As newly acquired businesses, the Company has limited knowledge and experience with 
Mainstream’s and Rainpower’s operations and will to a large extent rely on qualified employees within the 
acquired businesses with relevant experience and knowledge for a successful further development. Any of the 
above could lead to the Company’s failure to execute its strategy and business plan for the portfolio companies, 
which in turn could have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations and financial condition of 
the Group. 
 
The Company’s business aims to operate in a rapidly changing technological environment. 
The industries within the Company’s investment mandate, currently comprising, inter alia, carbon capture and 
storage, onshore and offshore wind power, solar power, silicon materials and hydrogen technology and 
hydropower technology, are under ongoing development. Changes and developments in these industries may be 
driven by competitors of the Company’s portfolio companies with substantially greater resources than those of the 
Company and/or the portfolio companies and the attractiveness of the portfolio companies’ technical solutions 
relative to other providers’ solutions is uncertain, which may adversely impact the competitive position of the 
Company’s portfolio companies. If any of the Company's portfolio companies should fail to have a technical 
advantage or the preferred technical solutions in the market in which they operate, this could materially affect the 
value of the portfolio companies which may have a material adverse effect on the Company, its business, 
prospects, financial position, operating results and future opportunities. 
 
Part of the Company’s portfolio companies’ operations are at an early stage of their development and their 
technologies, combined with the continued developments, changes in industry standards, regulations for the key 
services and products delivered may cause difficulties for the Company’s portfolio companies to introduce new 
products and services. Any material delays in introducing products, services and enhancements, inter alia, as a 
result of the failure to comply with industry standards, may result in a failure to attract new customers and existing 
customers may forego the use of the Company’s portfolio companies’ products. This may have a material adverse 
effect on the Company’s portfolio companies and consequently the Company’s business, prospects, financial 
position and operating results. 
 
The Company’s portfolio companies are dependent on the use of certain technology and intellectual 
property rights and may unintentionally violate third party intellectual property rights. 
The Company’s portfolio companies rely on a variety of intellectual property rights, other proprietary information 
and trade secrets, which are used in its services and products. The relevant portfolio companies may not be able 
to successfully preserve such intellectual property rights, proprietary information and/or trade secrets, and 
intellectual property rights of these companies could be invalidated, circumvented, or challenged. In addition, the 
laws of some foreign countries in which the services and products of the Group may be sold do not adequately 
protect intellectual property rights. Further, current and future intellectual property rights relied upon by the 
Companies portfolio companies, may not necessarily be registered. Failure to protect intellectual property rights 
or other information and/or trade secrets used in the services and products used or owned by the Company’s 
portfolio companies could have a material adverse effect on the Company and its portfolio companies’ competitive 
position, and consequently the Company’s business, prospects, financial position and operating results. 
 
The Company’s portfolio companies have daily interactions with several third-party intellectual property right 
holders, and the existing rights which are used in the Company’s portfolio companies’ development projects and 
its daily business, are regulated through agreements with the owners of the intellectual property rights. Most of 
the intellectual property rights for the Group's material product offerings are owned by third parties and, while the 
Group has valid licenses to use the intellectual property rights and these rights are clearly defined, regulated and 
governed, the fact that some of the Company’s portfolio companies’ core business is dependent on intellectual 
property rights of others, makes such portfolio companies particularly exposed to unintended violations. Both 
AOW and Principle Power Inc. (“PPI”) (in which AOW holds an ownership interest of approximately 47%) hold 
rights to design for floating foundations for offshore wind farms. Discussions relating to a specific design are 
ongoing and there is a risk that the discussions will not be concluded in line with AOW’s position. There is a 
further risk that new disagreements or uncertainties pertaining to inter alia the ownership of such designs or the 
use thereof may arise in the future.

--- Page 7 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
7
Any claim that the Company’s portfolio companies are infringing a valid and enforceable patent or other 
intellectual property rights, or their loss of the right to use third-party intellectual rights, may result in the relevant 
portfolio company being denied access to those rights, which would likely cause a significant disruption in said 
portfolio company’s business and force it to incur substantial costs to develop and implement alternative, non-
infringing technology or products. This could also lead the relevant portfolio company’s licenses and customers to 
bring warranty claims against it. This could involve significant obligations and/or costs to the relevant portfolio 
companies in question, which could have a material adverse effect on the relevant portfolio companies’ business, 
prospects, financial position and results of operations, and consequently the Company. 
 
Some of the Company’s portfolio companies are dependent on third-parties 
As some of the Company’s portfolio companies are newly established or have limited operating history, e.g. ACH, 
AOW and ACC, such companies are dependent on third-parties such as Aker Solutions, providing them with 
access to certain services and resources required for execution of its projects. Inability or unwillingness of such 
third parties to provide the required services may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s portfolio 
companies’ and the Group's business, results of operations and/or financial condition. 
 
The Group is subject to risks relating to third party rights and approvals. 
The Company and its portfolio companies may be required to obtain third party rights, such as, inter alia, land 
rights, in order to develop their projects and prospects. For instance, certain Mainstream early stage projects have 
not yet obtained real estate rights, planning permissions, interconnection or grid connection rights necessary for 
further development of the projects. The Group’s dependency on such rights represent a considerable risk and if 
the Group does not obtain and/or retain the necessary third-party rights that it requires to operate its business, it 
may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, operations and financial results. 
 
The Company and its portfolio companies may also be dependent on approvals from third parties, including 
governmental authorities. Such approvals are usually outside of the Group’s control and represent a general risk 
to the Group and its business, especially in light of the Company’s aim to expand and grow.. Thus, there is a 
certain uncertainty of e.g. future contract awards in many of the business segments in which the Company’s 
portfolio companies operate, which renders future earnings and profitability uncertain. Further, a failure to obtain 
such an approval could have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations and financial 
condition of the Group. 
 
The Group is subject to risk related to cooperation agreements and partnerships. 
The Company and its portfolio companies may conduct its business through consortiums and/or through 
companies where the relevant Group company is not the sole shareholder (directly or indirectly). This applies, 
inter alia, for the Mainstream business, and SuperNode, and any future portfolio companies and their business. 
 
The Group's ability to receive dividends and other payments from such companies may depend not only upon 
said companies' cash flows and profits, but also upon the terms of agreements with the other shareholders of said 
companies (to the extent applicable). Conflict or disagreement with such shareholders may lead to majority 
decisions against the Group’s interests or a deadlock and result in the Group's inability to pursue its desired 
strategy and/or force it to exit from such companies. Also, agreements with such shareholders, or the virtue of not 
being the sole shareholder, may restrict the Group's freedom to carry out its business. Each of the parties’ rights 
and obligations under agreements with other shareholders may also be vague and subject to different 
interpretation. There can be no assurance that the Group's partners in such companies will continue their 
relationships with the Group in the future, that any agreements entered into have contemplated all situations or 
potential conflicts between shareholders, or that the Group will be able to pursue its stated strategies with respect 
to its joint ventures and the markets in which they operate. This in turn, may have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's revenues, profitability, cash flows and financial condition. 
 
The Company’s portfolio companies also have collaborative relationships through various forms of agreements, 
partnerships and investments. The progress of projects and prospects could be dependent on consents from 
partners in the consortiums. The shareholders in such partnerships may have been selected in light of, inter alia, 
compatibility of capabilities, access to know-how and technology, local content rules and regulations in such 
jurisdictions where the Group operates amongst other. Hence, withdrawal by such partners from such 
partnerships and / or changes of such partners’ business or business strategy and / or changes in such rules and 
regulations may have a negative impact on the Group’s project portfolio and its ability to operate in such 
jurisdiction(s). 
 
Risk of violations of anti-corruption laws. 
The Company’s portfolio companies’ business operations and sales are conducted globally and in markets with 
significant corruption risk and is in general subject to anti-corruption laws in multiple jurisdictions, such as South-
Africa, Chile, Vietnam, Philippines, China, Mozambique, Tanzania and other emerging economies, which 
amongst other things prohibits improper payments and requires the Group to maintain accurate books and 
records as well as appropriate internal controls. Any violations may incur civil and criminal penalties or other 
sanctions, or cause the Group to suffer significant internal investigation costs or reputational harm, increase the 
risk of business interruptions or restrict the portfolio companies’ ability to operate in certain countries. All of the

--- Page 8 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
8
above could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations, 
reputation and/or prospects. 
 
The Group may be party to various claims, legal proceedings or disputes, including class action lawsuits. 
The nature of the business of the Group exposes the Group to the risk of claims, legal proceedings and disputes 
(including litigation, arbitration and administrative procedures) with customers, cooperation partners, contractors 
and suppliers, governments, as well as disputes over claims in relation to personal injury, environmental issues, 
intellectual property rights, tax matters, securities matters, labour and employment matters, unionising and 
collective action, discrimination matters, payments, privacy and personal data, data security issues, competition 
and anti-trust issues. The COVID-19 pandemic has had global implications on supply chains and several 
suppliers have presented force majeure claims on this basis. Although Mainstream has progressed these claims 
on a continuous basis, not all claims have been resolved to date. Rainpower is and may from to time be, involved 
in discussions and claims with its customers and suppliers regarding final settlement and compensation with 
respect to project deliveries. The Group cannot predict with certainty the outcome or effect of any future claim or 
other litigation matters or disputes. Any litigation or dispute may have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, financial position, results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects due to potential negative 
outcomes, the costs associated with prosecuting or defending such lawsuits, and the diversion of management's 
attention to these matters. Any claims against the Group could result in professional liability, product liability, 
criminal liability, warranty obligations, and other liabilities which, to the extent the Group is not insured, or cannot 
insure, against a loss, could have a material adverse impact on the business, results of operation, financial 
condition, cash flows and/or prospects of the Group. 
 
The Group may conduct provisions to cover the expected outcome of proceedings and disputes to the extent that 
negative outcomes are likely and reliable estimates can be made, but the final outcome of these and other cases 
may be subject to uncertainties and resulting liabilities which may exceed booked provisions. 
 
The Group is subject to risks relating to changes in laws and regulations and is dependent on licenses, 
permits and approvals to operate. 
The Company’s current portfolio companies are, and future portfolio companies are expected to be, subject to a 
wide variety of national and international laws and regulations in relation to their operations. Any breach of laws 
can be costly, can expose the Company’s portfolio companies to liability and can limit their options. 
 
Furthermore, the Company’s portfolio companies are required to obtain certain permits and approvals from 
governmental authorities for further development of existing projects and will also be dependent on governmental 
license approvals and rights to commence and continue their operations. This applies for many of the projects 
which the Company’s portfolio companies intend to execute. For example, for AOW, licenses from relevant 
authorities are required in order to build offshore wind farms. For Mainstream, in relation to development projects 
in South Africa planning and environmental permits which are material to the operation of the relevant project are 
not yet obtained. For ACC, the Twence project is awaiting decisions from relevant governments. There is a risk 
that the portfolio companies will not obtain such necessary licences, approvals or rights, that the portfolio 
companies will not be successful in relevant auction processes, or that obtaining such licenses, approvals or 
rights will require significant resources or is made conditional upon terms not favourable to the portfolio 
companies and as such to the Company, that in turn may have a negative effect on the portfolio companies’ 
financial position, operations and results. The increased competition in the renewable energy production industry 
in which many of the Company’s portfolio companies operates may also decrease the attractiveness of relevant 
projects (including with regards to bid prices and rate of return on such projects). The portfolio companies’ 
dependency on such permits and approvals represent a considerable risk and if the portfolio companies do not 
obtain the necessary permits and approvals they require to operate their business, it may have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s businesses, operations and financial results. Any lack of necessary permits and approvals 
could have a material adverse effect on the projects and prospects of the portfolio companies. In several regions 
the regulatory and fiscal framework should be considered as ‘in the making’ as the industries in which the Group 
currently operates are early stage. Furthermore, there is a risk that the relevant governments may change the 
requirements for obtaining such licenses, rendering it more expensive, difficult or, indeed impossible for the Group 
or the Group’s potential customers to obtain such necessary licenses. 
 
The Company and its portfolio companies are operating in an industry that is subject to significant focus 
by regulators 
The Company and its portfolio companies are operating in an industry that is subject to significant focus by 
regulators in Norway and internationally. The current and future regulatory framework related to sustainability, and 
the EU Taxonomy ((EU) 2020/852) in particular, may affect the Company and its portfolio companies’ current and 
planned operations as well as their stakeholders’ strategic decisions substantially. The industries within the 
Company’s investment mandate, currently comprising, inter alia, carbon capture and storage, onshore and 
offshore wind power, solar power, silicon materials and hydrogen and hydropower technology, are largely 
considered to be important industries in climate change mitigation. The extent to which the Company’s and its 
portfolio companies’ economic activities will be considered sustainable, and environmentally sustainable in 
accordance with the EU Taxonomy ((EU) 2020/852) in particular (“Taxonomy-aligned”), is subject to a case-by-
case assessment in light of the applicable regulatory framework from time to time. It at this point in time not

--- Page 9 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
9
known to what extent the Company’s and its portfolio companies’ economic activities will be Taxonomy-aligned. In 
addition, the requirements to qualify as a Taxonomy-aligned activity will be subject to regular revision going 
forward in line with a net-zero trajectory. The Company and its portfolio companies will therefore need to assess 
the regulatory framework regularly and may wish to - or consider it appropriate to - change their current strategy 
and pursue alternative strategies. The current and future regulatory framework related to sustainability may 
therefore have a material adverse effect on the Company’s and its portfolio companies’ strategies, the market 
conditions, access to funding and/or their cooperation with business partners. 
 
Several of the Company’s portfolio companies are (to a various degree) expected to be dependent on 
support schemes and regulatory incentives which may not always be available. 
Several of the Company’s portfolio companies’ and their future prospects and counterparties are also, to some 
extent, dependent upon financial support schemes, regulatory incentives and funding from governments or other 
non-commercial institutions to realise their projects. The availability of such support schemes, and the portfolio 
companies’ ability to qualify for and benefit from such schemes, is uncertain, and schemes and qualification terms 
may change. Furthermore, the portfolio companies are consequently subject to claw-back risk, and any changes 
in policies or funding may also impact the portfolio companies’ and their counterparties’ ability to go forward with, 
or complete, existing projects. Existing projects that cannot be completed may have a material adverse effect on 
the Company’s portfolio companies’ business and affect the financial performance of the portfolio companies 
negatively, which, in turn, may have a negative effect on the Company’s yield on its investment in the relevant 
portfolio company. 
 
The Company and its portfolio companies are parties to financing arrangements, and may in the future 
take on debt which in turn could limit its cash flow and operational flexibility. 
The Company and its portfolio companies are party to various financing arrangements. As part of its business, the 
Group will also become party to various forms of debt financings. The current and any additional financing may 
result in restrictions and limitations on the Company's business operations and capital structure, force the 
Company to dispose of current long-term assets and/or to issue additional equity, possibly on unfavourable terms, 
thereby increasing the Company’s vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions, limiting the 
Company's flexibility to make, or react to, changes in the business and industry, and/or place the Group at a 
competitive disadvantage. Failure to make payments or comply with any covenants under existing or future debt 
instruments could result in an event of default and acceleration of amounts due and/or preferential rights in the 
case of sequestration procedures, could trigger cross-default provisions and could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group's business, operations, assets and/or prospects. Due to the existing corporate and project-level 
financing there is, also, limited opportunity to offer security over group assets or guarantees from group entities to 
providers of acquisition financing. Furthermore, any fluctuations in the interest rates of existing debt to be 
assumed as part of the Mainstream Transaction, and any future debt, may affect the Group’s interest costs which, 
in turn, may reduce its cash flows and ability to make distributions to the shareholders. 
 
The Company’s portfolio companies’ projects and prospects are capital intensive, and the portfolio 
companies (and consequently the Company) may need to raise additional funding to finance their 
projects. 
Construction of the Company’s portfolio companies’ projects and prospects, are highly capital intensive, and the 
portfolio companies may require additional equity and/or debt financing to participate in such developments. The 
possibility for, availability and cost of such funding is uncertain, and lack of funding may prevent the portfolio 
companies from developing projects and/or adversely impact their respective business cases, and may, in turn, 
have a material adverse effect on the portfolio companies’ future projects, operations and their financial positions. 
There can be no guarantee that neither the Company nor the portfolio companies manage to obtain additional 
funding on satisfactory terms, or at all, which, in turn, may have a material adverse effect on the portfolio 
companies’ ability to take on new projects, and thereby adversely impacting the Company’s financial position and 
results as well as their own. For instance, Mainstream has historically developed and sold projects, which benefit 
from functional capital markets and ultimately the fact that there are enough interested buyers at a satisfactory 
price. The Company intends for Mainstream to continue with such project sales, but may also retain operating 
assets. If the conditions of the capital markets deteriorate and/or there is an absence of interested buyers at 
satisfactory terms of Mainstream’s assets, making it challenging or impossible to obtain new capital, this may 
have a material adverse effect on the Group Companies operations and prospects and ultimately the Company’s 
financial position 
 
The Group may be exposed to currency exchange rate risks. 
The Company’s reporting currency and functional currency is NOK. A significant portion of the Group's operating 
expenses and certain of its revenues are incurred in currencies other than NOK, including USD, EUR, SEK, UF, 
VND and ZAR. As a result, the Group is exposed to the risks that the foreign currencies may appreciate or 
depreciate, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's results of operations, financial position 
and/or cash flows.

--- Page 10 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
10
The Company’s portfolio companies are subject to risk related to changes in various tax regimes and 
may be subject to indirect taxation. 
The Group has international operations and the renewable energy industry is dependent on, and subject to, the 
prevailing tax regime in the country in which it is operating. If applicable laws, treaties or regulations change 
regarding tax, or if the Group’s and/or the Company’s portfolio companies’ interpretation of the tax laws, e.g. 
regarding the handling of indirect taxation on sales in jurisdictions outside of the EEA, is at odds with the 
interpretation of the same tax laws by local tax authorities, this could have a material adverse effect on the 
Company’s portfolio companies’ and the Group's business, results of operations and/or financial condition. 
Changes can potentially happen at short notice which is a considerable risk that must be considered. 
 
Furthermore, the Group has international operations and may as such be subject to indirect taxation, which may 
have a negative effect on earnings and profitability of the Company’s portfolio companies and thus also the 
Company. For example, Mainstream operates a significant part of its business in Chile and is indirectly subject to 
the Chilean taxation regime. According to Chilean domestic tax legislation, any transfer of more than 10 % of the 
shares or ownership interest in a foreign entity, may be subject to a 35 % indirect transfer tax in Chile where the 
transfer involves the indirect transfer of shares in a Chilean tax resident company. The application of such 
taxation is limited to the situation where the underlying Chilean assets (i) represent at least 20 % of the market 
value transferred, or (ii) have a market value which exceeds approximately USD 150 million. Even when these 
conditions are satisfied, taxation may be restricted under a double tax treaty between Chile and the country of 
residence of the seller. 
 
The Company’s portfolio companies may not be able to maintain sufficient insurance to cover all risks 
related to their operations. 
The renewable energy industry is subject to external influence from legislative and environmental forces creating 
risk in form of delays, cancellations, and its disruption of operations beyond the Company’s portfolio companies’ 
control. The industry is also subject to a number of other risks, including, but not limited to, industrial accidents, 
the controlled use of potentially harmful hazardous materials and labour disputes during production, provision of 
services and installation of products. Such occurrences could result in damage to assets, personal injury, 
monetary loss and possible legal liability. Renewable energy is a global business and insurance companies may, 
from time to time, put limitations on various types of insurance based on geographical and/or, especially, the 
political situation in regions/countries. If the Group extends its activities to, or sells products and/or services to, 
countries where necessary insurance is difficult to obtain, this may lead to insufficient insurance coverage and, as 
a result, otherwise profitable projects may be cancelled, which could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's results of operations, financial position and/or cash flows. 
 
The outbreak of the corona virus (COVID-19) has had and could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business. 
The outbreak of COVID-19 has resulted in a global pandemic which has severely impacted companies and 
markets globally. In the short-term it may have an impact on fulfilment of the Group’s contracts. In particular, 
Mainstream is subject to risk of delays in the construction schedule, risk of not meeting long-stop dates under the 
relevant project financing agreements and/or PPAs and general breach of contract as a result of the COVID-19 
pandemic, including travel bans and disruptions to the supply chain. It is currently not possible to predict the long-
term consequences for the Group, its customers, suppliers or business partners. Any consequences will likely 
also impact the Group and its current and planned investments and projects, including the Group’s ability to raise 
capital or secure financing. Any future outbreak of COVID-19 or other contagious diseases is beyond the Group’s 
control and there is no assurance that any future outbreak of COVID-19 or other contagious diseases occurring in 
areas in which the Group, its suppliers, partners or customers operate, or even in areas in which the Group does 
not operate, will not seriously interrupt the Group’s business. 
 
Contracting parties of the Company’s portfolio companies may, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, trigger force 
majeure provisions under contracts. This may, inter alia, cause delays and non-fulfilment of contractual deadlines 
with a resulting impact on, inter alia, financing agreements. Such breaches may result in claims for remedies of 
breach and rights to termination of the contracts, and have a material adverse effect on the relevant portfolio 
company and ultimately the Company. 
 
The Group is subject to risks related to the volatility of global economic and social conditions. 
The uncertainties and recent downturn of the global economy and other macroeconomic factors, including but not 
limited to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic (as described above) could adversely affect the Group's business. 
The prospects for global economic growth remain uncertain and this may impact the availability of credit and 
terms thereof, liquidity more generally, interest rates and exchange rates, the oil price and the price of other non-
renewable energy sources that may compete with the Group’s renewable energy solutions, which in turn could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group. In addition, volatility in the global economy may have an adverse 
impact on the market’s interest in areas within the Group’s business, including technology development, and 
funding of such. Without a stable and/or growing global economy, the business of the Group may therefore be 
adversely affected.

--- Page 11 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
11
Following the social unrest in Chile in 2019, a country in which the services and products of the Mainstream 
business are carried out and provided, the Chilean Senate froze electricity rates in October 2019 in response to 
protests over national economic conditions and policies. The social unrest in Chile and measures taken in 
connection therewith, results in significant uncertainty and may adversely impact investor confidence and the 
economy, which may have an adverse effect on Mainstream’s business and cash flow, which in turn may have an 
adverse effect on the Group’s business financial results. 
 
The Company indirectly owns 75% of Mainstream and 49.9% of SuperNode and therefore does not have 
full control over the Mainstream and SuperNode businesses. 
Certain shareholders in Mainstream prior to the Mainstream Transaction, including its founder, Dr. Edward 
O’Connor, re-invested and retained an indirect 25% ownership in Aker Mainstream Renewables AS, which owns, 
through its wholly owned subsidiary Mainstream Renewables Holding AS, 100% of Mainstream. The Company is 
a majority shareholder with 75% indirect ownership with a right to appoint the majority of the members of the 
board of directors in Aker Mainstream Renewables AS. The Company is, through its wholly owned subsidiary 
Aker MRP Holding AS, party to a shareholders’ agreement which contains customary provisions, including a 
three-year lock-up on the shares (or until an IPO of Mainstream) held by the minority shareholders, certain 
reserved matters/veto rights for the minority shareholders, right of first refusal to acquire shares in case of 
transfers by the minority shareholders and “drag and tag” provisions. 
 
As part of the Mainstream Transaction, the Company, through its subsidiary SuperNode Holding AS, assumed 
49.9% indirect ownership in SuperNode. Volnay Limited (“Volnay”, being the investment company of Dr Edward 
O’Connor) owns an equal 49.9% share in SuperNode and certain other minority shareholders owns the remaining 
ownership interest in SuperNode. Whilst the Company and Volnay’s shares carry voting rights, the shares held by 
the minority shareholders do not carry voting rights. The Company (through its subsidiary SuperNode Holding AS) 
Volnay and the minority shareholders are party to a shareholders’ agreement. Such shareholders’ agreement 
provides Volnay with the right to appoint the chairman of the board of SuperNode and such chairman shall have a 
casting vote at board meetings of SuperNode. The SuperNode shareholders agreement also contain lock-up 
restrictions until the earlier of three (3) years from closing and (ii) an IPO (subject to additional customary lock-up 
provisions in case of an IPO). The shareholders agreement also contains reserved matters provisions and other 
provisions customary for a shareholders’ agreement of this nature. 
 
The company may fail to execute its strategy and business plan for Mainstream and/or SuperNode in full or partly 
because of certain provisions in the shareholder’s agreements, which prevent the Company from having full 
control over the Mainstream and SuperNode businesses. 
 
Certain matters relating to the Mainstream business are not being covered by W&I insurance policies or 
other indemnities. 
Although the Mainstream Transaction is insured through a warranties and indemnity insurance (“W&I”) and further 
coverage was obtained through additional insurances being conditions precedent to completion of the Mainstream 
Transaction, certain limited matters are excluded from the coverage of such insurances as well as the warranties 
provided by the sellers, such as certain matters regarding the Minority Joint Ventures. Furthermore, recourse 
claims against the sellers for warranties excluded from the insurance policies are for certain matters limited to 
circumstances within the awareness, knowledge and belief of Mainstream's management. Consequently, the 
Company may sustain losses in connection with the Mainstream business that are not covered by W&I insurance 
policies or other indemnities and which the Company thus does not receive a compensation for. 
 
1.3 Risks related to the Bonds 
Risk related to the Bonds not being secured 
The Bonds are unsecured. Rights to receive payment on the Bonds in a default situation will therefore be subject 
to all secured lenders first receiving due payment. Any indebtedness of the Company towards secured creditors 
may furthermore exceed the value of the Company’s assets, in which case the Bondholders may not receive any 
payment on the Bonds in a default situation, and accordingly lose their entire investment. As a result of being 
unsecured the trading price of the Bonds may also be subject to higher volatility, which may have a material 
adverse effect on any investment in the Bonds.  
 
The Company's indebtedness under the Bonds 
Following the issuance of the Bonds, the Company has substantial indebtedness which could have negative 
consequences for the bondholders as: 
i. 
the Company may be more vulnerable to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 
ii. 
the Company may be at a competitive disadvantage compared to its competitors with less indebtedness 
or comparable indebtedness at more favourable interest rates and as a result, it may not be better 
positioned than its competitors to withstand economic downturns; and 
iii. 
the Company’s ability to refinance indebtedness may be limited or the associated costs may increase.

--- Page 12 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
12
At maturity of the Bonds, the Company will have to refinance its outstanding debt under the Bonds or otherwise 
be required to dispose of substantial assets in order to repay the Bonds. The Company’s ability to successfully 
refinance such debt is dependent on the conditions of the financial markets in general at such time. As a result of 
the above, the Company’s access to financing sources at a particular time may not be available on favourable 
terms, or at all. The Company’s inability to refinance its debt obligations on favourable terms, or at all, could have 
a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition as well as the Group's result of 
operations. 
 
Dependency on subsidiaries, portfolio companies, associates and joint ventures to pay amounts due 
The Company’s ability to pay any amounts due on the Bonds is, to a significant extent, dependent on the financial 
performance of its subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures and will depend upon the level of distributions, 
interest payments and loan repayments, if any, received from such entities, any amounts received on disposals of 
assets and equity holdings and the level of cash balances. Certain of the Group's portfolio companies, are and 
may, from time to time, be subject to restrictions on their ability to make distributions and loans including as a 
result of restrictive covenants in loan agreements, foreign exchange and other regulatory restrictions and 
agreements with the other shareholders of such subsidiaries or associated undertakings. 
 
Risks related to the market for the Bonds 
The Bonds are a new issue of securities with no established trading history. Even though the Group will apply for 
listing of the Bonds, no assurance can be made that the Bonds will be successfully listed. The Group has not 
entered into any market-making scheme to ensure liquidity of the Bonds. A liquid trading market for the Bonds 
may not develop or be maintained and investors may not be able to sell the Bonds quickly or at a favourable 
price. This may have a material adverse effect on the price of the Bonds. The Group cannot assure investors as 
to the future liquidity of the Bonds and as a result, investors bear the financial risk of their investment in the 
Bonds. 
 
The trading price of the Bonds may be volatile 
Historically, the market for non-investment grade debt has been subject to disruptions that have caused 
substantial volatility in the prices of securities similar to the Bonds. Any such disruptions could adversely affect the 
prices at which investors may sell their Bonds. In addition, subsequent to their initial issuance, the Bonds may 
trade at a discount from their initial placement, depending on the prevailing interest rates, the market for similar 
securities, the performance of the Company and other factors, many of which are beyond the Group’s control. 
 
Change of Control Event - the Company’s ability to redeem the Bonds with cash may be limited 
Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event (as defined in the bond terms), each individual bondholder 
shall have a right of pre-payment of the Bonds plus all accrued and unpaid interest as established in the bond 
terms. However, it is possible that the Company will not have sufficient funds at the time of the Change of Control 
Event to make the required redemption of Bonds. The Company’s failure to redeem tendered Bonds would 
constitute an event of default under the bond terms, which in turn may result in a cross default throughout the 
Company’s financing structure which may have a material adverse effect on the Company and accordingly the 
Bonds and ultimately the bondholders’ possibility to receive repayment of the Bonds, especially due to the Bonds 
being unsecured as further described above.. 
 
The bond terms will allow for modification of the Bonds or waivers without the consent of all 
bondholders. 
The bond terms will contain provisions for calling meetings of bondholders to consider matters affecting their 
interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all bondholders, including bondholders who 
did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and bondholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
Accordingly, there is a risk that a majority may make resolutions pertaining to the Bonds and the bond terms 
which the minority may not agree and which could potentially could have an adverse effect on the Bonds of the 
pircing of the Bonds. Furthermore, Nordic Trustee AS, as trustee on behalf of the bondholders, (the “Trustee”), 
may, without the consent of the bondholders, agree to certain modifications of the bond terms and other finance 
documents (as such term is defined in the bond terms) which, in the opinion of the Trustee, are proper to make in 
its sole discretion. Such modifications which will be binding upon all of the bondholders as further described in the 
bond terms. Pursuant to the bond terms, remedies afforded to the bondholders are vested with the Trustee, thus 
preventing individual bondholders from taking separate action. The bondholders accordingly face a risk that the 
Trustee will agree to changes or amendments, or take actions, without the explicit consent of each of the 
bondholders, which the bondholders may not agree, and with no or limited possibility of taking separate action. 
Accordingly, the bondholders face a risk that the payment of the bonds may be postponed, nominal bonds may be 
written down, or the bonds may be converted into another financial instrument (debt, equity or hybrid) without the 
individual bondholder’s consent.

--- Page 13 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
13
2 Definitions 
 
ACC 
Aker Carbon Capture ASA 
 
ACH 
Aker Clean Hydrogen AS 
 
AOW 
Aker Offshore Wind AS 
 
Articles of Association 
The articles of association of Aker Horizons ASA, as amended and 
currently in effect. 
 
Base Prospectus 
 This document dated 16 July 2021. 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Norwegian FSA, as 
competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Norwegian 
FSA only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer that is the subjet of this Base Prospectus.  
 
Board or Board of Directors 
The board of directors of Aker Horizons ASA. 
 
Bookrunners 
DNB Bank ASA, Nordea Bank Abp, Norwegian branch, Pareto Securities 
AS, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) and Swedbank Norge, 
branch of Swedbank AB (publ) 
 
Companies Registry 
The Norwegian Registry of Business Enterprises (Foretaksregisteret) 
 
Company/Issuer/Aker Horizons 
Aker Horizons ASA  
 
CCUS 
Carbon capture, utilisation and storage 
 
Final Terms 
Document to be prepared for each new issue of bonds under the 
Prospectus. The template for Final Terms is included in the Base 
Prospectus as Annex 3. 
 
The template for Final Terms has been approved by the Norwegian FSA, 
as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Norwegian 
FSA only approves this template for Final Terms as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be considered 
as an endorsement of the quality of the securities that are the subject of 
this template for Final Terms. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities. 
 
Group 
The Issuer and its subsidiaries from time to time.  
 
IFRS 
International Financial Reporting Standards 
 
ISIN 
International Securities Identification Number 
 
Mainstream 
Mainstream Renewable Power Limited 
 
NGAAP  
Norwegian Generally Accepted Accounting Principles 
 
NOK 
Norwegian kroner 
 
Norwegian FSA 
The Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway 
 
PPI 
Principle Power Inc. 
 
PV 
Photovoltaic 
 
REC Silicon 
REC Silicon ASA 
 
VPS or VPS System 
The Norwegian Central Securities Depository, Verdipapirsentralen ASA

--- Page 14 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
14
3 Persons responsible  
3.1 Persons responsible for the information 
Persons responsible for the information given in the Base Prospectus are as follows: 
Aker Horizons ASA, Oksenøyveien 8, N-1366 Lysaker, Norway 
 
3.2 Declaration by persons responsible 
Aker Horizons ASA declares that to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in the Base Prospectus is 
in accordance with the facts and that the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import.    
 
 
Lysaker, 16 July 2021

--- Page 15 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
15
4 Statutory Auditors   
The statutory auditors for the Issuer for the period covered by the historical financial information has been KPMG 
AS, Sørkedalsveien 6, N-0369 Oslo, Norway, independent public accountants.  The partners of KPMG AS are 
members of The Norwegian Institute of Public Accountants (Nw. Den Norske Revisorforening).

--- Page 16 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
16
5 Information about the Issuer 
5.1 History and development of the Company 
5.1.1 Name and contact details 
The legal name of the Issuer is Aker Horizons ASA, the commercial name is Aker Horizons. 
 
The Company's registered address is at Oksenøyveien 8, 1366 Lysaker, and the Company's website can be 
found at https://www.akerhorizons.com. The Company's telephone number is +47 464 02 317. 
 
The information on the website mentioned above does not form part of the Base Prospectus unless that 
information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. 
 
5.1.2 Place of registration, registration number and LEI code 
The Company is registered in the Norwegian Companies Registry (Nw. Foretaksregisteret)  with registration 
number 925 978 558. The Company’s LEI code is 549300SX4Z9T612Q0N59. 
 
5.1.3 Incorporation, domicile and legal form  
Aker Horizons ASA was incorporated on 1 November 2020 as a private limited liability company under the 
Norwegian Private Limited Liability Companies Act. The Company was converted to a public limited liability 
company, subject to the Norwegian Public Limited Liability Companies Act on 21 April 2021. See also section 7.1 
Description of Group that Issuer is part of.  
 
5.1.4 Objects and purposes  
The Company is an investment company dedicated to investing in, incubating and developing companies within 
renewable energy and other technologies that reduce emissions or promote sustainable living. Through its portfolio 
companies the company is currently involved in various industries, most notably offshore wind, carbon capture, 
solar industry, onshore wind, silicon industry and hydropower plant and supply. The Company intends to invest and 
actively manage its ownership interests in various portfolio companies in order to grow and expand current platforms 
further. Further, the Company’s business plan consists of both launching and incubating new ventures, as well as 
divesting existing businesses. 
 
The company's purpose is to, by itself or together with other parties, invest in and develop companies and 
businesses within energy, climate- and environmental solutions, and infrastructure, and associated technology, 
goods and services, according to the Articles of Association § 2. 
 
5.1.5 Recent events for evaluation of the issuer’s solvency 
There have not been any recent events particular to the Issuer and which are to a material extent relevant to an 
evaluation of the issuer’s solvency. 
 
5.1.6 Changes in borrowing and funding structure since the last financial 
year 
Except for the Green Bond Issue, the Senior Facilities Agreement, the Shareholder Loan and the Convertible Bond 
Issue, as detailed in Section 5.1.9 “Material Contracts”, there have been no material changes in the Company’s 
borrowing and funding structure since the last financial year. 
 
5.1.7 Expected financing of activities 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Company does not have any expect to enter into any new financing 
agreements.

--- Page 17 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
17
5.1.8 Credit rating 
No credit ratings have been assigned to the Company at the request or with the cooperation of the Company in 
the rating process. 
 
 
5.1.9 Material contracts 
Except for the the contracts set out below, the Group has not entered into any material contract outside of its 
ordinary course of business.  
 
Mainstream SPA 
On 19 January 2021, Aker Mainstream Renewables AS (then named Danu BidCo AS) entered into a share 
purchase agreement (the “Mainstream SPA”) for the acquisition of all of the shares in Mainstream, a company 
incorporated in the Republic of Ireland and with its headquarters in Dublin, with the existing shareholders of 
Mainstream agreeing to acquire 25% of Aker Mainstream Renewables AS via a roll-over (the “Mainstream 
Transaction”). The roll-over was underwritten by Volnay, being the investment company of Mainstream’s 
chairman and founder, Dr. Edward O’Connor. Following completion of the Mainstream Transaction, which 
occurred on 11 May 2021, the Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary Aker MRP Holding AS, owns 75% 
in Aker Mainstream Renewables AS and the remaining 25% is owned by shareholders that participated in the roll-
over. As part of the Mainstream Transaction, the Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary SuperNode 
Holding AS, also acquired a 49.9% ownership interest in SuperNode. 
 
The Senior Facilities Agreement 
In connection with the Mainstream Transaction, the Company has obtained a EUR 510,000,000 (or NOK 
equivalent) senior secured multicurrency term and revolving credit facilities agreement dated 18 January 2021 
with DNB Bank ASA and Nordea Bank Abp, Filial i Norge as original lenders (the “Senior Facilities Agreement”). 
The Senior Facilities Agreement consisted of two acquisition bridge term loan facilities of EUR 170,000,000 (or 
NOK equivalent) each, and a EUR 170,000,000 (or NOK equivalent) revolving credit facility (the “RCF”). All the 
facilities are non-amortising and without scheduled reductions. On 3 February 2021 the Company cancelled the 
two acquisition bridge term loan facilities, reducing the Senior Facilities Agreement to consist of the RCF of EUR 
170,000,000 (or NOK equivalent). On 29 April 2021, the RCF was amended and restated into a EUR 400,000,000 
multicurrency revolving credit facility (the “Amended RCF”) with the Company as borrower, and certain Group 
subsidiaries as guarantors and security providers. The Amended RCF can be drawn for general corporate 
purposes of the Group, including for the purpose of funding capex and acquisition costs and expenses (for the 
avoidance of doubt also with respect to the Mainstream Transaction) in addition to payment of dividend. The 
Amended RCF matures three years from its effective date (i.e. on 29 April 2024), however, the Company has the 
possibility to ask the lenders to extend its commitment for two additional terms of 12 months each beyond the 
initial three years, each such extension request will, however, be subject to credit approval from each lender (in its 
sole discretion). The Amended RCF includes customary financial covenants such as a maintenance based loan to 
value covenant and a minimum liquidity covenant. The Amended RCF also include an option for the lenders to 
cancel their commitment in the event that Aker ceases to own or control directly or indirectly, minimum 50.1% of 
the Company, or a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of Mainstream or its subsidiaries. The Amended 
RCF is secured by (i) share pledges on the Company’s indirect shareholding in its current portfolio companies, in 
addition to certain other subsidiaries, and (ii) assignments of certain intra-group loans. Pursuant to the Amended 
RCF, the Company is restricted from paying dividend to its shareholders. 
 
The Convertible Bond Issue 
As part of the financing of the Mainstream Transaction, the Company has issued unsecured convertible bonds in 
the amount of NOK 1,500,000,000 on 5 February 2021 with a tenor of 5 years, a bullet amortisation and carry a 
1.5% p.a. payment in kind (PIK) interest. The bondholders may elect to convert the bonds to Shares in the 
Company at any time during the term of the bond issue at a conversion price which is 25% above the offer price 
of NOK 35 per share in the Private Placement. The Convertible Bond Issue is subject to normal provisions for 
adjustment of the conversion price, and include standard undertakings for this type of convertible bond, including 
a change of control provision whereby each bondholder may put the bonds at 101% if any shareholder of the 
Company, other than Aker Capital and its affiliates, obtains a majority ownership interest in the Company. The 
bonds issued under the Convertible Bond Issue ranks pari passu with other subordinated debt of the Company 
but is subordinated to senior debt of the borrower in the event of a default under any of the Company’s financial 
arrangements. 
 
Aker Capital underwrote the Convertible Bond Issue in full, and were allocated NOK 1,200 million in the 
Convertible Bond Issue. 
 
The Green Bond Issue  
The financing of the Mainstream Transaction is also partially made by an unsecured green bond issue in an 
amount of NOK 2,500,000,000 (the “Green Bond Issue”) with a tenor of 4 years, a bullet amortisation and carry an 
interest rate of 3M NIBOR + 3.25% margin. The terms of the Green Bond Issue include customary financial 
covenants such as an incurrence based loan to value covenants and a minimum liquidity covenant. The net

--- Page 18 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
18
proceeds from the Green Bond Issue shall be applied towards eligible green projects, including acquisitions, in 
accordance with the green finance framework of the Company of January 2021, which captures the Mainstream 
Transaction. The Green Bond Issue is subject to customary green bond terms in the Norwegian bond market. The 
Company may exercise call option for outstanding bonds, subject to a redemption premium, but in any event no 
earlier than the interest payment date in August 2023.  
 
The Rainpower SPA  
The Company, through its subsidiary, has also acquired Rainpower in 2021 for a cash consideration of NOK 8.5 
million. The transaction was completed on 26 March 2021. In connection with this acquisition, NOK 104.2 million 
in existing debt in Rainpower have been refinanced (whereas part of the NOK 50 million in Non-current 
borrowings and part of the NOK 73.1 million in Current borrowings) with a subordinated perpetual equity linked 
loan agreement (assessed as hybrid capital within equity for pro forma purposes). Also, Rainpower have entered 
into a new NOK 53,000,000 senior secured facilities agreement, the purpose of which is to provide financial 
support to Rainpower and certain of its subsidiaries through both existing and new credit facilities. For the 
purpose of the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Financial Information, it is assumed that this facility has not 
been utilized, and as such no pro forma adjustments have been performed. 
 
Aker Shareholder Loan  
On 27 January 2021, , the Company obtained an unsecured shareholder loan from Aker Capital in the amount of 
NOK 2,000 million (the “Shareholder Loan”) as part of an internal reorganisation of the Group. The Shareholder 
Loan has a tenor of 5 years without scheduled amortisation, and carry a 6.0% p.a. fixed interest. Under the 
Shareholder Loan, the Company has an option to elect to defer any interest payment (in whole or in part), at 
which all deferred interest shall accumulate and remain outstanding until paid in full, at the latest on the maturity 
date. If any interest is deferred, the interest rate for the principal amount will increase to 7.0 % p.a. for as long as 
any deferred interest is outstanding. Deferred interest will not accumulate any interest, and the Company may 
elect when the deferred interest is paid (up until the maturity date). The Company shall however pay any deferred 
interest prior to paying any dividend. The Shareholder Loan is a subordinated loan, ranking pari passu with other 
subordinated debt of the Company but is subordinated to senior debt of the borrower in the event of a default 
under any of the Company’s financial arrangements. 
 
ACC - Asset Purchase Agreement 
On 17 July 2020, ACC entered into an asset purchase agreement with Aker Solutions ASA for the acquisition of 
personnel, technology (including know-how) and intellectual property rights, the Mobile Carbon Capture Test Unit, 
as well as its project and tender portfolio in the CCUS business, together with other industry 
projects/engagements.  
 
AOW - Asset Purchase Agreement  
On 17 July 2020, AOW entered into an asset purchase agreement with Aker Solutions ASA regarding the 
purchase of assets, rights and liabilities that were part of the Aker Solutions group’s wind development business. 
As part of the asset purchase agreement, several contracts regarding the offshore wind business were assigned 
or novated from Aker Solutions to AOW, such as agreements related to projects, portfolios, biddings and 
memorandum of understandings.

--- Page 19 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
19
6 Business overview    
The Company, established in 2020 as the principal platform for Aker’s renewable and green tech investments, is 
a holding company for the Group’s investments, owning a portfolio of companies in the renewable energy and 
green tech space comprising both private and public companies. 
 
In broad terms, the Company, as of the date of this document, distinguishes its holdings/portfolio companies (i.e. 
the entirety of the Company’s investments in other companies) between “platform investments” and a “sunrise 
portfolio”, with the first comprising larger, more mature and/or separately listed entities within certain focus areas 
(which, however, may change over time). The “sunrise portfolio”, on the other hand, comprises smaller, new and 
early-stage ventures as well as minority holdings outside those focus areas, which may or may not mature, grow 
through acquisitions and/or be restructured or consolidated to become platform investments over time. The 
“sunrise portfolio” also includes ongoing initiatives and companies being incubated by Aker Horizons Holding 
before being established as separate legal entities. 
 
The Company owns through its subsidiaries 51% of the shares in each of ACC (admitted to trading on Oslo Børs 
with ticker “ACC”), AOW (admitted to trading on Euronext Growth (Oslo) with ticker “AOW”) and approximately 
77.2% of the shares in ACH (admitted to trading on Euronext Growth (Oslo) with ticker “ACH”). In addition to this 
the Company holds an indirect ownership interest of 75% in Mainstream. These four holdings collectively 
represent the current platform investments of the Company. 
 
Furthermore, as part of its sunrise portfolio, the Company holds a strategic position in REC Silicon representing 
an ownership interest of 24.7% (listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange with ticker “RECSI”). In connection with the 
Mainstream Transaction, the Company acquired a 49.9% shareholding in SuperNode from Mainstream. 
 
The Company, through its subsidiary AH ÅTTE AS, has also acquired 100% of the issued shares (the “Rainpower 
Transaction”) in Rainpower, and contributed with approximately NOK 100 million in capital to transition and 
develop Rainpower into a next generation hydropower technology and solutions provider. 
 
Accordingly, ACC, AOW, ACH, REC Silicon, Mainstream, SuperNode and Rainpower form the Company’s current 
portfolio of industrial companies and holdings. Each of the Company’s portfolio companies work to optimise value 
individually, with separate management teams and boards, but with strong support from the Company within an 
appropriate legal framework for corporate governance principles to ensure activities are optimised across the 
entire portfolio and value chain and to capitalise on the capabilities, competencies, and network of the broader 
Aker ecosystem (as set out below). The Company also supports the portfolio companies with Group functions 
such as treasury services and investment advice. 
 
 
6.1 Principal Investments 
Aker Carbon Capture 
Aker Carbon Capture acquired Aker Solutions’ CCUS business in 2020, and is a pure-play carbon capture 
company with solutions, services and technologies serving a range of industries with carbon emissions, including 
the cement, bio and waste-to-energy, gas-to-power and blue hydrogen segments. Aker Carbon Capture's 
proprietary, carbon-capture technology offers a unique, environmentally friendly solution for removing CO2 
emissions. 
 
ACC offers products, technology and solutions within the field of carbon capture, utilisation and storage, and is 
one of the few companies globally that are involved in the entire CCUS value chain. 
 
As a supplier of carbon capture technologies, ACC is positioned as a main supplier for its customers, sourcing 
components and services from sub-contractors with the ambition to deliver complete carbon capture facilities. Key 
services delivered by the Group include technology development, feasibility studies, project management, 
engineering, procurement and construction/fabrication services, as well as assistance with operations and 
aftermarket services post construction. Together with delivery of the carbon capture plant, the Group sells license 
rights for the use of its general technology components including the patented amine technology used as the 
reagent separating CO2 from the flue gas in the capture process. Delivery models for plants include, but are not 
limited to, the traditional turn-key engineering, procurement & construction (“EPC”) models through to licensing 
models with process design packages, key equipment and standardised modules. All include a performance 
guarantee. 
 
Beyond providing solutions and services associated with a carbon capture plant, ACC also possesses extensive 
knowledge of, and has developed solutions and services for players responsible for transportation, use and 
storage of CO2. These services include solution design with alternative CO2 separation technologies, inter alia,

--- Page 20 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
20
membranes, supporting customers with pre-combustion CO2 steams. ACC is thus positioned to play an integral 
part in developing the CCUS value chain and by having the competence to deliver holistic solutions and guide its 
customers in complex investment decisions. 
 
Business Description 
Through various undertakings over a period in excess of 20 years, an extensive operational experience has been 
acquired by ACC. ACC is now able to provide customers with competence and knowledge throughout the whole 
CCUS value chain, which includes capture of CO2 in industrial flue gasses, liquefaction, transport in pipelines, 
offloading to transportation vehicles, injection and permanent storage, CO2 separation and utilisation while 
ultimately focusing on being a technology and EPC supplier of carbon capture plants. 
 
ACC’s carbon capture technology can be applied on new-built or existing plants both onshore and offshore, and 
across a wide range of emission sources. The mobile test unit (the “MTU”), together with the design and full 
delivery of the Mongstad Test Centre, has been crucial to test and prove ACC’s technology. The MTU is 
container-based for easy transport and hook-up at industrial test sites, and is available for rental (including 
operators) to do pre-studies and test capture at facilities verifying flue gases and reducing risk prior to investing in 
a complete carbon capture plant. This model provides ACC with extensive experience working across various 
industries and proprietary research to further develop its technology.  
 
In order to capture the CO2, ACC uses its proprietary proven technology Advanced Carbon Capture, ACC™, 
which has a CO2 capture rate of ~90-95%, and minimum emission to air and liquid waste as well as unique HSE 
characteristics. This technology uses a mixture of water and organic amine solvent to absorb the CO2 and has 
been qualified for application on a commercial scale after extensive testing and verifications.  
 
There are a number of trademarks and patents related to the ACC technology, including the aforementioned 
patented amine solvent which is used in the carbon capture process. Products and solutions involving the use of 
ACC’s patents, developed technology and acquired know-how include the Just Catch™ modularised carbon 
capture plant for small to medium scale capture and liquefaction (currently available in two models; 40 000 and 
100 000 Tonnes per Annum (“TPA”) CO2), the Big Catch (trade mark under registration) industrial customised 
carbon capture plant for large scale capture and liquefaction (i.e. from several hundred thousand to million TPA 
CO2), and Just Catch Offshore (trade mark under registration) used for installing carbon capture in offshore and 
marine applications. The aforementioned product offering allows ACC to serve a broad spectre of customers with 
varying capacity needs for capture of CO2 both onshore and offshore. 
 
Through continuously developing its current and new technology and solutions it is expected that ACC will be able 
to broaden its offerings and reduce the costs associated with delivering carbon capture plants. Key cost saving 
levers include standardisation, industrialisation and effective delivery models of components and solutions as well 
as advancement on the learning curve as ACC builds experience across industries. The trademarked “Just Catch” 
solution demonstrates ACC’s achievement in developing a standardised and modular carbon capture plant fitted 
in a small number of pre-assembled containers. The plant is designed to be eligible for transportation and easy 
installation on customer sites, reducing the total cost associated with a carbon capture plant. 
 
ACC’s current key projects comprise the following: 
 
Brevik CCS Project 
The Brevik CCS project forms part of Europe’s first industrial demonstration of CO2 capture, transport and 
storage, the Longship Initiative. The Brevik CCS project is the capture of the CO2 from Norcem AS’ (“Norcem”) 
cement plant at Brevik in Norway. The captured CO2 will be transported and injected into a CO2 storage site 
offshore Norway, developed by the Equinor-managed Northern Lights consortium. The Brevik CCS project is split 
in to two different phases; a concept/front-end engineering design (“FEED”) phase and an EPC phase. The first 
phase is complete and delivered. Norcem and ACCN, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, have signed an 
EPC contract and the EPC phase commenced in January 2021. 
 
As security for ACCN’s performance under the EPC contract, ACC has issued a parent company guarantee. In 
addition, as part of the Separation, Aker Solutions AS and Aker Solutions ASA have both provided corporate 
guarantees to Norcem to secure ACCN’s performance.   
 
In order to ensure an efficient execution of ACCN’s obligations under the above EPC contract with Norcem, 
ACCN has awarded a contract for engineering, procurement and management assistance services with Aker 
Solutions AS. The agreement was signed on 21 December 2020. Contracts with key suppliers, such as for the 
compression module and fabrication work, are currently under negotiation. 
 
Twence Project 
The Twence project comprises the delivery of a carbon capture and liquefaction plant at Twence BV’s (“Twence”) 
waste-to-energy plant in Hengelo in the Netherlands based on ACC’s Just Catch technology. The concept 
engineering work has been executed, but the realisation of the complete project is subject to certain conditions, 
inter alia public funding. Project commencement is currently estimated to Q3 2021. The main contract with

--- Page 21 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
21
Twence is with Aker Solutions AS since it was agreed before the Separation, but Aker Solutions AS and ACCN 
are in the process of finalising a back-to-back subcontract agreement passing rights and obligations on to ACCN. 
ACCN is currently contracted to update technical documentation, project schedule and commercial conditions. 
 
MoUs and Cooperations 
In addition to key projects, ACC has entered into numerous cooperation agreements and memorandums of 
understanding (“MoUs”, singular “MoU”) with strategic partners for the purpose of developing technology, market 
offerings and integrated solutions. The same approach has been taken towards customers to ensure support on 
their decarbonisation journey. 
 
The agreements with strategic partners comprise an MoU with Hitachi Zosen Inova (“HZI”), with the purpose to 
accelerate carbon capture solutions in the waste to energy industry in Europe by exploring opportunities to 
develop a joint offering for HZI’s and ACC’s customers. Other cooperations comprise agreements such as the 
technology cooperation agreement with MAN Energy Solutions SE concerning development and 
commercialisation of CO2 compression systems, as well as the cooperation agreement entered into with Haldor 
Topsøe A/S (“Haldor Topsoe”) entailing inter alia development of a competitive process scheme comprising 
Haldor Topsoe’s hydrogen/syngas process with ACC’s post-combustion CO2 capture technology. Furthermore, 
ACC and Siemens Energy have signed an MoU aimed at developing combined offerings for carbon capture 
solutions that can be applied to gas turbines and gas-fired power plants. Most recently, ACC has signed an MoU 
with SINTEF to accelerate deployment of industry scale CCUS through research, development and innovation. 
 
Cooperations with customers comprise an MoU with Vattenfall AS to accelerate the evaluation of future carbon 
capture plants in Sweden and Northern Europe, an MoU with Ørsted A/S and Microsoft to explore ways to support 
the development of carbon capture and storage at biomass-fired heat and power plants in Denmark, and an MoU 
with Forus Energigjenvinning and Lyse to explore development of a full-scale CCS facility in Stavanger/Sandnes 
region in southwestern Norway. 
 
For more information on ACC, please visit www.akercarboncapture.com. 
 
Aker Offshore Wind 
AOW is a pure play offshore wind developer headquartered in Norway and focusing on assets in deep waters 
(deeper than 60 meters). The Group sources, develops and structures offshore wind projects. Operations are in 
Norway and internationally, and the current portfolio consists of development projects and prospects located in 
South Korea (Ulsan), the United States (California), Norway and the UK (Scotland). 
 
The Group is engaged in the development of offshore wind projects, primarily in deep waters utilizing floating 
foundations but also deep-water bottom-fixed technologies. AOW sources opportunities globally and advances 
the most promising prospects. A prospect’s attractiveness is defined by inter alia wind conditions, water depth, a 
country’s power system, energy mix and renewable energy targets, maturity of the local supply chain, grid 
conditions and regulatory and fiscal framework. Early parts of the development process include concept studies, 
environmental studies, wind studies and grid studies. Subject to the positive outcome of such studies and 
business case assessments, AOW advances to discussions and formal processes concerning licensing and lease 
agreements with appropriate authorities, often in the form of local, regional or national government bodies. In 
most instances, AOW forms part of a consortium with other offshore wind development companies and utilities. 
Final investment decision (“FID”) is eventually undertaken when AOW, together with its partners, deems the 
project in question attractive for development. Following FID and financial close, the project moves into the 
execution and construction phase. Following completion of construction, the project is moved into its operational 
phase during which the wind farm will produce renewable energy for a period typically ranging from 20 to 30 
years. 
 
The Group currently holds a portfolio of early development assets, which are in the project development stage, in 
South Korea and the United States, and prospects in Scotland and Norway. On a net basis, AOW holds projects 
and prospects of more than 1.5 gigawatt (“GW”) of potential capacity, which could produce more than 7.0-terawatt 
hour (“TWh”) annually if and when all farms are in full operation. 
 
AOW has entered into a 5-year cooperation frame agreement with operator Aker BP ASA concerning the 
decarbonization of oil and gas producing assets using renewable power from offshore wind.  
 
The long-term ambition of AOW is to become an independent power producer with a balanced portfolio of deep-
water prospects, development projects and producing assets. 
 
AOW’s current key projects comprise the following:

--- Page 22 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
22
KFWind projects, Ulsan, South Korea 
 
AOW together with OW Offshore, SL., (“Ocean Winds”, a joint venture by EDPR and ENGIE SA) holds a stake in 
Korean Floating Wind Power Co., Ltd. (“KFWind”) as a result of an acquisition in October 2019 (AOW owns 
30.6%). The third partner in KFWind is Wind Power Korea Co., Ltd. (“WPK”). KFWind signed a memorandum of 
understanding (“MoU”) with Ulsan City in January 2019 which secures KFWind three potential floating sites for 
development in the Ulsan region. KFWind is one of five consortiums with a MoU in place with Ulsan City for the 
development of offshore wind in the region. Gross capacity for the project is expected to be up to 1 GW . The first 
phase of the project includes the development of a 500 megawatt (“MW”) floating offshore wind farm targeting FID 
in 2024 and commercial operation date in 2026. In May 2020, KFWind acquired a 90% stake in East Blue Power 
Co., Ltd. (“EBP”), which owns the right to develop an offshore wind farm in an area adjacent to KFWind’s other 
two sites.  The gross capacity for the EBP site is up to 500MW, bringing the total of the 3 sites up to 1.5GW. 
 
KFWind deployed light detection and ranging systems (“LiDARs”) (to perform wind measurements) in South 
Korea on 2 October 2020, with the intention to have them operative for at least one year. Following completion of 
the wind measurement data collection, KFWind aims to apply for an electricity business license in H2-2021, a 
requirement to develop a wind project in South Korea.  
 
Redwood Coast Offshore Wind project, Humboldt County, California, USA 
 
AOW’s involvement with the Redwood Coast Offshore Wind project started early in 2018 with the formation of a 
consortium with EDP Renováveis S.A. (“EDPR”) (now Ocean Winds) and PPI. Together with EDPR, AOW 
acquired PPI’s ownership stake in 2019. The consortium was selected to develop offshore wind in a competitive 
process in April 2018 by Humboldt County utility Redwood Coast Energy Authority (“RCEA”). The consortium 
then entered into a cooperation agreement with RCEA whereby the parties agree work together in pursuit of the 
common goal of bringing renewable offshore wind energy to RCEA’s customers. This agreement also established 
principles to be captured in a future public-private partnership agreement between RCEA and the consortium’s 
successor entity to be formed. The public private partnership agreement is intended to be executed in the months 
leading up to the lease award. The consortium aims to develop approximately 150 MW of floating offshore wind in 
the Redwood Coast Offshore Wind project (currently approximately 75 MW net for AOW). The project is sized to 
fit current local grid capacity. The consortium conducted concept studies and a grid agreement with a utility is in 
place. The current project is sized for up to 160 MW, which aligns with AOW’s current queue position of 156 MW 
at the POI at Humboldt 115 kV substation. The infrastructure to connect Humbolt County to the rest of the state's 
electricity grid doesn't exist, meaning it can't export excess electricity. Changing that would require extending 
high-capacity power lines east through Trinity County to connect with the state grid in Cottonwood or building an 
undersea transport system to the south. Both would come with price tag in the hundreds of millions of dollars. 
 
In 2018, the consortium, through EDPR, submitted an unsolicited lease request, and the Bureau of Ocean Energy 
Management (“BOEM”).  BOEM responded to that request with the notice of a general intention to lease the area 
through public auction, but the notice of auction had been continually delayed.  
 
The consortium has now formed an entity, Redwood Coast Offshore Wind LLC (“RCOW”), to take part in the 
lease auction.  The Group owns 50% of the equity in RCOW, with the remainder held by Ocean Winds. 
 
Pursuant to the May 2021 announcement by the Biden Administration, RCOW is preparing for licensing rounds 
slated to occur in mid-2022. FID is scheduled for 2024, while the commercial operation date is expected in 2025.  
 
Various prospects in Norway 
 
Sørlige Nordsjø II and Utsira Nord were opened for license applications starting January 2021 and AOW aims to 
apply for licenses in the respective areas and mature the projects towards FID. Pending development of the 
government framework, FID is expected in 2024 and commercial operation date is expected in 2026 for Utsira 
Nord and Sørlige Nordsjø II as phased development between 2026 and 2029. AOW targets to develop 500 MW of 
gross installed capacity in the Utsira Nord project. Average water depths in the area range from 220 – 280 meters 
making the area suitable for floating offshore wind. Sørlige Nordsjø II is targeted to be 1,200 MW. Due to average 
water depths in the area of around 50 – 70 meters, the area is mainly fit for deep-water bottom-fixed offshore 
wind. AOW currently takes an architect role for the total development concepts, including electrification 
infrastructure, and may set up separate structures for scope outside of the wind farm itself. 
 
The projects’ business models are currently based on long-term PPAs with nearby oil and gas installations as a 
potential element. Production capacity for the first parks will probably exceed local offtake from oil and gas 
installations and export of power to continental Europe is expected to dominate long-term offtake. Electrification of

--- Page 23 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
23
oil and gas assets also on the UK and Danish continental shelves using power from AOW’s projects is currently 
being discussed.  
 
AOW has entered into a collaboration agreement with the Aker Horizons Holding AS and Statkraft AS 
(“Statkraft”), one Europe’s largest renewable energy producer1 to explore the opportunity for cooperating on the 
development and operation of offshore wind farms within the territorial boundaries of Norway. AOW and Statkraft 
have identified Sørlige Nordsjø II as the first project for such potential cooperation and have further agreed to 
continue exploring other opportunities for cooperation in Norway, such as Utsira Nord. 
 
Prospects in the UK, Scotland 
 
AOW has an agreement with a reputable energy company to jointly bid in the upcoming ScotWind process and 
aims to develop more than 500 MW in gross capacity. Lease award is expected first half of 2022, FID in 2028 and 
commercial operation date in 2030.  
 
Principle Power ownership and cooperation 
 
PPI is an innovative technology provider of foundations for the offshore deep-water wind energy market and a 
strong industry brand. PPI’s floating foundation design is seen as one of two bankable designs globally and the 
current pipeline of projects will result in more than 100 MW of installed capacity by 2022. 
On 25 June 2020 Aker Solutions Holding AS (“AKSO Holding”) exercised an option according to the Warrant 
Rights and Share Purchase Agreement for Series A Preferred Stock between AKSO Holding and PPI dated 20 
December 2017, to subscribe for additional shares in PPI, bringing its aggregate shareholding up to a total of 
20.21%. Furthermore, following AOW’s purchase of, inter alios, AKSO Holding’s offshore wind assets during 
summer 2020, including its shares in PPI, AOW has made further acquisitions in PPI during the fall of 2020, 
increasing AOW’s ownership in PPI to approximately 47%. By the completion of these acquisitions, AOW holds 
three of eight board seats and considers that it is entitled to one additional seat, which would give AOW four out 
of eight seats.  
 
AOW has exercised all options to increase its ownership in PPI, but as a holder of preferred stock, the Group has 
pre-emption rights to acquire shares sold by other shareholders in PPI. AOW will, together with other major 
shareholders in PPI and PPI, collaborate to develop the company and to foster PPI’s potential growth. Other 
major shareholders in PPI include EDP Ventures, SGPS, S.A. (“EDPV”), EDPR  and Tokyo Gas Co., Ltd. (“Tokyo 
Gas”). 
 
AOW is party to a cooperation agreement with PPI and plan to use its floating systems competence to support 
further industrialization of PPI’s WindFloat design. The involvement with PPI has led AOW to early-mover 
positions in key markets. 
 
Please also refer to the risk factor “The Company’s portfolio companies are dependent on the use of certain 
technology and intellectual property rights and may unintentionally violate third party intellectual property rights” 
included in Section 1 “Risk Factors”. 
 
For more information on AOW, please visit www.akeroffshorewind.com. 
 
 
REC Silicon 
REC Silicon is a technology and manufacturing company supplying polysilicon and silicon gases applied in 
photovoltaic and electronics industries. The company was established in 1996 under the name Fornybar Energi 
AS, assumed the name Renewable Energy Corporation AS in 2000 and was transformed into a public limited 
liability company (ASA) in 2005. In 2013, Renewable Energy Corporation ASA (“REC ASA”) separated its silicon 
and solar PV businesses into two independent listed companies. The reorganisation of the company’s corporate 
structure, transformed REC ASA into a pure-play manufacturer of polysilicon and silicon gases, motivating a 
change of name to REC Silicon ASA in October 2013. In 2020, Aker acquired a 24.7% strategic position in REC 
Silicon, which from 19 January 2021 is held by the Company as part of its sunrise portfolio. 
 
REC Silicon is a large producer of high-performance polysilicon to the solar energy industry, with over 30 years of 
experience. REC Silicon uses proprietary technology to ensure low cost and a low carbon footprint in its 
manufacturing operations. With its know-how in the area of advanced silicon materials and gases, REC Silicon 
consider itself to be uniquely well positioned to seize opportunities in the fast-growing battery segment. 
 
 
1 https://www.statkraft.no/om-statkraft/

--- Page 24 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
24
Currently, REC Silicon operates two manufacturing facilities in the United States: Moses Lake, Washington 
(currently in a non-operating status) and Butte, Montana. In addition, REC Silicon has a 15% interest in a 
polysilicon production plant located in Yulin, China. 
 
For more information on REC Silicon, please visit www.recsilicon.com. 
 
 
Aker Clean Hydrogen 
ACH is a pure play industrial clean hydrogen developer and operator with the purpose of accelerating global 
decarbonisation. ACH aims to develop, design, construct, and operate modularised industrial-sized clean 
hydrogen plants with strong in-house integrator capabilities and execution organisation. Digital tools, such as 
digital twins, and hydrogen domain expertise will be key enablers for ACH to accelerate learning and reduce the 
levelized cost of clean hydrogen. 
 
ACH is set up with a distinctive develop, build, own and operate business model: 
 
Develop 
 
With a unique system integrator and execution skill-set, ACH is a complementary partner to other developers of 
industrial-scale clean hydrogen production plants. ACH will rely on a dedicated team focused on market 
opportunities, project- and business development. ACH is also expected to benefit from partnership opportunities 
from the Aker group’s broad industrial network, global presence and Aker Horizons green end-to-end value 
chains. ACH will furthermore leverage digital tools and big data in determining viable asset development. 
 
Build 
 
ACH is set up to act on its hydrogen domain expertise, bringing down costs and improving system reliability and 
safety, inter alia by relying on operational and digital competence. ACH aims to develop modular designs, as well 
as re-use engineering and reduce production time with industrial software digitally configured to individual 
projects, ultimately enabled by establishment of effective alliances with key suppliers. 
 
Own and operate 
 
In its operations of hydrogen plants, ACH aims to achieve safe and reliable operations, and high production 
efficiency on the basis of design, experience, data, and artificial intelligence. ACH targets long term agreements 
for off-take with one or several end-users to limit commercial risk and reduce cost of capital. 
 
For more information on ACH, please visit www.akercleanhydrogen.com. 
 
Rainpower 
 
Rainpower is an experienced project organisation and technology company based on Norwegian hydropower 
technology founded by Kvaerner in 1853. Today, Rainpower offers proprietary technologies for integrated 
products and services to the hydropower industry worldwide. Its product and service portfolio ranges from 
turbines, governor systems, control systems and other equipment, maintenance services and rehabilitation, as 
well as technology for hydropower system design and upgrades. Rainpower is headquartered at Lillestrøm, 
Norway, and has offices across Norway, as well as in Sweden, and China. 
 
The Company has acquired 100% of the shares in Rainpower, and has contributed with approximately NOK 100 
million in capital to transition and develop Rainpower into a next generation hydropower technology and solutions 
provider. The Company will combine the engineering and industrial software capabilities of the Aker group with 
Rainpower’s hydropower portfolio and experienced project organisation to reposition Rainpower for growth. 
Rainpower is part if the Company’s sunrise portfolio of companies that are in an early phase or require further 
development to realise their full potential. It will seek to identify and develop concepts for upgrading the 
hydropower installed base to reflect the needs of future power markets, including an increasing need for flexibility 
to rapidly respond to swings in intermittent renewable power generation and for cost-effective and sustainable 
power storage solutions. 
 
The Rainpower group had a consolidated revenue of NOK 489 million in 2019. Currently, Rainpower has 
approximately 194 full-time employees working in Norway, Sweden and China. Delivery of turbines and related 
technologies constituted approximately 85% of the revenue in 2019, and 15% of the revenue was related to 
supply of electrical systems for the hydropower industry. 
 
Rainpower will collaborate with industrial software company, Cognite, to develop a portfolio of applications for 
optimisation of operations, response time, distribution, and trading. Rainpower will also establish a concept

--- Page 25 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
25
development and engineering insight team to become a key partner for the hydropower industry, in addition to 
building an integrated portfolio of operations technologies for next generation dynamic power plants. 
 
  For more information on Rainpower, please visit www.rainpower.eu. 
 
Mainstream 
 
On 19 January 2021, Aker Mainstream Renewables AS (then named Danu BidCo AS) entered into a share 
purchase agreement (the “Mainstream SPA”) for the acquisition of all of the shares in Mainstream, a company 
incorporated in the Republic of Ireland and with its headquarters in Dublin, with the existing shareholders of 
Mainstream agreeing to acquire 25% of Aker Mainstream Renewables AS via a roll-over (the “Mainstream 
Transaction”). The roll-over was underwritten by Volnay, being the investment company of Mainstream’s 
chairman and founder, Dr. Edward O’Connor. Following completion of the Mainstream Transaction, which 
occurred on 11 May 2021, the Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary Aker MRP Holding AS, owns 75% 
in Aker Mainstream Renewables AS and the remaining 25% is owned by shareholders that participated in the roll-
over. As part of the Mainstream Transaction, the Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary SuperNode 
Holding AS, also acquired a 49.9% ownership interest in SuperNode (see further details below). 
 
Mainstream is a global renewable energy company that develops, builds and operates offshore and onshore wind 
farms and solar power plants in high growth markets worldwide. Since its establishment in 2008, Mainstream has 
developed and brought forward assets totalling more than 6 GW (includes Hornsea 1 and Hornsea 2 sold to 
Ørsted A/S pre-financial close) of gross renewable energy capacity to financial close-ready and sold a significant 
number of projects to a range of counterparties. Its global organisation of ca. 335 employees spans across 13 
local offices in 11 countries, with capabilities covering the entire lifespan of renewable energy assets, from 
sourcing and development through to operations. The portfolio of projects under operation, construction and 
development, both wholly and assets owned, includes assets in Chile, South Africa, Vietnam, Philippines, Egypt 
and Senegal. 
 
Mainstream has a material portfolio of renewable energy projects, with a total of 1.4 GW net capacity in operation 
or under construction, as well as a material pipeline of development projects of approximately 11 GW. 
Mainstream is a large developer and constructor of renewable energy in Chile and in South Africa. Also, 
Mainstream participates in a Vietnamese joint venture developing the up to 1.4 GW Phu Cuong Soc Trang 
offshore wind farm in Vietnam, of which Mainstream owns 70%. In addition to this, Mainstream is developing with 
its local partner in the Philippines a 71 MW onshore wind farm. Mainstream is focusing on development of 
offshore projects in the United States and has received full qualification to apply for a lease in California. 
Mainstream was also, inter alia, the developer of the UK’s 5.4 GW Hornsea Zone which is the largest offshore 
wind project in the world (source: https://hornseaprojectone.co.uk/about-the-project#project-timeline-2020) (sold 
to Ørsted A/S in 2015) and the offshore wind farm Neart na Gaoithe in Scotland (sold to EDF Group in 2018). 
 
Because of its previous, ongoing and future projects, Mainstream has a significant in-house renewable energy 
expertise and holds a unique position in the global renewable energy market which in collaboration with the 
Company’s expertise is expected to strengthen Mainstream’s position even further. 
 
Mainstream’s current key projects comprise of the following: 
 
Chile - Andes Renovables, Aela and Chile 3 
 
Andes Renovables, Aela and Chile 3 are Mainstream’s three main platforms in Chile, and consist of both onshore 
wind farms and solar photovoltaic (“PV”) projects. 
 
Andes Renovables is a wind and solar generation platform consisting of 10 projects, structured across three 
wholly-owned portfolios; Cóndor, Huemul and Copihue, with a total combined capacity of 1.35 GW. The Andes 
Renovables platform will, once it is built, be operated by Mainstream. In 2016, Mainstream was, in relation to the 
Andes Renovables platform, the biggest winner in Chile’s largest ever technology-neutral electricity auction, 
taking 27% of the total allocated capacity (source: https://www.mainstreamrp.com/chile/). Chile’s National Energy 
Commission awarded Mainstream a 20-year index-linked, USD denominated contract, to supply 3,366 GWh of 
power annually starting in 2021. The award was a result of the Chilean Government boosting the competition in 
the wholesale market through PPA tenders to supply energy to distribution companies that supply small 
(regulated) customers. Mainstream successfully reached financial close, commencing construction of the Cóndor 
portfolio (574 MW) in November 2019, with targeted commercial operation date (“COD”) across the four projects 
from 2021. The Huemul portfolio (630 MW) reached financial close and commenced construction in August 2020, 
with targeted COD across the five projects in 2022. The Copihue portfolio (150 MW) is expected to reach financial 
close in 2021, with targeted COD in 2023. 
 
Together with its joint venture partner, Actis, Mainstream has a joint venture called Aela Energía S.L. (“Aela”), in 
which Mainstream has a 40% ownership interest. Aela has delivered an additional 332 MW of wind generation in 
Chile, consisting of three operational wind farm projects; Sarco (170 MW), Aurora (129 MW) and Cuel (33 MW),

--- Page 26 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
26
the first of which went into commercial operation in 2014. All three projects were developed and constructed by 
Mainstream. Aela won 64% of total allocated capacity in the 2015 Chilean competitive auction process winning 
two PPAs and in 2016 an additional PPA was awarded for the Aela platform’s Cuel project. 
 
In addition to Andes Renovables and Aela, Mainstream has approximately 2.9 GW of development projects 
through its wholly owned Chile 3 platform. The portfolio comprises 16 renewable projects whereof ca. 1.4 GW are 
wind farms and ca. 1.5 GW are solar PV. The plan is to develop these projects by bidding in upcoming distribution 
companies (“DISCOs”) tenders and participating in bilateral auctions for PPAs with generation companies and 
private sector customers. 
 
Mainstream has secured project financing for its two main construction projects, Huemul and Condor in Chile. The 
Condor portfolio of projects (Alena, Cerro Tigre, Tchamma and Escondido) reached financial close in November 
2019. The Huemul portfolio of projects (Valle Escondido, Pampa Tigre, Puelche Sur, Llanos del Viento and 
CKani) in Chile reached financial close in August 2020. For additional information on Mainstream’s projects in 
Chile, please visit www.mainstreamrp.com/chile/. 
 
Africa - Lekela 
 
Together with Actis and a consortium of investors, Mainstream has an indirect ca. 13.52% ownership interest in 
the Lekela portfolio which consists of eight projects with a total combined capacity of ca. 1,200 MW, of which six 
are in operation, one is in construction and one is under development. For its project West Bakr in Egypt (252 MW 
under construction), Lekela has concluded a 20-year PPA with the state-owned Egyptian Electricity Transmission 
Company starting from the commissioning of the wind farm at the end of 2021. The Taiba (While Taiba is 
operational, the 3rd and final phase of the project is currently subject to final review of testing reports by Senelec 
prior to reaching full and final COD under the PPA) 158 MW project in Senegal holds a 20-year PPA with 
Senelec, the national electricity company in Senegal, pegged to the Euro and supported by a Government 
guarantee. In South Africa Lekela has five owned and operated onshore wind assets (140 MW Loeriesfontein 2 
Wind, 140 MW Khobab Wind, 81 MW Noupoort Wind, 110 MW Perdekraal East Wind and 140 MW Kangnas 
Wind). The five onshore wind projects are part of the Renewable Energy Independent Power Producer 
Procurement Programme Round 3 and Round 4, and have as a part of the programme entered into PPAs with the 
state-owned utility, Eskom. 
 
Mainstream furthermore has a material portfolio of development projects that are being readied for possible bids 
in upcoming rounds in South Africa. In total, Mainstream has a portfolio of +40 development projects with ~3.1 
GW of wind and 2.5 GW of solar PV capacity that are ready to bid in South Africa’s upcoming Round 5 and 
Round 6 Renewable Energy Independent Power Procurement Programme (“REIPPP”) auctions. 
 
Vietnam - Phu Cuong Soc Trang 
 
Mainstream is the indirect co-owner, alongside Phu Cuong Group Corporation (“PCG”), of the up to 1.4 GW Phu 
Cuong Soc Trang offshore wind farm in Vietnam, of which Mainstream owns 70% of the joint venture whilst PCG 
owns the remaining 30%. Once the wind farm is completed it will be the largest wind farm in South East Asia. On 
7 October 2020 Mainstream signed a Joint Development Agreement with Vietnamese company Advanced 
Information Technologies Corporation, a specialist in providing EPC services to power projects and a strong local 
developer of renewable energy projects, to co-develop a 500 MW offshore wind project in Ben Tre province, 
Vietnam. 
 
For more information on Mainstream, please visit www.mainstreamrp.com. 
 
SuperNode 
 
SuperNode was established in 2018 by Mainstream and Dr. Edward O’Connor and is developing SuperGrid 
enabling technology, in particular a proprietary technology for superconducting cable systems for bulk power 
transfer. The technology will utilise a high-performance cryostat and novel thermal management system to unlock 
the potential of superconductors for transmission. 
 
The target is to deliver bulk power transfer systems larger than 2 GW at competitive prices for project developers, 
utilities and transmission system operators (“TSOs”). SuperNode is addressing the need for substantial, 
coordinated and efficient transmission required to support the ongoing energy transition. 
 
The technology will enable superconductors to deliver very high-power, marine-enabled, affordable and reliable 
grid transmission. The technology offers several benefits as compared to conventional technology, such as 
greater power capacity on a single connection, a smaller footprint and zero electrical losses, and has substantial 
market potential to differentiate future offshore wind developments as growing demand creates markets for 
hybrids, clusters, meshes and co-located storage. The principal target markets for SuperNode’s technology are 
large offshore wind power transmission and onshore grid reinforcements.

--- Page 27 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
27
In offshore wind power transmission, SuperNode’s developing technology will enable smaller and more cost-
efficient collector stations as compared to conventional high-voltage direct current (“HVDC”) alternatives. 
Furthermore, by enabling a meshed grid, it will allow for connection of remote renewables to markets where the 
market demand is highest, which will represent a material innovation in the offshore wind market. 
 
For onshore grid reinforcements, all underground, the benefits are smaller footprint and reduced local 
environmental impact relative to conventional solutions, no heat leakage to surrounding soil, and zero energy 
losses in transmission. 
 
Following completion of the Mainstream Transaction, the Company (through its wholly owned subsidiary 
SuperNode Holding AS), owns 49.9% of SuperNode. 
 
For more information on SuperNode, please visit www.supernode.energy. 
 
 
 
6.2 Industry and market overview 
Overall renewable energy market trends 
Renewable energy development is crucial to meet the increasingly important long-term global climate change, 
pollution and sustainability goals. Globally, governments’ enhanced focus on such themes is demonstrated by the 
many global and regional treaties such as the Paris Agreement and a growing number of country specific 
decarbonisation targets. Large corporates and investors have also increasingly been emphasising the importance 
of energy sustainability. This backdrop, together with expected global population growth of 2bn people and a 60% 
forecast increase in global power demand by 2050 (source: BloombergNEF. New Energy Outlook 2020), will drive 
tremendous future growth for renewable energy and, ultimately, lead to a re-shaping of the global energy system. 
 
Global installed power capacity mix, 2019 and 2050 
 
 
 
(Source: BNEF New Energy Outlook 2020) 
 
The competitiveness of renewable energy sources has improved dramatically in recent years, spurred on by a 
rapid reduction in costs. In fact, wind or solar PV now represent the cheapest new sources of electricity in 
countries making up around 73% of global gross domestic product and accounting for two-thirds of the world’s 
population (source: BNEF New Energy Outlook 2020). As the COVID-19 pandemic disrupted the global energy 
sector in 2020, power generation from renewables was the only major source of energy that continued to grow, 
demonstrating its newfound resilience (source: IEA World Energy Outlook 2020). 
 
BNEF estimates that around USD 11 trillion will be invested in renewable energy generation over the next 30 
years, accounting for close to three quarters of all investments into new power capacity over the period. More 
than 90% of this will be in wind and solar generation. As a result, wind and solar PV are forecast to supply 56% of 
all electricity globally in 2050, up from 9% today, with other renewables and nuclear providing a further 20% 
(source: BNEF New Energy Outlook 2020). 
 
The global competitive landscape within renewable energy has strengthened materially in recent years, driven by 
i.a. falling costs and intensified efforts from governments and corporates to accelerate the energy transition. As 
part of this trend, renewable energy has seen significant inflows of capital from new types of investors with lower 
return requirements, including major oil and gas companies, infrastructure funds and pension funds. Increased

--- Page 28 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
28
competition has resulted in lower power contract prices for new projects. This has led to an increased focus on 
enhancing returns through measures like hybridisation (combining two or more renewable energy sources) and 
energy storage solutions, in addition to driving further technological development and increasing efficiency. 
 
Solar Energy Market 
Solar energy is used worldwide for electricity generation, heating and desalinating water. There are two main 
kinds of solar power generation; solar PV and concentrated solar power (“CSP”). Solar PV, or solar cells, are 
electronic devices that convert sunlight directly into electricity. CSP, on the other hand, uses mirrors to 
concentrate solar rays and generate steam to drive a turbine. Solar PV accounts for the vast majority (~99%) of 
current global installed capacity (source: IRENA Statistics (www.irena.org)), and is also the technology which 
Mainstream focuses on. Today’s solar panels have a typical lifespan of around 30 years. 
 
Solar PV is one of the fastest growing renewable technologies and will play a major role in the future global 
electricity generation mix. According to International Renewable Energy Agency (“IRENA”) data, global solar PV 
capacity has increased 25-fold over the last decade. In 2019 alone, installed capacity increased by close to 100 
GW, or ~20% (see figure below). 
 
Global cumulative installed capacity for solar PV and CSP (GW) as of 2019 
 
 
 
(Source: IRENA) 
 
The rapid growth in installed solar capacity in recent years has been driven by a remarkable decline in costs. 
Between 2010 and 2019, the global weighted average levelised cost of energy (“LCOE”) from solar PV fell 82% 
(source: IRENA Global Renewables Outlook 2020), and solar projects now offer some of the lowest cost 
electricity ever seen (source: IEA World Energy Outlook 2020). Looking at the cost developments from 1976 to 
2019 implies a learning rate ‒ i.e. the cost reduction per doubling of deployed capacity ‒ of 28.7% (source: BNEF 
New Energy Outlook 2020). This has been made possible by a combination of technological innovation, 
economies of scale and manufacturing experience. However, costs are expected to drop further in coming years, 
driven by continued improvements in module efficiency levels, as well as further optimisation and cost reductions 
across the value chain. IRENA forecasts solar PV LCOE to fall a further 58% from 2018 levels by 2030. 
 
Solar’s strong growth trajectory is expected to continue. In BNEF’s base case economic transition scenario, solar 
PV is forecast to grow 8.3% per year on average to 2050 with average annual gross deployment of 246 GW 
(including both utility-scale and small-scale PV). In this scenario, solar generates 10% of all electricity worldwide 
in 2030 and 23% in 2050, up from just 3% in 2019 (source: BNEF New Energy Outlook 2020). 
 
Mainstream’s current operational and under construction solar PV assets are located in Chile and South Africa. 
Chile’s unique geography means it has exceptional solar resources with some of the best capacity factors in the 
world. Northern Chile hosts some of the sunniest places on earth, including the Atacama Desert. Solar currently 
makes up 6% of Chile’s power mix (source: IEA), and is expected to grow by ~10% p.a. to 2035 (source: FTI 
Consulting / Mainstream) as the country seeks to meet its ambitious targets of 60% share of renewable energy by 
2035 and 70% by 2050. In South Africa, solar power is at an early stage despite the country’s rich solar resource, 
and currently makes up around 1% of the power mix (source: IEA World Energy Outlook 2020). However, the 
potential for solar energy in South Africa is vast. The country has sunshine all year round (more 2,500 hours per 
year on average), and due to its direct and horizontal solar irradiation levels, it is amongst the countries with the 
most abundant solar resources in the world. Around 20 GW of new renewable capacity is planned by 2030, 
including 6 GW of solar PV capacity (source: South Africa’s Integrated Resource Plan 2019). 
 
Solar PV is an industry comprising a large number of players including large energy companies with presence 
across a range of energy sources Power as well as independent power producers focused on renewables solely 
such as Mainstream, Scatec and Neoen. As such, the industry is very competitive, with many parties participating

--- Page 29 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
29
in the auction rounds for projects which has resulted in certain regions experiencing decreasing returns for 
projects because of competition, such as South Africa, as well as certain regions in Asia and Europe. The strong 
demand from end-markets, particularly in emerging markets where solar is an important source of energy and 
where growth projections are significant, combined with strong capital influx to finance such projects, is expected 
to keep competition high among the many players competing both locally and globally. 
 
Wind energy market 
The first wind turbines emerged as early as the late-1800s, but it is only during the past two decades that 
technological developments and falling costs have paved the way for wind power as a source of utility-scale 
electricity generation globally. Today, wind power is one of the fastest-growing renewable energy technologies, 
with usage on the rise worldwide. According to IRENA data, installed wind capacity globally has grown by 15% 
annually on average over the past ten years. In 2019, installed capacity increased by close to 60 GW, or ~11% 
(see figure below). Wind power costs have fallen significantly over the past decade. Between 2010 and 2019, the 
global weighted average LCOE from onshore wind declined by 45% (source: IRENA Global Renewables Outlook 
2020). Technological advances have led to bigger and more efficient turbines able to access stronger and 
steadier winds, as well as increased output at lower wind speeds. In addition, economies of scale and 
manufacturing learnings have lowered the production cost of wind turbines. By 2030, onshore wind’s LCOE is 
forecast to be a further 25% below 2018 levels, according to IRENA forecasts. Further cost reductions will be 
driven by the continued shift to larger wind turbines with higher hub hights and larger swept areas, which 
improves capacity factors. In BNEF’s base case scenario, the average realised capacity for the global onshore 
wind fleet rises from 26% in 2019 to 36% in 2050 (source: BNEF New Energy Outlook 2020). Installed cost 
reductions will also provide a material contribution, in addition to innovations in operations and maintenance 
which will yield more efficient operations. In general terms, wind is more capital intensive per MW compared to 
solar PV but offers the benefit of higher load factors as it can operate through the night. 
 
Wind speed is the most important factor determining how much energy a turbine produces. Power output from a 
wind turbine is proportional to the dimensions of the rotor and to the cube of the wind speed. In other words, when 
wind speed doubles, wind power potential increases by a factor of eight, all else equal. Many parts of the world 
have strong wind speeds, but many of the best locations in terms of wind speed and variability are offshore. 
Offshore wind therefore offers enormous potential, as described in the separate section below. 
 
The wind power market is expected to continue growing strongly for the foreseeable future. In its base case, 
BNEF forecasts that global wind capacity will grow at an average annual rate of 5.7% to 2050, with 147 GW of 
average gross capacity deployed per year. By 2050, wind energy will account for almost a third of worldwide 
electricity production, compared to just 5% today (source: BNEF New Energy Outlook 2020). Major players in the 
global wind power market include Iberdrola Renewables, EDP Renovaveis, and Enel Green Power. 
 
Mainstream’s current operational and under construction wind assets are primarily located in Chile and South 
Africa, in addition to single projects in Egypt and Senegal. It also has advanced wind development projects in the 
Philippines (onshore) and Vietnam (offshore). Chile’s unique geography offers good wind resources, particularly 
in the south of the country and along the Pacific coast and the mountainous inland border with Argentina. Wind 
accounts for around 4% of Chile’s power mix today (source: IEA), and is expected to post double-digit growth per 
annum to 2035 as the country pursues its ambitious renewable energy targets (source: FTI Consulting / 
Mainstream). South Africa is rich in wind resources given its large land area and long coastline, with strong wind 
speeds, especially along the coastal areas of the Western and Eastern Cape. Wind currently makes up around 
2% of South Africa’s power mix (source: IEA), but is expected to play a major role in meeting the need for 
additional energy generation capacity in coming years. The country’s integrated resource plan from 2019 outlines 
more than 14 GW of additional wind capacity to be added by 2030. 
 
Global cumulative installed capacity for wind (onshore and offshore) (GW) as of 2019

--- Page 30 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
30
 
(source: IRENA) 
 
 
Offshore wind market 
The offshore wind market is a global market and has gained significant traction since the 2000s with a current 
installed capacity of around 29 GW globally (source: Lee, Joyce & Zhao, Feng (2020). Global Wind Report 2019. 
GWEC), as illustrated below. Although a global market, Europe still constitutes the larger part of the global 
offshore wind market. As of 2019, offshore wind has become a significant part of European power generation with 
an installed capacity of about 22 GW, representing a 100% increase over 2015 levels of 11 GW (source: 
WindEurope (2020). Offshore Wind in Europe: Key trends and statistics 2019, EWEA (2016); The European 
offshore wind industry - key trends and statistics 2015). 
 
 
 
 
Global cumulative installed capacity for bottom-fixed (GW) as of 2019 
 
 
(source: GWEC, EWEA) 
 
Offshore wind can broadly be categorised into two main technologies used depending on water depth: Bottom-
fixed and floating. Bottom-fixed technology uses foundations connected to the seabed whilst floating technology 
uses floating constructions that are moored to the seabed. 
 
AOW primarily focuses on the development of deep-water offshore wind projects, and currently holds a portfolio 
of early development assets in South Korea and the United States and prospects in Scotland and Norway. Future 
prospective markets that have been identified as attractive include Japan, France, Ireland, and Italy. Mainstream 
has an advanced offshore wind development project in Vietnam. 
 
About 80% of all offshore wind resources are in waters of 60 meters and deeper where the simplest bottom-fixed 
foundations are technically infeasible and / or economically unattractive (source: Carbon Trust and Industrial 
Technology Research). Floating foundations for offshore wind turbines are a natural response to this challenge 
and represent a rapidly maturing technology. While project planning and execution differ, large LCOE synergies 
can be leveraged between bottom-fixed and floating offshore wind projects as the two cost bases overlap for 
several key components. Most notable are synergies in turbine design, export cables and substations/landfall. 
This overlap is expected to contribute to rapidly driving down the cost of floating offshore wind projects. Further 
focus areas for lowered LCOE are connected to pairing local content expectations with industrialisation and large-
scale supply of floaters and their associated systems as well as the floating power system. 
 
Floating offshore wind holds some key advantages compared with bottom-fixed, particularly in terms of placement 
for optimum wind resource and the reduction of impact on external stakeholders. Further from shore some of the 
challenges associated with onshore and near shore bottom-fixed offshore wind, such as visual pollution and noise 
emission into the oceans, are reduced. By locating the wind farms away from fishery zones, one limits 
disturbance to the industry. Floating offshore wind farms can also be located outside of traditional shipping routes 
and military training areas. 
 
Floating wind farms will be able to tap into areas with generally higher and more consistent wind speeds due to 
location further from shore. All other things being equal, increased wind speeds and more consistent wind will 
increase the overall load factor of the wind farm, thereby increasing the energy production of the wind farm. 
Furthermore, installation of turbines is generally less weather dependent as turbines and foundations can be 
assembled and pre-commissioned at quayside with onshore facilities before being towed offshore.

--- Page 31 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
31
Since 2017 the floating offshore wind market has grown significantly with substantial capacity additions, especially 
from 2019 to 2020 (see figure below). Due to the current immaturity of the industry, different market forecasts 
have yet to converge on a narrow band of expected installed capacity for the years and decades to come. 
 
Cumulative global deployment (MW) of floating offshore wind 
 
 
 
(source: Carbon Trust, Floating Wind Joint Industry Project)  
 
Most floating projects installed to date have been single-unit for demonstration purposes. Demonstration projects 
have provided important learnings for de-risking the technology ahead of commercialisation and large-scale 
deployment. Notable pre-commercial projects include the 30 MW Hywind Scotland and 25 MW WindFloat Atlantic 
projects already commissioned and the Kincardine and Golfe du Lion projects which are in execution. These are 
projects structured in arrays with three or more turbines. The pre-commercial projects provide industry training 
and testing of supply chains and have been seen as a stepping stone for floating wind towards commercial scale 
projects, also with respect to bankability. 
 
The offshore wind market is still developing and at the early stages of industrialization, with the European market 
being the most developed as of today. There are several players present in the market with established capacity 
or with assets under development, including Equinor, Ørsted, Vattenfall and Iberdola, as well as players with an 
ambition to build a position and developing operators holding development licenses. Offshore floating wind 
segment is the most immature, and with numerous companies developing floating wind concepts / technologies 
for the next decades (such as Principal Power, where AOW holds an ownership stake). The competition is 
expected to increase with new companies coming to the market over the next years. 
 
Carbon capture market 
The market for carbon capture, utilization and storage (CCUS) solutions should still be considered in early 
development as the value chain is still developing in most geographies. According to the IEA, only 21 large-scale 
were operational globally as per 2020, with a further 3 under construction (source: 
https://www.iea.org/reports/ccus-in-clean-energy-transitions/a-new-era-for-ccus). However, CCUS can be applied 
across the energy system and is increasingly seen as an instrumental part of achieving global emission reduction 
targets. The future market potential is therefore deemed to be vast and the industry is expected to grow strongly 
in coming years. A key milestone underway is the establishment of sufficient transportation and storage 
infrastructure which will receive the captured CO2. There are currently several ongoing initiatives such as the 
Northern Lights Project, the Greensand Project, Net Zero Teeside Project, Hynet North West Project and the 
Rotterdam Backbone Initiative (Porthos), whose purpose is to develop the required infrastructure to transport and 
store CO2 in reservoirs below the seabed. Due to the high capital requirement to roll-out the required 
infrastructure, the execution of the abovementioned initiatives and others are highly dependent on positive 
government investment decisions, which in several cases are still pending. 
 
The global targets set in the Paris Agreement to combat global warming, by keeping temperature levels under two 
degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels, conditions that society needs to develop solutions to reduce the 
emissions of greenhouse gases. In addition to energy efficiency, transitioning to renewable energy sources and 
alternative fuels, it is foreseen that society needs to leverage carbon capture technology to meet emission targets.

--- Page 32 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
32
This is underpinned by the fact that there are few other alternatives for low emission transitioning of processing 
industries, such as cement production. Against this backdrop governments have shown strong commitment to 
develop and support the adaptation of carbon capture technology. 
 
The commitment to environmental targets thus entails a huge future demand for carbon capture solutions which is 
the backbone for the belief in a rapid development of a global carbon capture market. The market potential could 
be as high as ~2,400 large scale industrial carbon capture plants to meet the two-degree Celsius target in 2040. 
 
It is expected that the market will grow quickly as the carbon capture value chain materialises and that the growth 
will further increase as the supply industry builds scale, reducing cost through scale-efficiency and 
standardisation. It is likely that carbon capture technology will follow a similar cost curve development to other 
mature technologies as energy production from wind and solar PV, which have seen a reduction in LCOE 
between 70% and 82% since 1995 (wind) and 2010 (solar PV). In addition to cost reduction, growth is expected to 
be highly driven by regulatory measures taken to reduce emissions, such as carbon-taxes, other carbon pricing 
initiatives as well as through a tightening carbon quota system with a reduced number of new quotas coming to 
market in the coming years. 
 
Whilst the competitive landscape is still developing, a broad spectrum of companies ranging from technology 
start-ups to major established players within engineering & construction and oil & gas, such as Mitsubishi Heavy 
Industries (MHI), Fluor and Shell CANSOLV are working on developing, commercialising, and industrialising 
various competing CCSU technologies. 
 
 
Hydrogen Market 
Hydrogen can be used as a feedstock, a fuel or an energy carrier and for energy storage, and has many possible 
applications across industry, transportation, power generation and building and heating sectors. Hydrogen does 
not emit CO2 and creates almost no air pollution when used as a fuel, and hydrogen thus offers a solution to 
decarbonise several sectors. Due to the benefit of no CO2 emissions from utilising hydrogen, hydrogen is a key 
pillar of the decarbonisation strategies in place to reach carbon neutrality for governments and regulators around 
the world. Yet, today, hydrogen represents a modest fraction of the global and EU energy mix, and is still largely 
produced from fossil fuels, notably from natural gas or from coal, resulting in the release of 70 to 100 million 
tonnes CO2 annually in the EU. For hydrogen to contribute to climate neutrality, it needs to achieve a far larger 
scale and its production must become fully decarbonised. Hydrogen Roadmap Europe (2019) makes the case 
that achieving the energy transition in Europe will need just that. By replacing the use of fossil fuel through clean 
hydrogen and ammonia production hydrogen could close roughly 50% of the gap in CO2 emissions to achieve the 
2-degree scenario in 2050. 
 
Low-carbon hydrogen may be produced through several processes: 
 
• ‘Electricity-based green hydrogen’ is hydrogen produced through the electrolysis of water (in an electrolyser, 
powered by electricity), and with the electricity stemming from renewable sources. The full life-cycle greenhouse 
gas emissions of the production of renewable hydrogen are close to zero. Renewable hydrogen may also be 
produced through the reforming of biogas (instead of natural gas) or biochemical conversion of biomass, if in 
compliance with sustainability requirements. 
• ‘Fossil-based hydrogen with carbon capture’ refers to hydrogen produced through a variety of processes using 
fossil fuels as feedstock, mainly reforming of natural where greenhouse gases emitted as part of the hydrogen 
production process are captured. 
 
In the past, there have been peaks of interest in hydrogen, but they did not take off. Today, the rapid cost decline 
of renewable energy, technological developments, and the urgency to drastically reduce greenhouse emissions, 
are opening up new possibilities. There are many reasons why hydrogen is a key priority to achieve the European 
Green Deal and Europe’s clean energy transition. Renewable electricity is expected to decarbonise a large share 
of the EU energy consumption by 2050, but not all of it. Hydrogen has a strong potential to bridge some of this 
gap, as a vector for renewable energy storage (alongside batteries) and transport, ensuring back-up for seasonal 
variations and connecting production locations to more distant demand centres. In its strategic vision for a 
climate-neutral EU (2018), the share of hydrogen in Europe’s energy mix is projected to grow from the current 
level of less than 2% to 13-14% by 2050. Hydrogen Council (2017) estimates that global energy demand supplied 
with hydrogen could see a ten-fold increase by 2050, driven my new use cases within power generation, 
transportation, industrial energy, building heat and power, and industry feedstock. The support for these estimates 
grows as more and more countries announce dedicated hydrogen strategies and ambitious capacity targets for 
2030 and onwards. 
 
Investment in hydrogen will foster sustainable growth and jobs, which will be critical in the context of recovery 
from the COVID-19 crisis. The EU commission’s recovery plan highlights the need to unlock investment in key 
clean technologies and value chains. It cites clean hydrogen as one of the essential areas to address in the

--- Page 33 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
33
context of the energy transition and mentions a number of possible avenues to support it. According to the EU, 
cumulative investments in renewable “green” hydrogen in Europe could be up to EUR 180-470 billion by 2050, 
and in the range of EUR 3-18 billion for low-carbon fossil-based “blue” hydrogen. 
Although the hydrogen industry is still in its infancy, a wide range of companies have communicated ambitions 
within blue and green hydrogen production, including companies within renewable energy, oil and gas, chemicals 
and utilities, such as Ørsted, Equinor, Shell, Total, Linde and Engie, in addition to pure-play start-up companies. 
Competition for future projects is therefore expected to be high.

--- Page 34 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
34
7 Organizational structure 
7.1 Description of Issuer 
The Company is a holding company for the Group’s renewable and green tech investments. 
 
The Company was formally incorporated in November 2020, however, Aker Horizons was launched by Aker in 
July 2020 through the Company’s wholly owned subsidiary Aker Horizons Holding. The Company was converted 
into a public limited liability company on 21 April 2021. 
 
Current legal structure of the Group, excluding dormant companies, is shown in Annex 4. 
 
Entities in which the Company, as of the date of this Prospectus, holds (directly or indirectly) more than 10% of 
the outstanding capital and votes (dormant companies are not included), are shown in Annex 5. 
 
 
7.2 Dependence upon other entities  
Future earnings of the Company depend on the earnings of its portfolio companies being distributed to the 
Company and/or on the potential realisation of any ownership interests in the portfolio companies.Therefore, the 
Company is dependent on the results of the operations of the Company's subsidiaries. 
 
As some of the Company’s portfolio companies are newly established or have limited operating history, e.g. ACH, 
AOW and ACC, such companies are dependent on third-parties such as Aker Solutions, providing them with 
access to certain services and resources required for execution of its projects. Inability or unwillingness of such 
third parties to provide the required services may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s portfolio 
companies’ and the Group's business, results of operations and/or financial condition.

--- Page 35 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
35
8 Trend information 
8.1 Prospects and financial performance 
 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since the date of its last published audited 
financial statements.  
 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Group since the end of the last financial 
period for which financial information has been published to the date of the Base Prospectus. 
 
 
 
8.2 Known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events 
 
The Group continues to view the market with optimism based on ongoing positive interest for the green economy, 
strong interest for sustainable investment opportunities and the positive development of the financial markets. For 
an overview of market trends that are reasonably likely to have a material effect on the issuer’s prospects for at 
least the current financial year, please also refer to Section 6.2 “Overall Renewable Energy Market Trends”.

--- Page 36 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
36
9 Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
9.1 Information about persons 
 
Board of Directors 
The table below set out the names of the members of the Board of the Company:  
 
Name  
Position  
Business address  
Øyvind Eriksen 
Chairman 
Aker Horizons ASA, Oksenøyveien 8, N-1366 Lysaker, Norway 
Kjell Inge Røkke 
Director 
Aker Horizons ASA, Oksenøyveien 8, N-1366 Lysaker, Norway 
Lone Fønss Schrøder 
Director 
Aker Horizons ASA, Oksenøyveien 8, N-1366 Lysaker, Norway 
Lise Kingo 
Director 
Aker Horizons ASA, Oksenøyveien 8, N-1366 Lysaker, Norway 
 
Øyvind Eriksen (born 1964) is the President & CEO of Aker, the Company’s main shareholder. He joined Aker in 
January 2009. Mr. Eriksen holds a law degree from the University of Oslo. He joined Norwegian law firm BAHR in 
1990, where he became a partner in 1996 and a director/chairman in 2003. As a corporate attorney he among other 
things worked with strategic and operational development, M&A and negotiations. Mr. Eriksen has held several 
board positions in different industries, including shipping, finance, asset management, offshore drilling, fisheries, 
media, trade and industry. As CEO Mr. Eriksen is currently chairman of the board in Aker BP ASA, Cognite, REV 
Ocean and Aker Capital, and is a director on the board of Aker Solutions ASA, Aker Energy AS, The Resource 
Group TRG AS, TRG Holding AS and The Norwegian Cancer Society (Kreftforeningen). Mr. Eriksen also serves 
on the Network Advisory Board for the World Economic Forum’s Center for the Fourth Industrial Revolution. Mr. 
Eriksen is a Norwegian citizen. 
 
Kjell Inge Røkke (born 1958), Aker’s main owner, has been a driving force in the development of Aker since the 
1990s. Mr. Røkke launched his business career with the purchase of a 69-foot trawler in the United States in 1982, 
and gradually built a leading worldwide fisheries business. In 1996, the Røkke controlled company, RGI, purchased 
enough Aker shares to become Aker’s largest shareholder, and later merged RGI with Aker. Mr. Røkke has been 
elected as Chairman of the Aker Board of Directors for the period 2018–2022. He also currently serves on the 
boards of Aker BP ASA, Aker Solutions ASA, Ocean Yield ASA, Aker BioMarine AS and Aker Energy AS. 
 
Lise Kingo was until June 2020 the CEO & Executive Director of the United Nations Global Compact from 2015 to 
2020. Prior to joining the UN, she spent more than 26 years with Novo Nordisk where she held several managerial 
positions, including Executive Vice President and member of the Executive Management team from 2002 to 2014. 
She has board experience from Grieg Star Shipping, GN Great Nordic A/S and Principles for Responsible 
Investments (PRI) in the UK. Lise Kingo holds a bachelor's degree in Religions and Ancient Greek Art from the 
University of Aarhus in Denmark, a bachelor's degree in Marketing and Economics from the Copenhagen Business 
School and a master's degree in Responsibility & Business from the University of Bath in the UK. She is also 
certified as a director by INSEAD in France. 
 
Lone Fønss Schrøder is CEO of Concordium AG, a global provider of blockchain technologies. She is vice-chair 
of Volvo Cars AB and chair of the audit committee, and director of Geely Sweden Holdings AB and Ingka Holding 
B.V. (Ikea Group). She has held several senior management and CEO positions in the A.P. Møller-Maersk group 
and became CEO and president of Wallenius Lines AB in 2005. Fønss Schrøder has board experience from 
Kværner ASA, Eukor Inc, Vattenfall AB, Yara ASA, Valmet OY, Akastor ASA and others. Fønss Schrøder holds an 
MSc in law from the University of Copenhagen and in economics from Copenhagen Business School in Denmark. 
 
 
Executive Management 
The table below set out the names of the members of the Management of the Company: 
 
Name  
Position  
Business address  
Kristian Røkke 
CEO 
Aker Horizons ASA, Oksenøyveien 8, N-1366 Lysaker, Norway 
Nanna Tollefsen 
CFO 
Aker Horizons ASA, Oksenøyveien 8, N-1366 Lysaker, Norway 
 
Kristian Røkke has experience from investment management, offshore services and shipbuilding in several 
companies in the Aker group. Prior to assuming his current position as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, 
Mr. Røkke served as Chief Investment Officer of Aker. Before that, he was CEO of Akastor ASA, a publicly listed 
oil service investment company, and spent several years in various operational and executive roles at Philly 
Shipyard. He has an MBA from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.

--- Page 37 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
37
Nanna Tollefsen has worked within finance and investments in different companies in the Aker group since 2013. 
Before joining the Company, she held the position as Investment Manager in Aker. Prior experience includes 
Akastor, Aker Solutions ASA and PwC. Nanna Tollefsen holds an MSc in Financial Economics from the 
Norwegian School of Economics and Business Administration (NHH). 
 
9.2 Administrative, management and supervisory bodies conflicts of 
interest  
Chairman of the board, Øyvind Eriksen and board member Kjell Inge Røkke, are both representing Aker on the 
board. Øyvind Eriksen is also the CEO of Aker ASA hold various board positions within the Aker group. Board 
member Kjell Inge Røkke is also a board member of Aker and controls a number of entities which from time to time 
may be involved in commercial transactions with entities within the Group. Kjell Inge Røkke is the ultimate beneficial 
owner of Aker Capital, the Company’s majority shareholder, and thereby holds a controlling indirect ownership 
interest in the Company. Furthermore, the Company’s CEO Kristian Røkke also hold various board positions within 
the Aker group. There may therefore be actual or potential conflicts of interest between the Company and such 
members of the Board of Directors and Executive Management. 
 
Other than the above, there are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties carried out on behalf of the 
Issuer by the persons referred to in item 9.1 and their private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 38 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
38
10 Major shareholders 
10.1 Ownership  
The share capital of Aker Horizons ASA is NOK 580,750,658 divided into 580,750,658 shares at a nominal value 
of NOK 1.00 each. The company has only one class of shares. 
 
An overview of the Company’s major shareholders as of 8 June 2021 is set out in the table below: 
 
Investor 
Number of shares 
% of top 20 
% of total 
Type 
Country 
AKER CAPITAL AS 
464,285,714.00 
88.96 
79.95 
COMP 
NOR 
STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMP 
11,643,839.00 
2.23 
2.00 
NOM 
USA 
FOLKETRYGDFONDET 
11,375,000.00 
2.18 
1.96 
COMP 
NOR 
J.P. MORGAN BANK LUXEMBOURG S.A. 
4,454,725.00 
0.85 
0.77 
NOM 
SWE 
NORDNET LIVSFORSIKRING AS 
3,807,413.00 
0.73 
0.66 
COMP 
NOR 
NORDNET BANK AB 
3,099,109.00 
0.59 
0.53 
NOM 
SWE 
DANSKE INVEST NORSKE INSTIT. II. 
2,823,728.00 
0.54 
0.49 
COMP 
NOR 
AMF PENSIONSFÖRSÄKRING AB 
2,250,000.00 
0.43 
0.39 
COMP 
SWE 
LIVFORSAKRINGSBOLAGET SKANDIA,OMS. 
2,099,177.00 
0.40 
0.36 
COMP 
SWE 
NORDEA BANK ABP 
1,910,855.00 
0.37 
0.33 
NOM 
FIN 
J.P. MORGAN BANK LUXEMBOURG S.A. 
1,803,763.00 
0.35 
0.31 
NOM 
SWE 
CITIBANK EUROPE PLC 
1,735,450.00 
0.33 
0.30 
NOM 
IRL 
AVANZA BANK AB 
1,574,025.00 
0.30 
0.27 
NOM 
SWE 
CITIBANK EUROPE PLC 
1,487,130.00 
0.28 
0.26 
NOM 
IRL 
CENTRA INVEST AS 
1,455,000.00 
0.28 
0.25 
COMP 
NOR 
CLEARSTREAM BANKING S.A. 
1,400,056.00 
0.27 
0.24 
NOM 
LUX 
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., LONDON 
1,268,500.00 
0.24 
0.22 
NOM 
LUX 
U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
1,257,000.00 
0.24 
0.22 
NOM 
USA 
DANSKE INVEST NORSKE AKSJER INST 
1,183,800.00 
0.23 
0.20 
COMP 
NOR 
U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
1,016,391.00 
0.19 
0.18 
NOM 
USA 
Total number owned by top 20 
521,930,675.00 
 
89.87 
 
 
Total number of shares 
580,750,658.00 
 
100.00 
 
 
 
The Company is directly or indirectly owned by Aker Capital AS, controlling 79.95 % of the shares. As the Company 
has a majority shareholder controlling approximately 80% of the Company’s Shares, which also controls a number 
of entities which from time to time may be involved in commercial transactions with entities within the Group, the 
Company has implemented certain principles on related party transactions to ensure that such control is not abused 
in respect of minority shareholders. Any agreement or transaction between the Company and a related party will 
be entered into on the basis of arm’s length commercial principles. In addition, minority shareholders are protected 
from abuse by relevant regulations in e.g. the Norwegian Securities Trading Act and the Norwegian Public Limited 
Liability Act. 
 
10.2 Change of control of the company 
There are no arrangements, known to the Company, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a 
change in control of the Company.

--- Page 39 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
39
11 Financial information concerning the Company's assets 
and liabilities, financial position and profits and losses 
11.1 Historical Financial Information for the Company  
The Company was incorporated on 1 November 2020 and became the parent of the Group through the Internal 
Reorganisation in January 2021. The Company has therefore only prepared historical unconsolidated financial 
statements for the period 1 November 2020 to 31 December 2020, which have been subject to audit by KPMG. 
The Company’s audited unconsolidated financial statements as of and for the period 1 November 2020 – 31 
December 2020 are presented in conformity with Norwegian Accounting Act and Norwegian generally accepted 
accounting principles (NGAAP) for small entities as of 31 December 2020. The accounting policies are shown on 
page 3, note 1. 
 
As a result of the Internal Reorganisation, the Company acquired, through its subsidiaries, its holding in ACC 
(51%) and AOW (51%), in addition to REC Silicon (24.7%). The acquisition of 51% of ACC and AOW as well as 
24.7% ownership interests in REC Silicon involved entities under common control. In order to provide a three 
years track record of the Company’s underlying business, reflected in the Company’s ownership in ACC, AOW 
and REC Silicon, the Company has therefore prepared carve-out combined financial statements as of and for the 
years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018. The Company’s audited carve-out combined financial 
statements as of and for the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 have been prepared in accordance 
with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board as 
adopted by the European Union (“IFRS”). The basis of accounting, including background and formation for the 
carve-out combined financial statements, are shown on page 11, note 2. 
 
On 14 July 2021, the Company published its unaudited consolidated financial statements for the six months 
period ended 30 June 2021, prepared in accordance with IAS 34 interim financial reporting. The first-time 
consolidated half-year financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS 1, First-Time Adoption 
of International Financial Reporting Standards. 
 
The Company’s audited unconsolidated financial statements as of and for the period 1 November 2020 – 31 
December 2020, the Company’s audited carve-out combined financial statements as of and for the years ended 
31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 and the Company’s unaudited consolidated interim financial statements for 
the six months period ended 30 June 2021 are attached as Annex 2. Historical financial information is available 
on the pages shown below. 
 
 
The six months ended 30 
June 2021 
Company’s unaudited consolidated interim financial statements 
 
Condensed consolidated income statement 
Page 14 
Condensed consolidated balance sheet  
Page 15 
 
Condensed consolidated cash flow statement 
 
Page 16 
 
Condensed consolidated changes in equity 
 
Page 17 
 
Notes to the financial statements 
 
Pages 18 - 37 
   
 
 
1 November 2020 –  
31 December 2020 
Company’s audited unconsolidated financial statements 
 
Income statement 
Page 1 
Statement of financial position  
Page 2 
 
Notes to the financial statements 
 
Page 3 
 
 
 
2020, 2019 and 2018 
Company’s audited carve-out combined financial statements 
 
Income statement 
Page 3 
Balance sheet  
Page 5 
 
Cash flow statement 
 
Page 7 
 
Notes to the financial statements 
 
Pages 11-55

--- Page 40 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
40
 
11.2 Auditing of historical annual financial information 
 
11.2.1 Statement of audited historical financial information 
The audit has been conducted in accordance with laws, regulations, and auditing standards and practises 
generally accepted in Norway, including International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). 
 
A statement of audited historical financial information is given in the Company’s audited financial statements as of 
and for the period 1 November 2020 – 31 December 2020, pages 4-5, and the Company’s audited carve-out 
combined financial statements as of and for the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, pages 58-60, 
attached as Annex 2. 
 
 The Company’s carve-out combined financial statements have been audited by KPMG, as set forth in their report 
thereon included herein. There are no qualifications set out in the report prepared by KPMG, however KPMG  
emphasizes the following: They draw attention to Note 1 and 2 to the carve-out combined financial statements, 
which describes their basis of preparation, including the approach to and the purpose for preparing them. The 
carve-out combined financial statements were prepared to meet the requirements in connection with Aker 
Horizons AS’ listing of shares on Oslo Stock Exchange, including the prospectus prepared in connection 
therewith, and for no other purpose. KPMPG’s opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.  
 
The carve-out combined financial statements have been derived from financial statements and historical 
accounting records of ACC, AOW, Aker and Aker Solutions ASA, employing the methods and assumptions 
discussed in Note 1 and Note 2 of the Carve-out Combined Financial Statements.  
 
 
11.2.2 Other audited information 
No other information in this Base Prospectus has been audited. 
 
 
 
11.3 Age of latest financial information 
 
11.3.1 Last year of audited financial information 
 
The last year of audited financial information is 2020. 
 
 
 
11.4 Legal and arbitration proceedings 
 
The nature of the business exposes the Group to the risk of claims, legal proceedings and disputes. The COVID-
19 pandemic has had global implications on supply chains and several suppliers have presented force majeure 
claims on this basis. As of today, none of these claims have been considered as material to the business of the 
Group and there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the issuer is aware), during a period covering at least the previous 12 months 
which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer and/or Group’s financial position 
or profitability. 
 
 
 
11.5 Significant change in the Company’s financial position 
 
The Company has recently engaged in the Internal Reorganisation, the Mainstream Transaction, the ACH 
Transaction and the Rainpower Transaction, as set out below. Further and as detailed in Section 5.1.9 “Material 
Contracts”, the Company has recently entered into the Senior Facilities Agreemenet, the Convertible Bond Issue, 
the Green Bond and the Shareholder Loan Agreement. Other than these transactions, there have been no 
significant changes in the financial position or performance of the Group since the end of the financial period 
ended 31 December 2020. 
 
Internal Reorganisation 
The Company was incorporated on 1 November 2020 and became the parent of the Group through the Internal 
Reorganisation in January 2021.

--- Page 41 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
41
Prior to the Internal Reorganisation, the Company was a dormant shelf company with no material assets. In 
connection with, and as a result of the Internal Reorganisation, the Company acquired through its subsidiaries 
51% of ACC and AOW, in addition to a 24.7% ownership interest in REC Silicon. 
 
Mainstream Transaction 
The Mainstream Transaction resulted in the Group owning 75% of the shares in Mainstream. The preliminary 
cash consideration for the 75% stake in Mainstream is approximately EUR 667,1 million. In addition, the share 
purchase agreement contains a potential future earn-out element payable at the earliest in 2023 of up to EUR 100 
million based on secured or formally awarded additional project capacity to Mainstream in certain future bidding 
rounds. The Mainstream Transaction was completed on 11 May 2021. 
 
ACH Transaction 
In March 2021 the Company, through a wholly owned subsidiary, invested NOK 500 million in ACH through a 
private placement of new shares in relation to the admission to trading on Euronext Growth (Oslo) of ACH. The 
private placement in ACH raised gross proceeds of approximately NOK 3 billion (or NOK 2,933.5 million, net of 
transaction costs of NOK 66.5 million). The net effect for the Combined Group was NOK 2,434 million in cash and 
cash equivalents. The investment of NOK 500 million was funded through the private placement. The Company, 
through a wholly owned subsidiary, currently has an indirect ownership interest in ACH of 77.2%. 
 
Rainpower Transaction 
The Rainpower Transaction resulted in the Group owning 100% of the shares in Rainpower for a cash 
consideration of NOK 8.5 million. The Rainpower Transaction was completed on 26 March 2021.

--- Page 42 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
42
12 Documents available  
 
The following documents (or copies thereof) may be inspected for the life of the Base Prospectus at the 
headquarters of the Company, Oksenøyveien 8, N-1366 Lysaker, Norway, or at https://www.akerhorizons.com/: 
 
(a) the up to date memorandum and articles of association of the Company; 
 
(b) all reports, letters, and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any expert at the Company’s 
request, any part of which is included or referred to in the Base Prospectus;

--- Page 43 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
43
13 Financial instruments that can be issued under the Base 
Prospectus 
The Base Prospectus, as approved in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation 2017/1129, allows for offer 
to subscribe and listing of Bonds.  
 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Norwegian FSA, as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. The Norwegian FSA only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subjet of this Base Prospectus. 
 
This chapter describes the form, type, definitions, general terms and conditions, return and redemption 
mechanisms, rating and template for Final Terms associated with the Bonds. 
 
Risk factors related to the Bonds are described in Chapter 1 Risk Factors. 
 
13.1 Securities Form 
A Bond is a financial instrument as defined in the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (Verdipapirhandelloven)  
§ 2-2.  
 
The Bonds are electronically registered in book-entry form with the Securities Depository.  
13.2 Security Type 
Borrowing limit – tap issue 
The Loan may be either open or closed for increase of the Borrowing Amount during the tenor. A tap issue can 
take place until five banking days before the Maturity Date. If the issue is open, the First Tranche and Borrowing 
Limit will be specified in the Applicable Final Terms. 
 
Return 
Fixed Rate (FIX) 
A Bond issue with a fixed Interest Rate will bear interest at a fixed rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
The Interest Rate will be payable annually or semi-annually on the Interest Payment Dates as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Floating Rate (FRN) 
A Bond issue with a floating Interest Rate will bear interest equal to a Reference Rate plus a fixed Margin for a 
specified period (3 or 6 months). Interest Rate or Reference Rate may be deemed to be zero. The period lengths 
are equal throughout the term of the Loan, but each Interest Payment Date is adjusted in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention. The Interest Rate for each forthcoming period is determined two Business Days prior 
to each Interest Payment Date based on the then current value of the Reference Rate plus the Margin. 
 
The Interest Rate will be payable quarterly or semi-annually on the the Interest Payment Dates as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
The relevant Reference Rate, the Margin, the Interest Payment Dates and the then current Interest Rate will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Redemption 
The Loan will mature in full at the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the nominal amount.  
 
The Issuer may have the option to prematurely redeem the Loan in full at terms specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
The Bondholders may have the right to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that 
Bondholder at terms specified in the applicable Final terms. 
 
Security 
The Bonds may be either secured or unsecured. Details will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Negative pledge 
The Bonds may have negative pledge clause. Details will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 44 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
44
 
13.3 Definitions 
This section includes a summary of the definitions set out in any Bond Terms as well as certain other definitions 
relevant for this Prospectus. If these definitions at any point in time no longer represents the correct 
understanding of the definitions set out in the Bond Terms, the Bond Terms shall prevail. 
 
Additional Bonds: 
Means Bonds issued under a Tap Issue, including any Temporary Bonds as defined in the 
Bond Terms. 
 
 
Attachment: 
Means any schedule, appendix or other attachment to the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Base Prospectus: 
This document. Describes the Issuer and predefined features of Bonds that can be listed under 
the Base prospectus, as specified in the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Valid for 12 
months after it has been published. In this period, a prospectus may be constituted by the 
Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus and a Final Terms for each new 
issue. 
 
 
Bond Issue/Bonds/ 
Notes/the Loan: 
Means (i) the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Bond Terms and 
(ii) any overdue and unpaid principal which has been issued under a separate ISIN in 
accordance with the regulations of the CSD from time to time. 
 
 
Bond Terms: 
The terms and conditions, including all Attachments which shall form 
an integrated part of the Bond Terms, in each case as amended and/or supplemented from 
time to time. 
 
 
Bondholder: 
A person who is registered in the CSD as directly registered owner or nominee holder of a 
Bond, subject however to the Bondholders’ rights in the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Bondholders’ 
decisions: 
The Bondholders’ Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in 
all matters relating to the Bonds and has the power to make all decisions altering the terms and 
conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and 
any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes. 
 
At the Bondholders’ meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each voting bond owned 
at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders’ meeting in the records 
registered in the Securities Depository.  
 
In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the voting bonds must be represented at the 
Bondholders’ meeting. See also the clause for repeated Bondholders’ meeting in the Bond 
Terms.  
 
Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the votes at the Bondholders’ Meeting, 
however, a majority of at least 2/3 of the voting bonds represented at the Bondholders’ Meeting 
is required for any waiver or amendment of any terms of the Bond Terms. 
 
(For more details, see also the clause for Bondholders’ decisions in the Bond Terms) 
 
 
Bondholders rights: 
Bondholders’ rights are specified in the Bond Terms.  
 
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the 
Bondholders are bound by the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Bond Trustee: 
Nordic Trustee AS, Postboks 1470 Vika, 0116 Oslo, or its successor(s) Website: 
https://nordictrustee.com 
 
The Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent, the 
Bondholders in all matters, including but not limited to taking any legal or other action, 
including enforcement of the Bond Terms, and the commencement of bankruptcy or other 
insolvency proceedings against the Issuer, or others. 
 
The Bond Trustee shall represent the Bondholders in accordance with the finance documents. 
The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition of the Issuer or 
any other obligor unless to the extent expressly set out in the Bond Terms, or to take any steps 
to ascertain whether any event of default has occurred. The Bond Trustee is entitled to take

--- Page 45 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
45
such steps that it, in its sole discretion, considers necessary or advisable to protect the rights 
of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of the finance documents. 
 
 
Bookrunner: 
The bond issue’s bookrunner(s), as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Borrowing Limit – Tap 
Issue and Borrowing 
Amount/First Tranche 
Borrowing Limit is the maximum issue amount for an open Bond issue.  
 
Borrowing Amount/First Tranche is the borrowing amount for a closed Bond Issue, eventually 
the borrowing amount for the first tranche of an open Bond Issue. 
 
Borrowing Limit – Tap Issue and Borrowing Amount/First Tranche will be specified in the Final 
Terms. 
 
 
Business Day: 
Means a day on which both the relevant CSD settlement system and the 
relevant currency of the Bonds settlement system are open. 
 
 
Business Day 
Conventon: 
If the last day of any Interest Period originally falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the 
Interest Payment Date will be as follow: 
 
If Fixed Rate, the Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day (Following Business Day convention). 
 
If FRN, the Interest Period will be extended to include the first following Business Day unless 
that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the Interest Period will be shortened to 
the first preceding Business Day (Modified Following Business Day convention). 
 
 
Calculation Agent: 
The Bond Trustee, if not otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
 
Call Option: 
The Final Terms may specify that the Issuer is entitled to redeem (all or some of) the 
Outstanding Bonds prior to the Maturity Date. 
 
In such case the Call Date(s), the Call Price(s) and the Call Notice Period will be specified in 
the Final Terms. 
 
 
Change of Control 
Event: 
Means if: 
(a) any person or group of persons under the same Decisive Influence, or two or more 
persons acting in concert, other than any Aker ASA Affiliates, obtains Decisive 
Influence over the Issuer; 
(b) a de-listing of the Issuer’s shares from Euronext Growth or Oslo Børs occurs, except 
where the Issuer’s shares are, or in connection with such de-listing becomes, listed on 
another recognized stock exchange acceptable to the Bond Trustee; or 
I prior to the Issuer’s shares having been listed on an Exchange, Aker ASA together with 
the Aker ASA Affiliates cease to have Decisive Influence over the Issuer. 
 
 
Currency: 
The currency in which the bond issue is denominated. 
 
Currency will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Day Count Convention: The convention for calculation of payment of interest; 
a) If Fixed Rate, the interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of 
twelve months of 30 days each and, in case of an incomplete month, the actual number 
of days elapsed (30/360-days basis), unless: 
(i) the last day in the relevant Interest Period is the 31st calendar day but the first day of 
that Interest Period is a day other than the 30th or the 31st day of a month, in which 
case the month that includes that last day shall not be shortened to a 30–day month; 
or 
(ii) the last day of the relevant Interest Period is the last calendar day in February, in 
which case February shall not be lengthened to a 30-day month. 
(b) If FRN, the interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-
days basis). 
 
 
Denomination – Each 
Bond: 
The nominal amount of each Bond. 
 
Denomination of each bond will be specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 46 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
46
Disbursement Date / 
Issue Date 
Date of bond issue.  
 
On the Issue Date the bonds will be delivered to the Bondholder’s VPS-account against 
payment or to the Bondholder’s custodian bank if the Bondholder does not have his/her own 
VPS-account. 
 
The Issue Date will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Early redemption 
option due to a tax 
event: 
If the Issuer is or will be required to gross up any withheld tax imposed by law from any 
payment in respect of the Bonds under the Finance Documents pursuant to the Bond Terms, 
the Final Terms may specify that the Issuer is entitled to redeem all, but not only some, of the 
Outstanding Bonds prior to the Maturity Date. 
 
 
Exchange: 
Oslo Børs or any similar regulated market exchange  
 
 
Final Terms: 
Document describing securities as specified in Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, 
prepared as part of the Prospectus. Final Terms will be prepared for each new security as 
specified in Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, issued by the Issuer. 
 
 
Green Financing 
Framework: 
Means the Issuer’s green financing framework dated January 2021. 
 
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
In the case of NIBOR: Second Oslo business day prior to the start of each Interest Period. 
 
Interest Determination Date(s) for other Reference Rates, see Final Terms. 
 
 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on the last day of each Interest Period.  
 
Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention. 
 
The Interest Payment Date(s) will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Interest Period: 
The first Interest Period runs from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the first 
Interest Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run from and including an Interest 
Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest Payment 
Date corresponds to the Maturity Date. 
 
 
Interest Rate: 
Rate of interest applicable to the Bonds; 
 
(i) 
If Fixed Rate, the Bonds shall bear interest at the percentage rate per annum (based 
on the Day Count Convention)  
 
(ii) If FRN, the Bonds shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Reference Rate 
plus a Margin (based on the Day Count Convention). Interest Rate or Reference Rate 
may be deemed to be zero. 
 
The Interest Rate is specified in Final Terms. 
 
 
Interest Rate 
Adjustment Date: 
Date(s) for adjusting of the interest rate for bond issue with floating interest rate. 
 
The Interest Rate Adjustment Date will coincide with the Interest Payment Date. 
 
 
ISIN: 
International Securities Identification Number for the Bond Issue. ISIN is specified in Final 
Terms. 
 
 
Issuer: 
Aker Horizons ASA is the Issuer under the Base Prospectus. 
 
 
Issuer’s Bonds: 
Means any Bonds which are owned by the Issuer or any affiliate of the Issuer. 
 
 
Issue Price: 
The price in percentage of the Denomination, to be paid by the Bondholders at the Issue Date. 
 
Issue price will be specified in Final Terms.  
 
 
LEI-code: 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI), is a 20-character reference code to uniquely identify legally distinct 
entities that engage in financial transactions.

--- Page 47 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
47
LEI-code is specified in Final Terms. 
 
 
Listing: 
Listing of a bond issue on an Exchange is due to the Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to 
the Base Prospectus and a Final Terms. 
 
An application for listing will be sent after the Disbursement Date and as soon as possible after 
the Prospectus has been approved by the Norwegian FSA. 
 
Bonds listed on an Exchange are freely negotiable. See also Market Making. 
 
 
Market Making: 
For Bonds listed on an Exchange, a market-maker agreement between the Issuer and a 
Bookrunner may be entered into.  
 
This will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Margin: 
The margin, specified in percentage points, to be added to the Reference rate. 
 
Margin will be specified in the Final terms.  
 
 
Maturity Date: 
The date the bond issue is due for payment, if not already redeemed pursuant to Call Option, 
Put Option or Early redemption option due to a tax event. The Maturity Date coincides with the 
last Interest Payment Date and is adjusted in accordance with the Business Day Convention.  
 
The Maturity Date is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Outstanding Bonds: 
Means any Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged. 
 
The Issuer will issue on the Issue date the first tranche of the bond issue as specified in Final 
Terms. During the term of the bond issue, new tranches may be issued up to the Borrowing 
Limit, as specified in Final Terms. 
 
 
Paying Agent: 
The entity designated by the Issuer to manage (maintain the Issuer Account for) the bond 
issue in the Securities Depository. 
 
The Paying Agent is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Principal amount: 
Outstanding amounts under the Loan from time to time. 
 
 
Prospectus: 
The Prospectus consists of the Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus 
and the relevant Final Terms prepared in connection with application for listing on an 
Exchange.  
 
 
Put Option: 
The Final Terms may specify that upon the occurrence of a Put Option Event, each 
Bondholder will have the right to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds 
held by that Bondholder. 
 
In such case the exercise procedures, the repayment date and redemption price will be 
specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Put Option Event: 
 Means a Change of Control Event. 
 
 
Redemption: 
The Outstanding Bonds will mature in full on the Maturity Date and shall be redeemed by the 
Issuer on the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, if not 
already redeemed pursuant to Call Option, Put Option or Early redemption option due to a tax 
event.  
 
 
Redemption Price: 
The price determined as a percentage of the Denomination to which the bond issue is to be 
redeemed at the Maturity Date.  
 
Redemption Price is 100 per cent of Denomination – Each Bond. 
 
 
Reference Rate:  
For FRN, the Reference Rate shall be NIBOR or any other rate as specified in the Final Terms, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the specified time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question.

--- Page 48 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
48
The Reference Rate, the Relevant Screen Page, the specified time, information about the past 
and future performance and volatility of the Reference Rate and any fallback provisions will be 
specified in Final Terms.  
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: For FRN, an internet address or an electronic information platform belonging to a renowed 
provider of Reference Rates. 
 
The Relevant Screen Page will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Securities Depository 
/CSD: 
The securities depository in which the bonds are registered, in accordance with the Norwegian 
Act of 2019 no. 6 regarding Securities depository. 
 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the following Securities Depository will be used: 
Norwegian Central Securities Depository (“Verdipapirsentralen” or ”Euronext VPS”), P.O. Box 
4, 0051 Oslo. 
 
 
Tap Issues: 
The Issuer may, provided that the conditions set out in the Bond Terms are met, at one or 
more occasions up until, but excluding, the Maturity Date or any earlier date when the Bonds 
have been redeemed in full, issue Additional Bonds until the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Bonds outstanding equals in aggregate the maximum issue amount (less the aggregate 
nominal amount of any previously redeemed Bonds) 
 
If N/A is specified in the Borrowing Limit in the Final Terms, the Issuer may not make Tap 
issues under the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Temporary Bonds: 
If the Bonds are listed on an Exchange and there is a requirement for a supplement to the 
Base Prospectus in order for the Additional Bonds to be listed together with the Bonds, the 
Additional Bonds may be issued under a separate ISIN which, upon the approval of the 
supplement, will be converted into the ISIN for the Bonds issued on the initial Issue Date. The 
Bond Terms governs such Temporary Bonds. The Issuer shall inform the Bond Trustee, the 
Exchange and the Paying Agent once such supplement is approved. 
 
 
Yield: 
Dependent on the Market Price for bond issue with floating rate. Yield for the first interest 
period can be determined when the interest is known, normally two Business Days before the 
Issue Date. 
  
For bond issue with fixed rate, yield is dependent on the market price and number of Interest 
Payment Date. 
 
The yield is calculated in accordance with «Anbefaling til Konvensjoner for det norske 
sertifikat- og obligasjonsmarkedet» prepared by Norske Finansanalytikeres Forening in 
January 2020: 
https://www.finansanalytiker.no/wp-content/uploads/2020/02/Rentekonvensjon-pr-januar-2020-
v2.pdf  
 
Yield is specified in Final Terms. 
 
13.4 General terms and conditions 
These general terms and conditions summarize and describe the general terms and conditions set out in any 
Bond Terms. If these general terms and conditions at any point in time no longer represents the correct 
understanding of the general terms and conditions set out in the Bond Terms, the Bond Terms shall prevail. 
 
13.4.1 Use of proceeds 
The Issuer will use the net proceeds from the Initial Bond Issue and the issuance of any Additional Bonds  
i) towards eligible green projects, including acquisitions in accordance with the Green Financing Framework, or 
ii) for the general corporate purposes of the Group (including acquisitions). 
 
Other use of proceeds will be specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 49 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
49
13.4.2 Publication 
The Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus and the Final Terms will be published on 
Issuer’s website https://akerhorizons.com/, or on the Issuer’s visit address, Oksenøyveien 8, N-1366 Lysaker, 
Norway, or their successor (s). 
 
The Prospectus will be published by a stock exchange announcement. 
 
13.4.3 Redemption 
Matured interest and matured principal will be credited each Bondholder directly from the Securities Registry. 
Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant the Norwegian Act relating to the Limitation 
Period Claims of 18 May 1979 no 18, p.t. 3 years for interest rates and 10 years for principal. 
 
13.4.4 Fees, Expenses and Tax legislation 
The tax legislation of the investor’s Member State and of the Issuer’s country of incorporation may have an impact 
on the income received from the securities. 
 
The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees in connection with the loan. Any public fees or taxes on 
sales of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or 
regulation. The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by Norwegian law. 
 
13.4.5 Security Depository and secondary trading 
The Bonds are electronically registered in book-entry form with the Securities Depository, see also the definition 
of “Securities Depository”. Securities Depository is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Secondary trading will be made over an Exchange for Bonds listed on a marketplace. See also definition of 
“Market Making”. 
 
Prospectus fee for the Base Prospectus including templates for Final Terms is NOK 101,000. In addition, there is 
a listing fee for listing of the Bonds in accordance with the current price list of the Exchange. The listing fees will 
be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
13.4.6 Status of the Bonds and Security 
The Bonds will constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds will rank pari passu between 
themselves and will rank at least pari passu with all other senior obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims 
which are mandatorily preferred by law). The Bonds will rank ahead of subordinated capital of the Issuer. 
 
The Bonds are unsecured. 
 
13.4.7 Bond Terms 
The Bond Terms has been entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. The Bond Terms regulates the 
Bondholders’ rights and obligations in relations with the bond issue. The Bond Trustee enters into the Bond 
Terms on behalf of the Bondholders and is granted authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders to the extent 
provided for in the Bond Terms. 
 
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the Bondholders are bound by 
the Bond Terms and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to 
be complied with by the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, the Issuer or any other party. 
 
The Bond Terms will be attached to the Final Terms for each Bond issue and is also available through the Joint 
Bookrunner(s), Issuer and the Bond Trustee. 
 
13.4.8 Legislation 
The Bond Terms is governed by and construed in accordance with Norwegian law. The Issuer is subject to 
Norwegian legislation, the most relevant law for the Group’s operations is the Public Limited Liability Companies 
Act, the Norwegian Securities Trading Act and the Norwegian Stock Exchange Regulations.

--- Page 50 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
50
 
13.4.9 Approvals 
The Bonds will be issued in accordance with the Issuer’s Board of Directors approval. 
 
The date of the Issuer’s Board of Directors approval will be specified in the Final Terms 
 
The Base Prospectus has been submitted to the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority (Finanstilsynet) 
before listing of the Bonds takes place. 
 
Final Terms will be submitted to Finanstilsynet for information in connection with an application for listing of a 
Bond Issue. 
 
The Base prospectus will not be the basis for offers for subscription in bonds that are not subject to a prospectus 
obligation. 
 
13.4.10 Restrictions on the free transferability of the securities 
Any restrictions on the free transferability of the securities will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
13.5 Return and redemption 
Bonds may have return and redemption mechanisms as explained below. The relevant Final Terms refer to these 
mechanisms and provide relevant parameter values for the specific bond issue. 
13.5.1 Bonds with floating rate 
13.5.1.a Return (interest) 
The Interest Rate is specified in Interest Rate ii). Payment of the Interest Rate is calculated on basis of the Day 
Count Convention (b). 
 
Interest Rate or Reference Rate may be deemed to be zero.  
 
The period lengths are equal throughout the term of the Loan, but each Interest Payment Date is adjusted in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention. The Interest Rate for each forthcoming period are determined two 
Business Days prior to each Interest Payment Date based on the then current value of the Reference Rate plus 
the Margin. 
 
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. The first Interest Period runs from and 
including the Issue Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run 
from and including an Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest 
Payment Date corresponds to the Maturity Date. 
 
The relevant Reference Rate, the Margin, the Interest Payment Dates and the then current Interest Rate will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest calculation method for secondary trading is given by act/360, modified following. 
 
13.5.1.b Redemption 
Redemption is made in accordance with Redemption. 
 
13.5.2 Bonds with fixed rate 
13.5.2.a Return (interest) 
The interest rate is specified in Interest Rate (i). Payment of the the Interest Rate is calculated on basis of the Day 
Count Convention (a).  
 
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. The first Interest Period runs from and 
including the Issue Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run 
from and including an Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest 
Payment Date corresponds to the Maturity Date. 
 
The Interest Rate and the Interest Payment Dates will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 51 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
51
Interest calculation method for secondary trading is given by act/365 for bond issue with fixed rate.  
 
13.5.2.b Redemption 
Redemption is made in accordance with Redemption. 
 
13.6 Rating 
The Issuer have not been rated. 
 
The Bonds have not been rated. 
 
 
13.7 Final Terms 
Template for Final Terms for fixed and floating bond issue, see Appendix 3.

--- Page 52 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
52
14 Third party information and statement by experts and 
declarations of any interest 
14.1 Third party information 
Part of the information given in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from a third party. It is hereby confirmed 
that the information has been accurately reproduced and that as far as Aker Horizons ASA is aware and is able to 
ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The following table lists such third parties:  
 
Kind of information 
Publicly 
available 
Name of third party 
Business 
address 
Qualifications 
Material 
interest in 
the 
Company 
https://hornseaproject
one.co.uk/about-the-
project#project-
timeline-2020 
Yes 
Ørsted 
5 Howick 
Place, 
Victoria, 
London 
SW1P 1WG 
England 
Develops, 
constructs and 
operates 
offshore and 
onshore 
energy farms, 
facilities and 
plants 
None 
https://www.mainstre
amrp.com/chile/ 
Yes 
Mainstream Renewable 
Power 
Top Floor, 
Arena 
House, 
Arena Road, 
Sandyford, 
Dublin D18 
V8P6, 
Ireland 
Develops, 
builds and 
operates 
offshore and 
onshore wind 
farms and 
solar power 
plants 
None 
BNEF New Energy 
Outlook 2020 
Payment 
required 
Bloomberg New Energy 
Finance 
3 Queen 
Victoria 
Street, 
London, 
EC4N 4TQ, 
United 
Kingdom 
Consultancy 
providing data 
and research 
on global 
commodity 
and energy 
markets, with 
a particular 
focus on the 
energy 
transition 
None 
IEA World Energy 
Outlook 2020 
Payment 
required 
International Energy 
Agency 
9 rue de la 
Fédération 
75739 Paris 
Cedex 15 
France 
Inter-
governmental 
organisation 
providing data 
and research 
on global 
energy 
markets 
None 
IRENA Statistics 
(www.irena.org) 
Yes  
International 
Renewable Energy 
Agency 
Masdar City 
P.O. Box 
236, Abu 
Dhabi  
United Arab 
Emirates 
Inter-
governmental 
organisation 
None 
IRENA Global 
Renewables Outlook 
2020 
Yes 
International 
Renewable Energy 
Agency 
Masdar City 
P.O. Box 
236, Abu 
Dhabi  
United Arab 
Emirates 
Inter-
governmental 
organisation 
None

--- Page 53 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
53
IEA 
Yes  
International Energy 
Agency 
9 rue de la 
Fédération 
75739 Paris 
Cedex 15 
France 
Inter-
governmental 
organisation 
providing data 
and research 
on global 
energy 
markets 
None 
FTI Consulting / 
Mainstream 
No 
FTI Consulting 
555 12th 
Street NW, 
Suite 700, 
Washington 
DC, 20004, 
United 
States 
Global 
management 
consultancy 
firm active 
within a wide 
range of 
industries 
None 
South Africa’s 
Integrated Resource 
Plan 2019 
Yes 
Republic of South 
Africa, Department of 
mineral resources and 
energy 
Trevenna 
Campus, 
Building 2 C, 
Baard 
Street, 
Sunnyside, 
Pretoria, 
South Africa 
Country 
None 
Lee, Joyce & Zhao, 
Feng (2020). Global 
Wind Report 2019. 
GWEC 
Yes 
Global Wind Energy 
Council 
Rue Belliard 
51-53     
1000 
Brussels, 
Belgium 
Forum for the 
wind energy 
sector at an 
international 
level 
None 
WindEurope (2020). 
Offshore Wind in 
Europe: Key trends 
and statistics 2019 
Yes 
WindEurope 
Rue Belliard 
40, B-1040 
Brussels, 
Belgium 
Association 
promoting the 
use of wind 
power in 
Europe 
None 
EWEA (2016); The 
European offshore 
wind industry – key 
trends and statistics 
2015 
Yes 
WindEurope 
Rue Belliard 
40, B-1040 
Brussels, 
Belgium 
Association 
promoting the 
use of wind 
power in 
Europe 
None 
Carbon Trust and 
Industrial Technology 
Research 
Yes  
Carbon Trust 
The Carbon 
Trust, 4th 
Floor, Dorset 
House, 27-
45 Stamford 
Street, 
London, SE1 
9NT, United 
Kingdom 
Not-for-
dividend group 
advising 
governments 
and 
companies 
globally on 
sustainable 
development, 
carbon 
footprinting 
and 
verification, 
and low-
carbon 
technologies 
None 
Carbon Trust, 
Floating Wind Joint 
Industry Project 
Yes 
Carbon Trust 
The Carbon 
Trust, 4th 
Floor, Dorset 
House, 27-
45 Stamford 
Not-for-
dividend group 
advising 
governments 
and 
None

--- Page 54 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
54
Street, 
London, SE1 
9NT, United 
Kingdom 
companies 
globally on 
sustainable 
development, 
carbon 
footprinting 
and 
verification, 
and low-
carbon 
technologies 
https://www.iea.org/r
eports/ccus-in-clean-
energy-transitions/a-
new-era-for-ccus 
Yes 
International Energy 
Agency 
9 rue de la 
Fédération 
75739 Paris 
Cedex 15 
France 
Inter-
governmental 
organisation 
providing data 
and research 
on global 
energy 
markets 
None

--- Page 55 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
55
Bookrunners’ disclaimer 
 
DNB Bank ASA, Nordea Bank Abp, filial I Norge, Pareto Securities AS, Skandinaviska Endkilda Banken AB (publ) 
and Swedbank AB (publ), the Bookrunners, have assisted the Company in preparing the Base Prospectus. The 
Bookrunners have not verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or 
undertaking, express or implied, is made and the Bookrunners expressly disclaim any legal or financial liability as 
to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any other information 
supplied in connection with the issuance or distribution of bonds by Aker Horizons ASA.  
 
This Base Prospectus is subject to the general business terms of the Bookrunners, available at their respective 
websites. Confidentiality rules and internal rules restricting the exchange of information between different parts of 
the Bookrunners may prevent employees of the Bookrunners who are preparing this Base Prospectus from utilizing 
or being aware of information available to the Bookrunners and/or any of their affiliated companies and which may 
be relevant to the recipient’s decisions. 
 
Each person receiving this Base Prospectus acknowledges that such person has not relied on the Bookrunners, 
nor on any person affiliated with it in connection with its investigation of the accuracy of such information or its 
investment decision. 
 
Oslo, 16 July 2021 
 
 
 
DNB Bank ASA 
(www.dnb.no) 
 
 
Nordea Bank Abp, filial Norge 
(www.nordea.no) 
 
Pareto Securities AS 
(www.paretosec.com) 
 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken 
AB (publ) 
(www.seb.no)  
 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
(www.swedbank.no)

--- Page 56 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
56
Annex 1 Articles of Association for Aker Horizons ASA

--- Page 57 ---
Vedtekter
 
AKER HORIZONS ASA 
Articles of association
 
AKER HORIZONS ASA 
(Org. Nr. 925 978 558)
(Company. No. 925 978 558)
Fastsatt 20. april 2021
Adopted 20 April 2021
§ 1 Selskapets navn er Aker Horizons ASA.
Selskapet er et allmennaksjeselskap, med 
forretningskontor i Bærum kommune.  
§ 1 The company's business name is Aker Horizons 
ASA. The company is a public limited liability 
company, having its registered office in the 
municipality of Bærum.  
§ 2 Selskapets virksomhet er, selv eller sammen 
med andre, å investere i og utvikle selskaper 
eller virksomheter som driver innen energi, 
klima- og miljøløsninger og infrastruktur, og
tilhørende teknologi, varer og tjenester. 
 
§ 2 The company's purpose is to, by itself or 
together with other parties, invest in and 
develop companies and businesses within 
energy, climate- and environmental solutions,
and infrastructure, and associated technology, 
goods and services. 
§ 3 Selskapets aksjekapital er NOK 580 750 658,
fordelt på 580 750 658 
aksjer, hver 
pålydende NOK 1. Selskapets aksjer skal 
være registrert i Verdipapirsentralen. 
§ 3 The 
company’s 
share 
capital 
is 
NOK 
580,750,658 divided into 580,750,658 shares, 
each with nominal value NOK 1. The shares shall 
be registered with the Norwegian Central 
Securities Depository. 
§ 4 Styret består av 3 - 9 medlemmer. 
Selskapets firma tegnes av styrets leder 
alene eller to styremedlem i fellesskap. 
Styret kan meddele prokura . 
 
§ 4 The Board of Directors consists of 3 - 9
directors. The chairman of the Board of 
Directors alone or two Directors jointly have 
the right to sign for and on behalf of the 
Company. The Board of Directors may grant 
power of procuration. 
§ 5 Selskapet skal ha en valgkomité bestående 
av minst 2 medlemmer som skal velges av 
generalforsamlingen. Generalforsamlingen 
fastsetter godtgjørelsen til valgkomiteen. 
Valgkomiteen 
skal 
forberede 
valg 
av 
styremedlemmer. Generalforsamlingen kan 
vedta instruks for valgkomiteens arbeid. 
 
§ 5 The 
company 
shall 
have 
a 
nomination 
committee, consisting of at least two members 
elected by the general meeting. The general 
meeting determines the remuneration to the 
nomination 
committee. 
The 
nomination 
committee shall prepare the election of 
directors. The general meeting may adopt 
instructions for the nomination committee's 
tasks. 
 
§ 6 Selskapets generalforsamling skal innkalles 
ved skriftlig henvendelse til alle aksjonærer 
med kjent adresse. 
Når dokumenter som gjelder saker som skal 
behandles på generalforsamlingen, er gjort 
tilgjengelige for aksjonærene på selskapets 
internettsider, gjelder ikke lovens krav om 
at 
dokumentene 
skal 
sendes 
til 
aksjonærene. 
Dette 
gjelder 
også 
dokumenter som etter lov skal inntas i eller 
§ 6 General meetings shall be notified by written 
notice to all shareholders with known address. 
When documents relating to matters which 
shall be considered in the General Meeting have 
been made available to the shareholders on the 
company’s 
internet 
pages, 
legislative 
requirements that documents must be sent to 
the shareholders in printed form shall not 
apply. This is applicable also to such documents 
which, according to legislation, must be

--- Page 58 ---
vedlegges 
innkallingen 
til 
generalforsamlingen. 
En 
aksjonær 
kan 
likevel kreve å få tilsendt dokumenter som 
gjelder saker som skal behandles på 
generalforsamlingen. 
 
Selskapet kan i innkallingen angi en frist for 
påmelding som ikke må utløpe tidligere enn 
fem (5) dager før generalforsamlingen. 
 
Styret kan bestemme at aksjeeierne skal 
kunne avgi sin stemme skriftlig, herunder 
ved bruk av elektronisk kommunikasjon, i en 
periode før generalforsamlingen. For slik 
stemmegivning 
skal 
det 
benyttes 
en 
betryggende metode for å autentisere 
avsenderen. 
 
Generalforsamlingen ledes av styrets leder 
eller den han oppnevner. På den ordinære 
generalforsamling skal følgende spørsmål 
behandles og avgjøres: 
a) 
Godkjennelse 
av 
årsregnskap 
og 
årsberetning, herunder utdeling av utbytte.
b) Andre saker som etter lov eller vedtekter 
hører under generalforsamlingen. 
 
Generalforsamlingen kan holdes i Oslo.  
included in or attached to the notice of the 
General 
Meeting. 
Notwithstanding, 
a 
shareholder may demand to receive in printed 
form documents related to matters which are 
to be considered in the General Meeting. 
 
The company may set a deadline in the Notice 
of 
General 
Meeting 
for 
registration 
of 
attendance to the General Meeting, which shall 
not fall earlier than five (5) days prior to the 
General Meeting. 
 
The Board may decide that the shareholders 
may cast their vote in writing, including 
electronically, during a period prior to the 
General Meeting. For such voting an adequate 
method for authenticating the sender shall be 
applied. 
 
The Chairman of the Board or a person 
designated by him shall preside at the General 
Meeting. The Annual General Meeting shall 
discuss and decide on the following matters. 
a) Approval of the annual accounts and the 
annual 
report, 
including 
distribution 
of 
dividend, if any. 
b) Other matters that pursuant to law or the 
Articles of Association fall under the authority 
of the general meeting 
 
The general meeting may be held in the 
municipality of Oslo. 
***

--- Page 59 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
57
Annex 2 Financial Statements 
• 
The Company’s unaudited consolidated interim financial statements for the three and six months ended 
30 June 2021 
• 
The Company’s audited unconsolidated financial statements as of and for the period 1 November 2020 – 
31 December 2020 
• 
The Company’s audited carve-out combined financial statements as of and for the years ended 31 
December 2020, 2019 and 2018

--- Page 60 ---
H A L F - Y E A R  R E P O R T  2 0 2 1

--- Page 61 ---
Aker Horizons   2
Highlights | Half-Year Report 2021
Portfolio highlights
•	
Aker Carbon Capture started up 
the Brevik CCS project to realize 
the world’s first carbon capture 
facility at a cement plant, removing 
400,000 tonnes of CO2
•	
Aker Clean Hydrogen, Statkraft and 
Yara launched plans to electrify 
ammonia facility in Herøya, 
Norway, establishing Europe’s first 
industrial-scale green ammonia 
project and potentially removing 
800,000 tonnes of CO2
•	
Aker Carbon Capture, Ørsted 
and Microsoft signed an MoU to 
support development of CCS at 
biomass-fired heat and power 
plants in Denmark
•	
Aker Offshore Wind, bp and 
Statkraft established a consortium 
bidding to develop offshore wind 
energy in Norway
•	
Mainstream signed an agreement 
to acquire an 80 percent interest 
in the 405 MW solar energy 
development portfolio Dak Nong 
in Vietnam
Aker Horizons is dedicated to 
incubating and developing companies 
that solve fundamental challenges 
to sustainable existence – or planet-
positive investing. Aker Horizons 
has a dedicated team working to 
build leading companies that can 
meaningfully reduce CO₂ emissions 
while creating substantial value over 
time. Aker Horizons is majority-owned 
by Aker ASA, a Norwegian industrial 
investment company listed on the Oslo 
Stock Exchange.
The company leverages the Aker 
ecosystem’s deep domain expertise and 
capabilities to drive sustainable long-
term value creation. Aker Horizons has a 
2025 ambition to invest NOK 100 billion 
in green technology, develop 10 GW 
renewable power capacity, and enable 
the removal or avoidance of 25 Mt CO2e 
annually. Each Aker Horizons portfolio 
company works to maximize value 
individually, with separate management 
teams and boards, but with strong 
support from Aker Horizons to ensure 
activities are optimized across the entire 
value chain and to capitalize on internal 
expertise in the broader Aker group. 
Aker Horizons was listed on Euronext 
Growth Oslo on 1 February and started 
trading on the main list of the Oslo 
Stock Exchange on 21 May.  
Highlights
•	 Acquiring 75% 
of Mainstream 
Renewable Power for 
EUR 900 million on 
100% basis 
•	 Completing 
successful private 
placement and listing 
of Aker Horizons 
•	 Successfully placing 
Aker Horizons NOK 
2.5 billion unsecured 
green bond
•	 Launching and listing 
Aker Clean Hydrogen
The acquisition of 75 percent of 
Mainstream Renewable Power was 
announced in January and closed in 
May. Mainstream is a global pure-play 
renewable energy company that has 
developed and brought forward 6.5 GW 
of solar and wind projects to financial 
close. Existing Mainstream shareholders 
re-invested and retained 25 percent 
ownership in the company.  
Following the Mainstream 
announcement, Aker Horizons carried out 
a successful private placement raising 
NOK 4.6 billion and issued a subordinated 
convertible bond of NOK 1.5 billion. 
In the first half, Aker Horizons established 
a EUR 400 million corporate revolving 
credit facility agreement. The facility 
agreement contains an option to increase 
the facility to EUR 500 million and options 
to extend the 3-year tenor with 1 + 1 year 
subject to approval. 
In February, Aker Horizons also 
completed a new senior unsecured 
green bond issue of NOK 2.5 billion with 
maturity in August 2025. The bond issue 
was placed with a coupon of 3 months 
NIBOR + 3.25 percent p.a. with quarterly 
interest payments.

--- Page 62 ---
Aker Horizons   3
Sustainability
Aker Horizons is dedicated to developing companies that solve fundamental challenges to sustainable existence, with an ambition to deliver necessary 
products and services in a responsible and profitable way. Building on the shoulders of Aker’s industrial capabilities, Aker Horizons aims to build, scale 
and finance industries for the future and create green jobs. To achieve the desired impact, Aker Horizons shall develop and evaluate new investment 
opportunities and exert active ownership while incorporating sustainability as a core dimension. 
Aker Horizons is committed to having a 
planet-positive impact with sustainability 
at the essence of all activities – from 
investment screening to how ownership 
is exerted. The following frameworks 
are at the core of the company’s 
sustainability agenda:
•	
UN Sustainable Developments 
Goals:  All 17 SDGs shall be considered 
in Aker Horizons’ activities, with a 
particular emphasis on eight priority 
goals (highlighted, left).
•	
EU’s Sustainable Finance package, 
including the EU Taxonomy regulation, 
the Sustainable Finance Disclosure 
Regulation and the Corporate 
Sustainability Reporting Directive.
•	
The Aker Horizons Green Finance 
Framework, aligned with the ICMA 
Green Bond Principles and the 
LMA/LSTA Green Loan Principles.
•	
The UN Global Compact and the 
OECD Guidelines for Multinational 
Enterprises. At Aker Horizons, 
acting responsibly and with 
integrity, and taking responsibility 
for the impact the company has 
on stakeholders and surroundings 
is a guiding principle. Since May, 
Aker Horizons is a participant to 
the UN Global Compact corporate 
responsibility initiative and is 
committed to its principles in the 
areas of human rights, labour, the 
environment and anti-corruption.
Based on a fundamental belief 
in sustainable development, 
Aker Horizons is committed to:
•	
Protecting, preserving and restoring 
the climate; scaling Net Zero and 
Carbon Negative ambitions
•	
Protecting, preserving and restoring 
the environment and biodiversity 
•	
Sound resource utilization and 
realization of the circular economy
•	
Science, technology and innovation
•	
Financial and planet-positive 
returns on investment
•	
Best practice sustainability 
governance
In the first half, Aker Horizons recruited 
dedicated resources to drive the 
sustainability agenda across the 
company and its portfolio, and started 
to implement a framework for the 
company’s future sustainability work.
Further information is available on 
akerhorizons.com.
Sustainability | Half-Year Report 2021

--- Page 63 ---
Aker Horizons   4
Investment portfolio | Half-Year Report 2021
Investment 
portfolio 
Aker Carbon Capture
Aker Carbon Capture is a pure play, carbon capture technology provider 
serving a range of industries with carbon emissions, including the cement, 
bio and waste-to-energy, gas-to-power and blue hydrogen segments. 
Aker Carbon Capture’s proprietary, carbon capture technology offers a 
unique, environmentally friendly solution for removing CO2 emissions.
The start-up of the Brevik Carbon 
Capture and Storage EPC contract at the 
beginning of 2021 marked a breakthrough 
for Aker Carbon Capture and the carbon 
capture industry, being the first carbon 
capture project at a cement facility in 
the world. Through the first half of the 
year key milestones have been achieved, 
according to plan. The plant is scheduled 
to be in operation in 2024.
In March, Aker Carbon Capture, Ørsted 
and Microsoft signed an MoU to explore 
ways to support the development of 
carbon capture and storage at biomass-
fired heat and power plants in Denmark. 
By capturing the carbon emitted by 
biomass-fired heat and power plants 
and storing it underground, it is possible 
to not only reduce, but also remove 
carbon from the atmosphere – negative 
emissions, as carbon from sustainable 
biomass is part of a natural biogenic 
carbon cycle.   
In June, the Aker Carbon Capture 
moved to the Oslo Stock Exchange 
from Euronext Growth, making the 
stock eligible for trading by a wider 
pool of investors. Separately, Aker 
Carbon Capture was quoted on OTCQX, 
a platform for companies seeking to 
provide transparent information to a US 
retail investor audience.
Ownership agenda
•	
Contribute towards rapid 
development of Carbon Capture as 
a Service through Aker Horizons’ 
financing-vehicle Green Yield​
•	
Support development and cost 
optimization of entire CCS value chain​
•	
Deep understanding of carbon 
credit markets​
Key figures
Amounts in NOK billion
1H 2021
Market cap
11.2
Investment value 
5.7
Aker Horizons ownership (percent)
51
Employees and contractors
109

--- Page 64 ---
Aker Horizons   5
Aker Offshore Wind
Aker Offshore Wind builds on more than five decades of offshore operations 
at Aker to identify and develop deepwater offshore wind projects around 
the world, with a focus on floating wind. The company is actively developing 
opportunities in South Korea, the US, UK, Sweden and Norway. 
In the first half, UK energy company 
bp joined Statkraft and Aker Offshore 
Wind in a consortium bidding to 
develop offshore wind energy in 
Norway. The partnership – in which bp, 
Statkraft and Aker Offshore Wind will 
each hold a 33.3 percent share – will 
pursue a bid to develop offshore wind 
power in the Sørlige Nordsjø II (SN2) 
license area.
Philippe Kavafyan was appointed Chief 
Executive Officer of Aker Offshore Wind 
to deploy his vast experience from 
the wind industry to accelerate the 
deepwater wind developer’s growth 
ambitions across projects in Asia, 
Europe and North America. Later in 
the second quarter, Tom Selwood 
was appointed Chief Financial Officer. 
Selwood joins the company from Aker 
Horizons’ commercial finance unit 
where he has worked with M&A and 
financing for offshore wind projects. 
Ownership agenda
•	
Strategic partnerships​
•	
Growing pipeline organically and 
through M&A​
•	
Utilizing Aker group experience to 
significantly reduce LCoE​
Key figures
Amounts in NOK billion
1H 2021
Market cap
3.7
Investment value 
1.9
Aker Horizons ownership (percent)
51
Employees and contractors
100
Investment portfolio | Half-Year Report 2021
Aker Clean Hydrogen
Aker Clean Hydrogen is set up to develop and operate clean hydrogen 
production at industrial scale around the world, by taking advantage 
of the Aker group of companies’ combined capabilities across the 
hydrogen value chain, from renewable energy production to end-
consumers of clean hydrogen and ammonia. 
Aker Clean Hydrogen was launched in 
February as a new portfolio company 
incubated by Aker Horizons.
As part of the stock market listing, Aker 
Clean Hydrogen raised NOK 3 billion in a 
Private Placement of new shares, of which 
Aker Horizons invested NOK 500 million. 
During the first half, the company 
together with Statkraft and Yara launched 
ambitions to establish Europe’s first 
industrial-scale green ammonia project in 
Norway, to enable the hydrogen economy 
and accelerate the energy transition. The 
first project in the partnership will be to 
electrify Yara’s existing ammonia facility in 
Herøya. Aker Clean Hydrogen progressed 
its plans to realize projects in places such 
as Herøya, Rjukan, Aukra and Berlevåg in 
Norway and in South America in 2021. The 
company appointed Kristoffer Dahlberg 
Chief Financial Officer, effective June 
15. Dahlberg joined the company from 
Aker BP.  
Ownership agenda
•	
Develop both existing and new 
strategic partnerships​
•	
Support promotion and development 
of entire hydrogen value chain​
•	
Support financing optimization 
for large-scale hydrogen facilities 
through engagement with financial 
partners and development of 
financing models​
Key figures
Amounts in NOK billion
1H 2021
Market cap
5.6
Investment value 
4.3
Aker Horizons ownership (percent)
77
Employees and contractors
59

--- Page 65 ---
Aker Horizons   6
Sunrise Portfolio 
The Sunrise portfolio consists of Aker 
Horizons’ investments in Rainpower, 
SuperNode and REC Silicon. Aker 
Horizons acquired the hydropower 
technology company Rainpower to 
build a next generation technology 
company to optimize hydropower 
developments and operations. In 
June, Hege Brende was appointed 
Chief Executive Officer of Rainpower, 
taking over from 1 August. 
SuperNode, a superconducting 
technology company was 
acquired as part of the Mainstream 
transaction. Aker Horizons owns 
49.99 percent of SuperNode. 
Aker Horizons further owns 
24.7 percent of REC Silicon, a 
leading producer of advanced 
silicon materials listed on 
the Oslo Stock Exchange.  In 
March, Kjell Inge Røkke, Aker 
ASA’s main shareholder and 
a member of Aker Horizons’ 
Board of Directors, was elected 
chairman of REC Silicon.
Investment portfolio | Half-Year Report 2021
Mainstream Renewable Power
Mainstream is a leading independent renewable energy player with 
a global footprint and a proven track record across onshore and 
offshore wind and solar. 
The acquisition of Mainstream, valued at 
EUR 900 million on a 100 percent basis, 
gave Aker Horizons a portfolio of solar 
and wind projects in operation 0.2 GW 
and under construction of 1.4 GW, proven 
development capabilities and a global 
pipeline of development assets. Aker 
Horizons is targeting both organic and 
inorganic growth for Mainstream, and 
since the acquisition was announced on 
19 January, the pipeline has increased 
by nearly 2 GW, giving a total project 
portfolio including development pipeline 
of about 13.4 GW. 
Kristian Røkke, CEO of Aker Horizons, 
was appointed chairman of Mainstream 
Renewable Power in May.  
In June, Mainstream signed an agreement 
to acquire an 80 percent interest in the 
405 MW solar energy development 
portfolio Dak Nong in Vietnam. The 
portfolio of three projects, which is 
included in the Vietnamese government’s 
power development plan, has been in 
development since 2019 and is expected to 
reach financial close in 2022.
In June, Mainstream completed the final 
phase of the USD 1.8bn financing in Chile for 
the Andes Renovables platform. The wind and 
solar platform will have an installed capacity 
of 1.35 GW, showcasing Mainstream’s industry-
leading expertise in structuring hybrid 
projects to meet commitments to deliver firm 
power at scale over a 20-year period.
Ownership agenda
•	
Accelerate growth through maturing 
development pipeline and additional M&A​
•	
Drive synergies with Aker Offshore Wind 
and Aker Horizons’ digital program, 
electron​
•	
Extend business capabilities and footprint 
to become a Renewable Energy Major​
Key figures
Amounts in NOK billion
1H 2021
Investment value 
 7.7
Aker Horizons ownership (percent)
 75
Employees and contractors
449

--- Page 66 ---
Aker Horizons   7
Investment portfolio | Half-Year Report 2021
Aker Horizons ASA and holding companies
Combined income statement
for the period 1 January to 30 June
Amounts in NOK milllion
1Q 21
2Q 21
1H 21
Operating revenue
 19 
 25 
 44 
Operating expenses
 (94)
 (43)
 (136)
EBITDA
 (75)
 (18)
 (93)
Value change
 2 136 
 (154)
 1 982 
Net other financial items
 (184)
 (102)
 (285)
Profit (loss) before tax
 1 878 
 (273)
 1 605 
The income statement for Aker Horizons ASA and holding companies shows a profit 
before tax of NOK 1,605 million for the first half year 2021. The income statement is 
mainly affected by value changes in share investments.
Operating loss in the first six months were NOK 93 million.
Value change in the first six months was positive by NOK 1,982 million and is mainly 
reflecting a net gain of NOK 3,824 million related to the transfer to Euronext Growth 
for Aker Clean Hydrogen in March 2021. The gain is partly offset by value decrease of 
shareholding in Aker Offshore Wind of NOK 1,704 million and Aker Carbon Capture of 
NOK 139 million.
Net other financial items in the first six months amounted to negative NOK 285 million. 
Net interest expenses measured at amortized costs was NOK 167 million and net 
foreign exchange losses amounted to NOK 148 million.

--- Page 67 ---
Aker Horizons   8
Investment portfolio | Half-Year Report 2021
Amounts in NOK milllion
31 March 2021
30 June 2021
Interest-bearing assets
 26 
 26 
Investments 1
 13 742 
 21 347 
Trade and other receivables
 49 
 35 
Cash
 7 643 
 290 
Assets
 21 459 
 21 698 
Equity
 15 680 
 15 406 
Interest-bearing debt
 5 619 
 6 152 
Non-interest bearing debt
 161 
 139 
Equity and liabilities
 21 459 
 21 698 
Net debt
 2 024 
 (5 862)
Equity ratio (%)
 73 
 71 
1) Aker Horizons AS and holding companies prepares and presents its accounts in accordance with the 
Norwegian Act and generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), to the extent applicable. Accordingly, 
exchange-listed shares owned by Aker Horizons and holding companies are recorded in the balance sheet at 
the lower of market value and cost price.
The total book value of assets was NOK 22 billion at the end of second quarter.
Investments includes mainly shareholdings in Aker Carbon Capture, Aker Offshore 
Wind, Aker Clean Hydrogen, REC Silicon and Rainpower in addition to Mainstream, 
which was acquired during the second quarter for a total consideration of NOK 7,711 
million.
Aker Horizons’ cash stood at NOK 290 million as of 30 June 2021.
Interest-bearing debt amounted to NOK 6,152 million and includes the following loans:
Amounts in NOK milllion
31 March 2021
30 June 2021
Green bond
 2 500 
 2 500 
Convertible bond1
 1 168 
 1 194 
Shareholder loan (Aker Capital AS)
 2 000 
 2 000 
RCF
 - 
 560 
Capitalized loan fees
 (49)
 (102)
Total interest-bearing debt
 5 619 
 6 152 
1) NOK 348 million recognized in equity at inception
Aker Horizons ASA and holding companies
Combined balance sheet
for the period 1 January to 30 June

--- Page 68 ---
Aker Horizons   9
Risks
Aker Horizons is a newly established 
company with limited operating history. 
Risks that may materialise in relation to a 
newly established Company with limited 
operating history, include, but are not 
limited to, implementation of systems, 
routines and/or other integration 
measures taking a longer time and/
or being costlier than anticipated. 
Furthermore, return calculations, 
budgets and accounting based on 
forecasts and assumptions change 
or vary over time and there can be no 
assurance that the actual results of the 
Company and its portfolio companies 
will be in line with the Company’s current 
calculations and budgets. 
•	
The Company may fail to execute, or 
change, its strategy. The Company 
has an ambition to grow and expand 
further beyond its current portfolio. 
The Company may, however, due to, 
inter alia, external factors or internal 
decisions, fail to execute or change 
its current strategy and pursue 
alternative strategies. 
•	
The value of the Company’s 
shareholdings and other investments 
is exposed to share price risks.  
•	
The Company faces operational risks 
through the business of its portfolio 
companies. The Company’s portfolio 
companies are currently involved 
in various industries, including 
but not limited to offshore wind, 
carbon capture, hydrogen, the solar 
industry, onshore wind and the 
hydropower technology industry. 
Activities in these industries, as 
well as potential future industries/
adjacencies within the Company’s 
investment mandate, are often 
capital intensive and affected 
by cyclical variations and causes 
operational risks for the Company 
through its portfolio companies. 
•	
As part of its business plan, the 
Company may, from time to time, 
acquire other businesses or divest 
some of its businesses. Acquisition 
and divestment activities are 
attached with risk of lack of 
intended synergies, integration risks 
and costs, and risk of other losses.  
•	
Future earnings of the Company 
depend on the profitability and 
development of the Company’s 
portfolio companies. Future earnings 
of the Company depend on the 
earnings of its portfolio companies 
being distributed to the Company 
and/or on the potential realisation 
of any ownership interests in the 
portfolio companies. There is also 
a risk that the portfolio companies 
from time to time may need to 
enter into financing arrangements 
whereby its possibility to distribute 
any dividend may be restricted. 
•	
The Company’s ownership in its 
portfolio companies may be diluted 
if the Company does not participate 
or is not offered to participate on 
a pro rata basis or at all, in future 
equity raises in the companies.  
•	
The Group is subject to risks 
relating to changes in laws and 
regulations and is dependent on 
licenses, permits and approvals to 
operate. Furthermore, several of the 
Company’s portfolio companies are 
(to a various degree) expected to 
be dependent on support schemes 
and regulatory incentives which 
may not always be available. 
•	
The Company’s portfolio companies’ 
projects and prospects are capital 
intensive, and the portfolio 
companies (and consequently 
the Company) may need to raise 
additional funding to finance their 
projects. Furthermore, the Company 
and its portfolio companies are 
parties to financing arrangements 
and may in the future take on debt 
which in turn could limit its cash 
flow and operational flexibility.
Investment portfolio | Half-Year Report 2021
The Aker Horizons Share 
Shares in Aker Horizons started trading 
on Euronext Growth Oslo 1 February, 
following a private placement of new 
shares priced at NOK 35 per share. The 
share was transferred to the main list 
of the Oslo Stock Exchange on 21 May. 
The stock closed at NOK 28.54 at the 
end of 30 June, giving the company 
a market capitalization of NOK 16.6 
billion. The number of issued shares 
in Aker Horizons ASA amounted to 
580,750,658.
Group consolidated accounts
Aker Horizons’ consolidated accounts 
are presented on page 13 onwards. 
Detailed information on revenues and 
pre-tax profit for each of Aker Horizons’ 
operating segments is included in note 4.

--- Page 69 ---
Aker Horizons   10
Outlook
Renewable energy and green tech are 
at the centre of the transition to a less 
carbon-intensive and more sustainable 
energy system. The transition is driven by 
a rising number of investors, companies 
and governments pledging Net Zero 
ambitions – which are essential to reach 
the Paris agreement 1.5-degree target. 
Investments in clean energy and energy 
efficiency are set to reach a record USD 
750 billion in 2021, but there is a need to 
triple investments to achieve a 1.5-degree 
stabilisation. 
The Interntional Energy Agency’s flagship 
Net Zero by 2050 report, released in 
May 2021, stipulates that solar and wind 
energy will have to become the leading 
sources of electricity generation by 2030 
and reach 70 percent market share 
in global power generation by 2050, 
to reach the 1.5 degree target. Global 
energy sector investments will have to 
increase from 2.3 trillion USD annually to 
5 trillion USD annually by 2030 in order to 
reach the climate targets.
Carbon pricing is an efficient method 
for promoting deployment of clean 
industrial solutions like CCUS and green 
and blue hydrogen. The cost of emitting 
CO2 continued to rise throughout the 
first half of the year, as exemplified by 
the European ETS quota prices, which 
reached record highs above 55 euros per 
tonne CO2. 25 percent of global emissions 
are now covered by a carbon pricing 
mechanism, up from only 5 percent 10 
years ago. Both the volume covered, and 
the price of emissions are expected to 
increase over the coming decade. 
The EU Sustainable Finance package, 
including the EU Taxonomy regulation, 
the Sustainable Finance Disclosure 
Regulation and the Corporate 
Sustainability Reporting Directive, 
is expected to be a driving force for 
sustainable business development 
and steering sustainable capital flows 
going forward. Clarifications to the EU 
Taxonomy are expected in the second 
half of the year, which are likely to impact 
the financing cost for many sectors and 
industries. 
Investment portfolio | Half-Year Report 2021
The EU’s ‘’Fit for 55’’ package this 
summer and the UN COP 26 event in 
November 2021 are both expected to 
reveal more aggressive roadmaps for 
decarbonization, where carbon prices, 
support mechanisms and financing 
initiatives are expected to be included 
as means to reach desired targets.  
Thus, the long-term megatrends that 
drive investments in renewable energy 
and decarbonization technologies, are 
expected to continue. In the near to 
medium term, both relevant industrial 
segments and capital markets may 
experience volatility. However, Aker 
Horizons is well positioned to take 
advantage of long-term trends and 
near-term opportunities through its 
portfolio of companies. The strength 
of a diversified platform approach 
to solve the complexity of industrial 
decarbonization has become 
increasingly evident in the past two 
quarters and Aker Horizons aim to 
further build on this to achieve the 2025 
targets for investments, renewable 
energy generation and CO2 removal.

--- Page 70 ---
Aker Horizons   11
Investment portfolio | Half-Year Report 2021
NAV table 
Amounts in NOK milllion
No. shares
Share price
Market Cap
AH % ownership
AH Value
Per AH share
Aker Carbon Capture
566.1
19.80
11,205
51.0%
5,714
9.8
Aker Clean Hydrogen
687.8
8.14
5,598
77.2%
4,325
7.4
Aker Offshore WInd
678.7
5.52
3,747
51.0%
1,911
3.3
REC Silicon
372.4
18.79
6,998
24.7%
1,729
3.0
Listed assets
27,548
13,679
23.6
Non-listed assets
Book Value
AH % ownership
AH Value
Per AH share
Mainstream
10,282
75.0%
7,711
13.3
Other
156
0.3
Unlisted assets
7,868
13.5
Cash, cash equivalents and receivables
351
0.6
GAV
21,897
37.7
Liabilities
(6,291)
(10.8)
NAV
15,606
26.9

--- Page 71 ---
Aker Horizons   12
Declaration by the Board of Directors and CEO   | Half-Year Report 2021’
Declaration by the Board of Directors and CEO 
The board and CEO have today reviewed and approved the condensed, consolidated financial statements for the six months 
ending 30 June 2021 for Aker Horizons. This declaration is based on information received by the Board through reports and 
statements from the CEO and CFO as well as other information essential to assess the company’s results and financial position. 
To the best of our knowledge: 
•	
The half-year 2021 financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting. 
•	
The half-year 2021 financial statements give a true and fair view of the company’s assets, liabilities, and financial position in addition to the 
development and results of the company taken as a whole. 
•	
The half-year 2021 financial statements give a true and fair overview of important events that have occurred during the period and their 
impact on the financial statements, the most significant risks and uncertainties facing the company and significant related party transactions.
Fornebu, 13 July 2021 
Board of Directors and CEO of Aker Horizons ASA 
Øyvind Eriksen
Chairman
Kjell Inge Røkke
Lise Kingo
Lone Fønss Schrøder 
Kristian M. Røkke
Chief Executive Officer

--- Page 72 ---
Chapter title | Half Year Report 2021
Aker Horizons   13
Condensed consolidated 
accounts and notes

--- Page 73 ---
Condensed consolidated accounts and notes  | Half-Year Report 2021
Aker Horizons   14
Aker Horizons group
Condensed consolidated income statement 
for the period 1 January to 30 June
Aker Horizons group
Condensed consolidated statement of 
other comprehensive income
for the period 1 January to 30 June
Amounts in NOK milllion
Note
1H 2021
Revenues
4
 217 
Operating expenses
 (844)
Operating profit (loss) before depreciation and amortisation
 (627)
Depreciation and amortisation
 (16)
Operating profit (loss)
 (643)
Financial income
5
 9 
Financial expenses
5
 (359)
Share of profit (loss) equity accounted investees
8
 (82)
Profit (loss) before tax
 (1 074)
Tax benefit (expense)
 (1)
Profit (loss) for the period
 (1 075)
Attributable to:
Share of profit (loss) non-controlling interest
 (170)
Equity holders of parent company
 (905)
Profit (loss) for the period
 (1 075)
Average number of shares outstanding
515 481 419
Basic earnings (loss) per share
(2.09)
Diluted earnings (loss) per share
(1.90)
Amounts in NOK milllion
Note
1H 2021
Profit (loss) for the period
 (1 075)
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Currency translation differences
 213 
Cash flow hedge, change in fair value, net of tax
 9 
Share of OCI from equity-accounted investees
8
 (1)
Other comprehensive income (loss)
 220 
Total comprehensive income (loss)
 (855)
Comprehensive income for the period attributable to:
Non-controlling interests
 (121)
Equity holders of parent company
 (733)
Total comprehensive income (loss)
 (855)

--- Page 74 ---
Condensed consolidated accounts and notes  | Half-Year Report 2021
Aker Horizons   15
Amounts in NOK milllion
Note
30 June 2021
31 December 
2020
ASSETS
Non-current assets
Goodwill
6
 5 315 
 - 
Intangible assets
6
 84 
 4 
Right-of-use assets
12
 621 
 38 
Property plant and equipment
7
 11 085 
 3 
Deferred tax assets
 2 
 - 
Equity-accounted investees
8
 1 368 
 364 
Other investments
 79 
 - 
Total non-current assets
 18 554 
 409 
Current assets
Interest-bearing receivables
 26 
 25 
Inventories
 356 
 - 
Trade and other receivables
 1 511 
 18 
Restricted cash
10
 1 505 
 - 
Cash and cash equivalents
 5 933 
 943 
Total current assets
 9 330 
 986 
Total assets
 27 884 
 1 394 
Amounts in NOK milllion
Note
30 June 
2021
31 December 
2021
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity
Equity attributable to equity holders of parent company
9
 4 913 
 (450)
Hybrid capital
 16 
 - 
Non-controlling interest
 3 588 
 513 
Total equity
 8 517 
 63 
Non-current liabilities
Pension liabilities
 8 
 5 
Borrowings, external
11
 12 779 
 - 
Borrowings, related party
11
 1 992 
 1 000 
Lease liabilities
12
 586 
 28 
Other financial liabilities
 175 
 - 
Deferred tax liability
 407 
 - 
Total non-current liabilities
 15 947 
 1 034 
Current liabilities
Borrowings, external
11
 125 
 184 
Lease liabilities
12
 50 
 12 
Trade and other payables
 3 245 
 101 
Total current liabilities
 3 420 
 297 
Total equity and liabilities
 27 884 
 1 394 
Aker Horizons group
Condensed consolidated balance sheet
for the period 1 January to 30 June

--- Page 75 ---
Condensed consolidated accounts and notes  | Half-Year Report 2021
Aker Horizons   16
Amounts in NOK milllion
Note
1H 2021
Profit before tax
 (1 074)
Adjustment for:
Depreciation and amortisation
6,7,12
 16 
Share of profit (loss) equity-accounted investees
8
 82 
Financial items with no cash effect
 181 
Other items and changes in other operating assets and liabilities
 357 
Cash flow from operating activities
 (439)
Investments in property, plant and equipment
7
 (904)
Investments  in intangible assets
6
 (1)
Acquisition of subsidiary, net of cash acquired
3
 (4 753)
Payments for equity-accounted investees
8
(63)
Other investments
 (80)
Decrease in restricted cash
10
 454 
Cash flow from investing activities
(5 348)
Payment of lease liabilities
12
 (16)
Proceeds from borrowings and convertible bonds, net of transaction costs
11
 4 605 
Repayment of borrowings
11
 (409)
Proceeds from issue of share capital, net of transaction costs
9
 4 424 
Proceeds from private placement, net of transaction costs
3
 2 446 
Proceeds sale of non-controlling interest
 18 
Cash flow from financing activities
 11 067 
Net cash flow in the period
5 281
Effect of changes in exchange rates on cash
(291)
Cash and cash equivalent at the beginning of the period 1
 943 
Cash and cash equivalent at the end of the period
 5 933 
1) Cash and cash equivalent at the beginning of the period from combined carve-out financial statements, see note 2.
Aker Horizons group
Condensed consolidated cash flow statement
for the period 1 January to 30 June

--- Page 76 ---
Condensed consolidated accounts and notes  | Half-Year Report 2021
Aker Horizons   17
Amounts in NOK milllion
 Share 
capital 
 Other 
paid-in 
capital 
Retained 
earnings
Other 
equity 4
Cash flow 
hedge 
reserve
Currency 
translation 
reserve
Equity 
attributable 
to parent 
company
Hybrid 
capital 3
Non-
controlling 
interests
Total 
equity
Opening balance 1 January 2021 1
 - 
 - 
 (427)
 - 
 - 
 (23)
 (450)
 - 
 513 
 63 
Total other comprehensive income
 - 
 - 
 (905)
 - 
 6 
 166 
 (733)
 - 
 (121)
 (855)
Increase equity, net of transaction costs
 581 
 12 815 
-
 (8 972)
 - 
 - 
 4 424 
 - 
 3 160 
 7 584 
Equity portion, convertible bond
 - 
 - 
-
 348 
 - 
 - 
 348 
 - 
 - 
 348 
Sale to non-controlling interests 5
 - 
 - 
 1 872 
-
 - 
 - 
 1 872 
 16 
 36 
 1 924 
Continuity difference 2
 - 
 - 
-
 (547)
 - 
 - 
 (547)
 - 
 - 
 (547)
Equity as of 30 June 2021
 581 
 12 815 
 541 
 (9 172)
 6 
 143 
 4 913 
 16 
 3 588 
 8 517 
1) Aker Horizons ASA was incoporated on 1 November 2020 with a share capital of NOK 30,000. The table shows equity at the beginning of the period from the consolidated financial statements of Aker Horizons Holding 
AS group, see note 1 and 2.
2) The continuity difference represents the continuity effects from the transfer of 24.7% shareholding in REC Silicon ASA from Aker Capital AS. Book value of these shares in Aker Capital AS was NOK 256 million and 
seller’s credit amounted to NOK 803 million.  See note 3 for more information on accounting for the internal reorganisation.	
	
	
3) Hybrid capital from Rainpower transacton, see note 3 and 9 for more information.	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
4) Other equity includes negative NOK 8,972 million representing the difference between fair value and book value of assets transferred as contribution-in-kind in an internal reorganisation. See note 3 for more 
information. Other equity also includes NOK 348 million related to equity component of a convertible bond issue, see note 11 for more information.
5) Gain relates to private placement in Aker Clean Hydrogen, see note 3 for more information.
Aker Horizons group
Condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity 
for the period 1 January to 30 June

--- Page 77 ---
Condensed consolidated accounts and notes  | Half-Year Report 2021
Aker Horizons   18
Note 1 - General information
Aker Horizons ASA (the Company) is a limited liability public company 
incorporated and domiciled in Norway whose shares are traded on the Oslo Stock 
Exchange. On 1 February 2021, the Company was made available for trading on 
Euronext Growth (Oslo) under the ticker AKH, and on 21 May 2021 the Company 
transferred its listing from Euronext Growth (Oslo) to the Oslo Stock Exchange.
The registered office is located at Oksenøyveien 8, Bærum, Norway. The largest 
shareholder is Aker Capital AS and the ultimate parent company is The Resource 
Group TRG AS.
Aker Horizons ASA, previously named Aker Horizons AS and AH TI AS, was 
incorporated on 1 November 2021 and became the parent of the consolidated 
group through an internal reorganisation (see note 3 for further information) in 
the Aker ASA group on 19 January 2021.
The condensed interim consolidated financial statements of Aker Horizons ASA 
and its subsidiaries are collectively referred as Aker Horizons or the Group, and 
separately as group companies. Comparative figures are consolidated figures of 
Aker Horizons Holding AS group prior to the establishment of the Aker Horizons 
ASA group. Information on the group’s principal subsidiaries is provided in Note 15 
Group companies. 
Aker Horizons ASA is an investment company dedicated to developing companies 
that solve fundamental challenges to sustainable existence - or planet-positive 
investing. Its portfolio includes an offshore wind developer, a carbon capture 
specialist delivering proprietary CCS technology and plants, an independent 
renewable energy player with a global portfolio of assets across solar, onshore 
and offshore wind and a company dedicated to developing, building, owning and 
operating clean hydrogen production at industrial scale globally.
Note 2 - Basis of preparation
First-time Consolidated Financial Statements and Statement of Compliance
Aker Horizons’ half-year financial statements have been prepared in accordance 
with IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting and are unaudited. The first-time 
consolidated half-year financial statements have been prepared in accordance 
with IFRS 1, First-Time Adoption of International Financial Reporting Standards, for 
the reporting period ended 30 June 2021. 
Special purpose carve-out combined financial statements were prepared for the 
Aker Horizons group in line with International Financial Reporting Standards as 
adopted by the European Union (IFRS (EU)) for the years ended 31 December 2020, 
2019 and 2018 prepared in conjunction with the listing on the Oslo Stock Exchange, 
published on 21 May 2021. The accounting principles used in the half-year financial 
statements are consistent with those used in the carve-out combined financial 
statements, except as described below. As the half-year financial statements 
do not include all the information and disclosures required in the annual report, 
they should be read in conjunction with the 2020 carve-out combined financial 
statements, available at www.akerhorizons.com.
As the Group has acquired Mainstream Reneweable Power Ltd and Rainpower 
Holding AS during first half of 2021, significant accounting principles related to 
these two companies have been included in this report. See note 3 for more 
information about these acquisitions.
Opening balances and comparable figures
The Aker Horizons ASA group was created on 19 January 2021. Comparative figures 
are consolidated figures of Aker Horizons Holding group prior to the establishment 
of the Aker Horizons ASA group. Aker Horizons Holding AS group was established 
on 22 December 2020. Accordingly, there are no comparable half-year figures to 
present in this report.

--- Page 78 ---
Condensed consolidated accounts and notes  | Half-Year Report 2021
Aker Horizons   19
Basis of Consolidation
The consolidated condensed half-year financial statements comprise the 
parent company Aker Horizons ASA and its subsidiaries. Intra-group balances 
and transactions, and any unrealized gains and losses or income and expenses 
arising from intra-group transactions, are eliminated in the consolidated financial 
statements.
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when 
it is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the 
entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. 
The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in the consolidated financial 
statements from the date on which control commences until the date of which 
control ceases.
Business combinations
Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method as of the 
acquisition date, which is the date when control is transferred to the Group. The 
consideration transferred in the acquisition is generally measured at fair value, as 
are the identifiable net assets acquired. Any goodwill that arises is tested annually 
for impairment.
Transaction costs, other than those associated with the issue of debt or equity 
securities incurred in connection with a business combination are expensed as 
incurred.
Any contingent consideration payable is measured at fair value at the acquisition 
date.
Non-controlling interests
Non-controlling interests are measured initially at their fair value at the date of 
acquisition. Changes in the Group’s ownership interest in a subsidiary that do not 
result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity transactions.
Foreign operations
Foreign currency translation
Transactions in foreign currencies are translated into the respective functional 
currencies of Group companies at the exchange rates at the dates of the 
transactions.
Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated 
into the functional currency at the exchange rate at the reporting date. Non-
monetary items that are measured based on historical cost in a foreign currency 
are translated at the exchange rate at the date of the transaction.
Foreign operations
The assets and liabilities of foreign operations, including goodwill and fair value 
adjustments arising on acquisition, are translated into the presentation currency of 
the Group at the exchange rates at the reporting date. The income and expenses of 
foreign operations are translated into the presentation currency of the group at the 
exchange rates at the dates of transactions.
Foreign currency translation differences are recognised in OCI and accumulated in 
the currency translation reserve in equity, except to the extent that the translation 
difference is allocated to NCI.
Earnings per share
The calculation of ordinary earnings per share is based on the profit attributable to 
ordinary shares using the weighted average number of shares outstanding during 
the reporting period. The calculation of diluted earnings per share is consistent 
with the calculation of ordinary earnings per share, and gives effect to all ordinary 
shares with dilutive potential that were outstanding during the period.
Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and in hand and short-term 
deposits with an original maturity of three months or less and are subject to an 
insignificant risk of changes in fair value.
Restricted cash comprises cash that is held for a specific purpose and therefore 
not available to the Company for immediate or general business use.

--- Page 79 ---
Condensed consolidated accounts and notes  | Half-Year Report 2021
Aker Horizons   20
Power generation assets
Development and construction assets, which the group intends to dispose of 
prior to their commercial operation date, are held in inventory. Construction assets 
which the Group intends to hold after commercial operation date, are included in 
Property, Plant and Equipment under construction.
The Group begins to capitalise costs related to a project when it secures the initial 
land required.
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Net realisable 
value is the expected selling price in the ordinary course of business less estimated 
costs to completion and costs to sell.
The cost of work in progress covers development costs, construction costs, direct 
labour costs and other directly attributable costs, including borrowing costs.  
Overheads of local offices are capitalised to projects where those offices solely 
support development activities in that region. Head office costs are also capitalised 
where they are directly attributable to projects. These are capitalised on a time-
based allocation of staff working directly on projects and incidental costs as they 
incur.
Depreciation of power generation assets starts when commercial operations begin 
and useful life is estimated to 25 years.
Financial liabilities
The Group’s financial liabilities include trade and other payables, loans and interest-
bearing borrowings and derivative financial instruments.
Interest-bearing borrowings
Interest-bearing borrowings are recognised initially at fair value less attributable 
transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, interest-bearing borrowings 
are measured at amortised cost with any difference between cost and redemption 
value being recognized in the income statement over the period of the borrowings 
on an effective interest basis.
Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting
The Group uses derivative financial instruments, such as interest rate swaps, to 
hedge its interest rate risks. Such derivative financial instruments are initially 
recognised at fair value on the date on which a derivative contract is entered into 
and are subsequently re-measured at fair value.
Any gains or losses arising from changes in the fair value of derivatives are 
recognised in the Income Statement, except for the effective portion of cash flow 
hedges, which is recognised in other comprehensive income.
Compound instruments
On initial recognition of a compound instrument, the Group identifies the 
various components of the instrument; determines the fair value of the liability 
components, and determines the equity component as a residual amount.
The fair value of the liability component is the present value of the contractually 
determined stream of future cash flows discounted at the rate of interest 
applied by the market to instruments of comparable credit status and providing 
substantially the same cash flows, on the same terms, but without the other 
components. Thereafter, it is measured at amortised cost using the effective 
interest rate method until redemption.
The remainder of the proceeds on issue is allocated to the equity component. The 
carrying amount of the equity component is not re-measured in subsequent years.
Judgments and estimates 
The preparation of the half-year financial statements in conformity with IAS 34 
Interim Financial Reporting requires management to make judgments, estimates 
and assumptions each reporting period that affect the income statement and 
balance sheet. The accounting estimates will by definition seldom precisely match 
actual results. The judgments and estimates are based on historical experience 
or other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to 
be reasonable under the circumstances. Changes to accounting estimates are 
recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised and any subsequent 
periods the change relates to.

--- Page 80 ---
Condensed consolidated accounts and notes  | Half-Year Report 2021
Aker Horizons   21
In preparing these half-year financial statements, significant judgments made by 
management in applying the Group’s accounting policies and the key sources of 
uncertainty in the estimates, in addition to those described in the 2020 carve-out 
combined financial statement available on www.akershorizons.com, are discussed 
below.
Key accounting judgements
Classification of financial instruments
The Group reviews all financial instruments to which it is a party and considers, 
based on a number of criteria, whether or not the instrument should be classified 
as debt or equity. One key criterion in relation to this judgement is whether the 
Group has an obligation to pay dividends to the investing party. See note 11 for 
more information about convertible bonds.
Determination of subsidiaries, joint ventures or associates 
The Group assesses the treatment of all related party companies to ensure that 
these companies still meet the definition of a subsidiary, joint venture or associate 
in accordance with IFRS 10, 11 and 12. This includes assessing shareholdings, board 
memberships, voting rights and reviewing special resolutions in place.
Key estimates and assumptions
Fair value measurement of contingent consideration payable and receivable  
Contingent consideration payable or receivable is measured at fair value at the 
date at which it becomes contractually payable or receivable on completion 
of certain future contingent events. At each reporting date the asset or liability 
is subsequently measured at fair value. The determination of the fair value of 
contingent consideration payable is based on discounted cash flows. The key 
assumptions take into consideration the probability of meeting each performance 
target and the discount factor which includes own credit risk. Contingent 
consideration receivable is measured on the same basis.  See note 3 for more 
information about the contigent consideration payable related to the acqusition of 
Mainstreams.
Fair value of convertible bond
The fair value of convertible bonds is mainly estimated considering prevailing 
market interest rate for similar bonds without conversion options.

--- Page 81 ---
Condensed consolidated accounts and notes  | Half-Year Report 2021
Aker Horizons   22
Note 3 - Significant transactions in the period
Aker Carbon Capture, Aker Offshore Wind and REC Silicon
On 19 January 2021, in connection with, and as a result of an internal reorganisation, 
Aker Capital AS transferred at fair value its 100% shareholding in Aker Horizons 
Holding AS as well as its 24.7%  shareholding in REC Silicon ASA to the Company.  
The transfer was structured partly as a contribution-in-kind and partly as a seller’s 
credit of NOK 803 million. Aker Horizons Holding AS’ main assets at the time of 
the reorganisation were 51% shareholding in Aker Carbon Capture ASA and Aker 
Offshore Wind AS. Aker Horizons Holding AS also had a shareholder loan from Aker 
Capital AS of NOK 1,197 million at the time of the transaction. 
The transaction is booked as a common control transaction out of scope from 
IFRS 3 Business Combinations as Aker Capital AS was the sole shareholder of the 
company at the time of the transaction, and book values of assets and liabilities 
are continued in the consolidated accounts of Aker Horizons. The difference 
between fair value of the transactions and net assets transferred has been booked 
as continuity difference towards equity. As all three companies are included in 
the carve-out combined accounts for Aker Horizons, the continuity difference is 
reflected in historical periods with the exception of NOK 803 million reported as 
continuity difference in 2021 as it relates to the seller’s credit that was established 
under the internal organisation in January 2021. 
To replace the seller’s credit of NOK 803 million and the loan agreement of NOK 
1,197 million, the company entered into an unsecured shareholder loan agreement 
with Aker Capital AS (described further in note 13 Related party transactions).
Rainpower Holding AS (Rainpower)
Rainpower was acquired 26 March 2021 for a cash consideration of NOK 8.5 million. 
Rainpower offers proprietary technologies for integrated products and services to 
the hydropower industry worldwide.
In connection with this acquisition, existing debt in Rainpower has been 
refinanced and replaced with a subordinated perpetual equity linked loan 
agreement, assessed as hybrid capital with fair value NOK 16 million, see note 9 
for more information. A preliminary purchase price allocation shows an allocation 
of excess values of NOK 107 million to goodwill and NOK 52 million to customer 
relationship. Transaction costs related to the Rainpower transaction of NOK 8 
million have been recognised as operating expenses. 
Mainstream Renewable Power Ltd (Mainstream)
On 11 May 2021 Aker Horizons acquired 75% of the shares in Mainstream. 
Mainstream is a leading independent renewable energy player with a global 
footprint and a proven track record across renewable power industries.
The cash consideration for the 75% stake in Mainstream was EUR 640 million. In 
addition, EUR 109 million has been transferred to Mainstream as a capital increase 
in the company.
In addition to the consideration payable on closing, the share purchase agreement 
contains a contingent consideration payable to selling shareholders based on 
Mainstream being awarded MWs in certain auctions. The earn-out payment is 
calculated based on MWs awarded as an amount per MW and capped at EUR 100 
million. If successful, Aker Horizons will pay according to its ownership percentage, 
currently at 75%. The contingent consideration payable by Aker Horizons has been 
valued to EUR 12 million in the preliminary purchase price allocation. Transaction 
costs related to the Mainstream transaction of NOK 202 million have been 
recognised as operating expenses, of which NOK 92 million is stamp-duty.
A preliminary purchase price allocation has been performed. The table below 
summarises the preliminary recognised amounts of assets acquired and liabilities 
assumed at the date of acquisition. Pending completion of the purchase price 
allocation, the fair values allocated to PPE and equity-accounted investees have 
been measured on a provisional basis. 
The goodwill resulting from the acquisitions is mainly attributable to Mainstream’s 
development pipeline combined with its global organisation. There is also an 
expectation that Mainstream will have synergies, collaboration and development 
projects with several other companies in the Aker Horizons portfolio. None of the 
goodwill recognised is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.

--- Page 82 ---
Condensed consolidated accounts and notes  | Half-Year Report 2021
Aker Horizons   23
Identified assets acquired and liabilities assumed related to Mainstream 
acquisition
Amounts in NOK milllion
Assets
Non-current assets (Including PPE, IA and ROU assets)
10 770
Trade and other receivables 1
1 358
Restricted cash
1 935
Cash and cash equivalents
1 659
Total assets
15 722
Liabilities
Deferred tax
396
Borrowings
8 789
Other non-current liabilities
530
Trade and other payables
2 027
Total liabilities
11 742
Net identifiable assets
3 980
Goodwill
5 137
Non-controlling interest (NCI) 2
2 577
Total consideration for 75% of the shares
6 541
Of which cash
6 416
Cash acquired
1 659
Cash outflow
4 757
1) The trade receivables comprise gross contractual amounts due of NOK 1,063 million of which nil  was 
expected to be uncollectable at the date of acquisition.
2) The fair value of NCI is determined as 25% of the fair value of Mainstream plus 25% of the fair value of the 
capital increase made by Aker Horizons as part of the transaction.
For the period between the date of acquisition and 30 June 2021, Mainstream 
contributed NOK 1 million to Aker Horizons’ revenues and negative NOK 85 million 
to profit before tax. If the business combination had taken place at the beginning 
of the year, the Group’s revenues would have been NOK 217 million and profit 
before tax for the Group would have been negative NOK 1,417 million.
SuperNode Limited (SuperNode)
As part of the Mainstream transaction, the Company, through its subsidiary 
SuperNode Holding AS, assumed 49.99% indirect ownership in SuperNode, being 
an associated company for the group. The consideration for acquiring 49.99% of 
SuperNode was EUR 1.25 million. In addition, EUR 3.5 million has been transferred 
to SuperNode as a capital increase in the company.
SuperNode is developing SuperGrid enabling technology, in particular a proprietary 
technology for superconducting cable systems for bulk power transfer.
Aker Clean Hydrogen
Aker Clean Hydrogen, incorporated in February 2021, is a subsidiary of the 
company, and was established as a pure play industrial clean hydrogen developer 
and operator with the purpose of accelerating global decarbonisation. Aker Clean 
Hydrogen shares became available for trading on Euronext Growth in March 2021 
and raised new equity through a private placement with net proceeds of NOK 
2,935 million. Aker Horizons participated in the private placement with NOK 500 
million and holds 77% of Aker Clean Hydrogen following the private placement.  A 
gain of NOK 1,819 million was recognised in equity related to the transaction.

--- Page 83 ---
Condensed consolidated accounts and notes  | Half-Year Report 2021
Aker Horizons   24
Note 4 - Operating segments
Reportable segments are components of the Group regularly reviewed by the chief operating decision maker to assess performance and to allocate resources. The Group’s CEO 
(Chief Executive Officer) is the chief decision maker at Aker Horizons. Transactions between the segments are eliminated upon consolidation.
Reportable segments in Aker Horizons:
•	
Aker Offshore Wind (AOW) sources, develops and structures offshore wind projects, primarily focused on deepwater projects
•	
Aker Carbon Capture (ACC) offers products, technology and solutions within the field of carbon capture, utilisation and storage (“CCUS”) 
•	
Aker Clean Hydrogen (ACH) is dedicated to developing, building, owning and operating clean hydrogen production at industrial scale globally
•	
Rainpower offers proprietary technologies for integrated products and services to the hydropower industry worldwide
•	
Mainstream is global renewable energy developer that develops, builds and operates wind and solar power plants
•	
Other includes unallocated corporate costs and management services as well as the share of profit (loss) in the equity-accounted investees REC Silicon and SuperNode
Amounts in NOK milllion
Note
 ACC 
ACH
AOW
Mainstream 1
Rainpower
Other 1, 2
Eliminations 1,2
Total
Income statement 
Total segment revenue
133
1
2
4
76
2
-
217
Inter-segment revenue
-
-
-
-
-
42
(42)
-
Revenue from external contracts
133
1
2
4
76
44
(42)
217
Operating profit (loss) before depreciation, amortisation and impairment (EBITDA)
(70)
(59)
(118)
(155)
(22)
(93)
(109)
(627)
Operating profit (loss) (EBIT)
(73)
(60)
(121)
(159)
(28)
(93)
(111)
(643)
Share of profit (loss) equity accounted investees
7
-
-
(36)
(7)
-
-
(38)
(82)
Net financial items
-
1
-
(10)
(2)
1 697
(2 036)
(350)
Profit (loss) before tax
(72)
(60)
(157)
(176)
(29)
1,604
(2,185)
(1,074)
1) Mainstream includes NOK 92 million (stamp-duty) and “Eliminations” includes NOK 110 million in transaction costs related to the acquisition of Mainstream. “Other” includes NOK 8 million in transaction costs related to the acquistion 
of Rainpower.  See note 3 for more information.
2) Net financial items in Other and Elimination reflects share value changes reported in Aker Horizons ASA and holding companies, which are eliminated in the consolidated account

--- Page 84 ---
Condensed consolidated accounts and notes  | Half-Year Report 2021
Aker Horizons   25
Amounts in NOK milllion
Note
 ACC 
ACH
AOW
Mainstream
Rainpower
Other
Eliminations
Total
Assets and liabilities
Non-current assets
18
94
393
17 516
262
21 348
(21 077)
18 554
Current assets
792
2 833
404
4 814
161
351
(24)
9 330
 - of which restricted cash
16
-
-
-
1 505
-
-
-
1 505
Non-current liabilities
9
5
10
9 668
99
6 152
4
15 947
Current liabilties
421
47
89
2 508
237
139
(21)
3 420
Net current operating assets (liabilities)
(176)
(38)
(69)
(924)
(66)
(105)
-
(1 378)
Net cash (debt)
552
2,828
389
5,340
(25)
(5,862)
-
(7,458)
Amounts in NOK milllion
Note
 ACC 
ACH
AOW
Mainstream 1
Rainpower
Other 1
Eliminations 1
Total
Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers
Revenue from contracts with customers recognised over time
133
1
2
3
70
44
(42)
210
Revenue from contracts with customers recognised at point in time
-
-
-
-
7
-
-
7
Other income
-
-
-
1
-
-
-
1
Total
133
1
2
4
76
44
(42)
217
1) Mainstream includes NOK 92 million (stamp-duty) and “Eliminations” includes NOK 110 million in transaction costs related to the acquisition of Mainstream. “Other” includes NOK 8 million in transaction costs related to the acquistion 
of Rainpower.  See note 3 for more information.

--- Page 85 ---
Condensed consolidated accounts and notes  | Half-Year Report 2021
Aker Horizons   26
Note 5 - Financial income and expenses
Amounts in NOK milllion
30 June 2021
Interest income
8
Interest expense on financial liabilities measured at amortised cost
(169)
Net foreign exchange gain (loss)
(154)
Interest expense on lease liabilities
(5)
Other financial income
9
Other financial expense
(39)
Net financial expenses recognised in profit and loss
(350)
Note 6 - Intangible assets
Amounts in NOK milllion
Note
Goodwill
Capitalised 
development
Other 
intangible
Total
Balance as of 1 January 2021
-
4
-
4
Additions
-
1
-
1
Acquisition of subsidiaries
3
5 244
27
52
5 323
Amortisations
-
(1)
-
(1)
Currency translation differences 
71
-
-
71
Balance as of 30 June 2021
5 315
31
52
5 398
Goodwill relates to Mainstream and Rainpower, both acquired in the first half 
year of 2021, and other intangible assets relate to the estimated value of customer 
relationships in Rainpower. Both purchase price allocations are provisional. See 
note 3 for more information.
Note 7 - Property, plant and equipment
Amounts in NOK milllion
Note 
Machinery & 
equipment
Assets under 
construction 
Total
Balance as of 1 January 2021
3
-
3
Acquisition of subsidiaries
3
21
9 544
9 565
Additions
2
1 197
1 199
Depreciations 
(3)
-
(3)
Currency translation differences and other changes
-
321
321
Balance as of 30 June 2021
23
11 062
11 085
Assets under construction
Assets under contstruction relate to Mainstream’s project assets Condor and 
Huemul in Chile. The assets are expected to reach Commercial Operation Date in 
second half 2021 and 2022, respectively.

--- Page 86 ---
Condensed consolidated accounts and notes  | Half-Year Report 2021
Aker Horizons   27
Note 8 - Equity-accounted investees
Joint ventures (JVs) are entities where the Company has joint control and rights to net assets. Associates are entities where the Company has significant influence, but not control 
or joint control (usually between twenty and fifty percent of voting power). Interests in associates and joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method. See below for the 
book value of equity-accounted investments. 
Ownership 2
47.1%
24.7%
33.8%
40.0%
Classification
Associate
Associate
Associate
JV
Amounts in NOK milllion
Note
Principle Power 
Inc (AOW) 3
REC Silicon ASA 
(AH) 3
MRP Africa 
Holdings Limited 
(Mainstream)
Aquila 
(Mainstream)
Other
Total
Balance as of 1 January 2021
364
-
-
-
-
364
Reclassification receivables
31
31
Investments
-
-
-
7
57
63
Acquisition of business
3
378
327
-
705
Transfer by contribution-in-kind
3
256
256
Share of profit (loss) 1
(16)
(38)
(1)
(6)
(20)
(82)
Share of other comprehensive income
1
-
(1)
-
-
(1)
Currency translation differences
24
1
(3)
8
-
30
Balance as of 30 June 2021
373
218
373
336
67
1 368
1) REC Silicon releases 2Q 2021 results after Aker Horizons, and the 1H 2021 share of profit is based on an assumption that Q2 will be equal to Q1 2021.
2) Ownership percentage does not include ownership by non-controlling interest.
3) Further details on Principle Power Inc and REC Silicon ASA equity-accounted investees can be found in the combined carve-out financial statements as referred to in note 2.

--- Page 87 ---
Condensed consolidated accounts and notes  | Half-Year Report 2021
Aker Horizons   28
Acquisition of Mainstream in 2021 has resulted in two significant equity-accounted 
investees, further described below.
MRP Africa Holdings Limited 
Mainstream Renewable Power Africa Holdings Limited (“MRP Africa Holdings”) 
is a holding company for Mainstream’s investment in Lekela Power B.V. MRP 
Africa Holdings is recognised as an associate, of which Mainstream holds a 33.8% 
shareholding, resulting in an indirect shareholding of 14% in Lekela Power B.V. 
In July 2016, Mainstream and Mainstream Renewable Power Offshore Holdings 
Limited (“Mainstream Offshore”), signed contractual agreements with a number 
of investors, whereby the shareholders committed to invest USD 177.5 million in 
MRP Africa Holdings with Mainstream Offshore committing USD 60 million and 
the investors USD 117.5 million. This funding is committed exclusively to fund the 
administration of MRP Africa Holdings and its funding commitments to Lekela. As 
at 30 June 2021, total funding of USD 53.2 million has been issued. In the coming 
years MRP Africa Holdings will continue to invest the committed funds.
Aquila Renewable Limited and Liguria 1 Limited (Aquila)
In 2013, Mainstream entered an agreement with Actis, a private equity fund, to 
jointly construct a portfolio of wind and solar projects in Chile. Mainstream has a 
40% shareholding in the joint venture structures; “Aquila Renewable Limited” and 
“Liguria 1 Limited”, which are collectively described as Aela Energía. Subsequently, 
Mainstream sold its 90% subsidiary, AM Eolica Negrete SpA (“Negrete”), a 33MW 
wind farm under construction, to Aquila Renewable Limited. On completion of the 
sale of Negrete, Mainstream received a loan from its joint venture partner of USD 20 
million, and the outstanding loan balance of USD 13.4 million. The loan is repayable 
from the disposal proceeds of the Mainstream interest in Aquila (Aela). However, 
under the terms of the loan and given the expected disposal proceeds, it is highly 
unlikely that the repayment of the loan would have negative economic impact on 
Mainstream as Mainstream’s share of the disposal proceeds will not be impacted 
by the loan repayment.
During 2016, certain projects were sold to Aela Energía and revenue of EUR 3.9 
million was deferred in relation to the gain on the sale of projects to the Aela 
joint venture, representing Mainstream’s 40% shareholding in the Aela joint 
venture. Liguria 1 Limited had no capital commitments as at 30 June 2021. Aquila 
Renewable Limited had the following capital commitments as at 30 June 2021: 
In 2017 a ‘Collateral Agency, Security and Depositary Agreement’ was signed, 
governing the flow of funds in relation to the $413.5 million Credit Agreement; 
In 2017 an insurance guarantee was signed, in relation to the 2016/01 tender 
where Aela Generacion was awarded 80GWh. Mainstream has fully funded its 
construction equity obligations relating to the Aela project financing facilities 
and as such, has no further contractual commitments relating to the Aela project 
finance facilities.
Mainstream’s interests in its principal joint ventures and associates were as 
follows:
Amounts in NOK milllion
33.8% 
MP Africa Holdings 
Limited (Mainstream)
40.0% 
Aquila 
(Mainstream)
Non Current Assets
626
4 643
Current Assets
11
400
Current Liabilities
(11)
(280)
Non Current Liabilities
-
(3 940)
Net Assets of Associate / JV
626
823
Investment in JV  
211
329
Excess value
169
13
Deferred gain
0
33
Other consolidation adjustments
(7)
(39)
Carrying Value Associate / JV
373
336
Revenue 1
18
201
Expenses 1
(20)
(236)
Tax Expense 1
(4)
(5)
Net profit (loss)
(6)
(40)
Share of net proft (loss)
(2)
(16)
1) Includes amounts from 1 January to 30 June 2021. Only amounts from 11 May 2021 are included in these 
consolidated financial statements.

--- Page 88 ---
Condensed consolidated accounts and notes  | Half-Year Report 2021
Aker Horizons   29
Note 9 - Share capital and capital reserves
The Company holds no treasury shares. The share capital of Aker Horizons ASA is 
divided into 580 750 658 ordinary shares with a nominal value of NOK 1. All issued 
shares are fully paid.
Issues of ordinary shares during the half-year 
Shares at the beginning of the period 
3 000
Issue of ordinary shares 19 January 2021
450 000 000
Issue of ordinary shares 31 January 2021
118 893 516
Issue of ordinary shares 17 February 2021
11 857 142
Ordinary shares at end of the period
580 753 658
Share capital and other paid-in capital
Aker Horizons ASA has one class of shares, ordinary shares, with equal rights for 
all shares. The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends and are 
entitled to one vote per share at General Meetings.
All shares were issued with a share premium (between NOK 21 and NOK 34) 
resulting in other paid-in capital of NOK 12,185 million, net of transaction costs of 
NOK 138 million.
Currency translation reserve
The foreign currency translation reserve comprises the aggregate effect since 
incorporation or acquisition of translating the equity of subsidiaries that have 
a functional currency different than its parent company to the currency of the 
parent company, including the Group’s share of joint venture and associate foreign 
exchange variations.
Other equity
Other equity comprises continuity differences from common control transactions 
and equity component of compound instruments.
Cash flow hedge reserve
The cash flow hedge reserve comprises the aggregate movement in the value of 
interest rate swaps that has been designated for hedge accounting, including the 
Group’s share of joint venture and associate cash flow hedge reserves.
Hybrid capital
In March 2021, as part of the recapitalisation of Rainpower, Rainpower entered 
into a NOK 113 million subordinated perpetual equity linked loan agreement. 
The existing lenders agreed to ease Rainpower’s existing debt obligations to 
improve the liquidity by amending and restating existing facilities agreements 
into a subordinated loan agreement under which the lenders became holders of 
subordinated perpetual debt with no instalments or scheduled maturity date. 
As Rainpower has no contractual obligation to repay the loan, the Hybrid loan is 
assessed to not meet the requirements in the definition of a financial liability. The 
Hybrid loan has thus been classified as hybrid capital within equity. The fair value of 
the Hybrid loan is estimated to NOK 16 million in the purchase price allocation, see 
note 3 for more information.
Note 10 - Restricted cash
As of 30 June 2021, NOK 1,505 million of the Group’s cash was restricted, the 
amount relates only to Mainstream. Of this amount around NOK 525 million is 
related to cash backing of certain guarantees provided on behalf of Mainstream. 
Around NOK 980 million is related to the Condor and Huemul projects, where the 
funding mechanism under the project financing facility is that drawdowns are 
disbursed into restricted cash and then utilised to pay for the Condor and Huemul 
project capex.

--- Page 89 ---
Condensed consolidated accounts and notes  | Half-Year Report 2021
Aker Horizons   30
Note 11 - Borrowings
Overview of loans and borrowings
Amounts in NOK milllion
 Maturity
Borrowing 
in currency
Currency
 June 30, 
2021 1
Convertible loan - Aker Horizons ASA
2026
1 500
NOK
1 188
Shareholder loan - Aker Horizons ASA
2026
2 000
NOK
1 992
Green bond - Aker Horizons ASA
2025
2 500
NOK
2 470
Revolving Credit Facility - Aker Horizons ASA
2024
560
NOK
504
Facilities (Rainpower)
2026
33
NOK
33
Construction financing (Mainstream)
2038/2039
785
USD
6 351
AMP loan (Mainstream)
2025
250
USD
2 111
VAT loans (Mainstream)
2023/2024
15
USD
127
Other loans
120
Total borrowings
14 896
1) Net of transaction costs
Current borrowings
124
Non-current borrowings
14 772
Total borrowings
14 896
Reconciliation of movements of loans and borrowings in the period
Amounts in NOK milllion
Non-current 
borrowings
Current 
borrowings
Total 
borrowings
Balance as of 1 January 2021
1 000
 184 
1 184
Cash changes
Cash proceeds received from lenders 1
4 605
-
4 605
Repayments to lenders
-
(409)
(409)
Non-cash changes
Convertible bond, equity portion
(348)
-
(348)
Interest accrual
39
-
39
Amortisation of loan
3
-
3
Acquisition of business
8 300
533
8 834
Common control transaction 2
987
(184)
803
Currency translation
185
-
185
Balance as of 30 June 2021
14 772
124
14 896
1) Net of transaction costs
2) This relates to the Shareholder loan from Aker Capital AS that was established as part of an interal 
reorganisation, see note 3 for more information
Revolving Credit Facility (RCF)
In April 2021, the Company signed a multicurrency revolving credit facility of EUR 
400 million. The facility can be drawn for general corporate purposes of the Group, 
including for the purpose of funding capex, acquisition costs and expenses. The 
RCF includes customary financial covenants such as a maintenance-based loan to 
value (LTV) covenant of 50 percent. Loan in the LTV covenant includes senior loans in 
Aker Horizons ASA (not subordinated debt). The covenant also includes a minimum 
liquidity covenant of NOK 200 million. As of 30 June 2021, NOK 560 million was drawn. 
Green bond
In February 2021, the Company signed an unsecured green bond issue in an 
amount of NOK 2,500 billion, with a tenor of 4 years, a bullet amortisation and carry 
an interest rate of 3M NIBOR + 3.25% margin. The terms of the green bond issue 
include customary financial covenants such as an incurrence based loan to value 
covenants such as an incurrence based loan to value covenant and a minimum 
liquidity covenant of NOK 200 million, in line with the RCF described above.

--- Page 90 ---
Condensed consolidated accounts and notes  | Half-Year Report 2021
Aker Horizons   31
Convertible bond  
In February 2021, the Company issued unsecured convertible bonds in the 
amount of NOK 1,500 million with a tenor of 5 years, bullet amortisation and 1.5% 
p.a. payment in kind (PIK) interest. The bondholders may elect to convert the 
bonds to shares in the Company at any time during the term of the bond issue at 
a conversion price which is 25% above the offer price of NOK 35 per share in the 
private placement that took place in January 2021 in Aker Horizons ASA. The bonds 
issued under the convertible bond issue ranks pari passu with other subordinated 
debt of Aker Horizons but is subordinated to senior debt of the borrower in the 
event of a default under any of Aker Horizons financial arrangements. Aker Capital 
AS underwrote the convertible bond issue in full, and was allocated NOK 1,200 
million in the convertible bond issue.
On initial recognition, the fair value of the the debt component of the convertible 
bond was estimated to NOK 1,152 million and the residual of NOK 348 million was 
recognised as equity.  
Shareholder loan
27 January 2021, the Company entered into a subordinated loan agreement of NOK 
2,000 million with Aker Capital AS (see note 3 Significant transactions and note 13 
Related parties for more information).
Senior secured facility agreement and overdraft facility (Rainpower)
In March 2021, Rainpower entered into a NOK 53 million senior secured facilities 
agreement, of which NOK 28 million was drawn at 30 June 2021. The purpose of 
which is to provide financial support to Rainpower and certain of its subsidiaries.
In addition, Rainpower has an overdraft facility of NOK 30 million, of which NOK 5 
million was drawn as of 30 June 2021. 
Construction financing (Mainstream)
In October 2019, Mainstream entered into a project financing loan agreement for 
USD 548.4 million, of which was fully drawn at 30 June 2021. This loan will provide 
construction funding to finance a majority portion of Mainstream’s commitment in 
the Condor projects and is payable quarterly. The loan accrues interest at 4.12% p.a. 
which is payable monthly. The remainder of the funding will be coming from the 
AMP mezzanine financing and as equity from Mainstream. 
In August 2020, Mainstream entered into a project financing loan agreement 
for USD 542 million, of which USD 237 million was drawn down at 30 June 2021. 
This loan will provide construction funding to finance a majority portion of 
Mainstream’s commitment in the Huemul projects, and is payable quarterly. 
The loan accrues interest at 4.06% p.a. which is payable monthly. The remainder 
of the funding will be coming from the AMP mezzanine loan and equity from 
Mainstream.
The construction financing loans have customary covenants that relate to the use 
of funds and 12-month historic and forecast Debt Service Coverage Ratios (“DSCR”) 
at each debt service payment date.
In September 2020, Mainstream entered into a mezzanine financing loan 
agreement (AMP loan with Australian Mutual Provident “AMP Capital”) for USD 250 
million, of which USD 250 million was drawn down at 30 June 2021. This loan will 
provide funding to finance a portion of Mainstream’s commitments in the Condor 
and Huemul projects. The loan accrues interest at 8.25% p.a. which is payable 
quarterly.
Other loans (Mainstream)
Other loans include a loan from a joint venture partner of EUR 10.9 million from 
2014 which is repayable in 2021.
In November 2019, Mainstream Renewable Power entered into a Project Financing 
VAT loan agreement for USD 50 million, of which USD 14.9 million was drawn 
down at 30 June 2021. This loan will provide VAT funding to support Mainstream’s 
commitment in the Condor projects.

--- Page 91 ---
Condensed consolidated accounts and notes  | Half-Year Report 2021
Aker Horizons   32
Note 12 - Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities
Amounts in NOK milllion
Note
Land & 
buildings
Machinery & 
equipment
Total right-of-
use assets
Lease 
liabilities
Balance as of 1 January 2021
38
-
38
41
Acquisitions of subsidiaries
3
571
3
574
611
Depreciations
(12)
-
(12)
-
Interest expense
-
-
-
5
Lease payments and interests
-
-
-
(17)
Currency translation differences and other changes
21
-
21
(4)
Balance as of 30 June 2021
618
3
621
636
The carrying amount of right-of-use assets increased with NOK 574 million in the period as a result of acquisitions of Mainstream 
(NOK 503 million) and Rainpower (NOK 71 million) in 2021 (see note 3 for more information). The majority of the right-of-use assets 
from Mainstram relates to seven land leases in Chile for the Condor and Huemul projects, expiring over a period from 22 to 34 years. 
Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease term and the estimated useful lives of the 
assets, as follows:
•	
Land and buildings 13 months to 34 years
•	
Motor vehicles and other equipment 13 months to 5 years
Lease liabilities increased with NOK 611 million and relates to Mainstream (NOK 536 million) and Rainpower (NOK 75 million).

--- Page 92 ---
Condensed consolidated accounts and notes  | Half-Year Report 2021
Aker Horizons   33
Note 13 - Related party transactions
All transactions with related parties have been carried out based on arm’s length 
terms. For detailed description of related party transactions, please refer to note 20 
in the 2020 carve-out combined financial statements.
Below is a summary of significant transactions and balances between Aker 
Horizons and related parties.
Amounts in NOK milllion
Aker 
entities
Related 
parties to 
Aker
Associates 
and Joint 
Ventures
Joint 
Ventures
Income statement
Revenues
-
2
1
1
Operating expenses
(3)
(100)
-
-
Interest income
-
-
1
-
Interest expense
(54)
-
-
-
Balance sheet
Trade and other receivables
-
2
107
-
Non-current borrowings
(1 992)
-
-
-
Non-current lease liabilities
-
(20)
-
-
Current lease liabilities
-
(17)
-
-
Trade and other payables
(64)
(33)
-
-
Aker Capital AS
As part of the the internal reorganisation, as described in note 3, the Company 
obtained an unsecured shareholder loan from Aker Capital AS in the amount of 
NOK 2,000 million. The Shareholder Loan has a tenor of 5 years without scheduled 
amortisation, and carries a 6.0% p.a. fixed interest. Under the Shareholder Loan, 
the Company has an option to elect to defer any interest payment (in whole or 
in part), at which all deferred interest shall accumulate and remain outstanding 
until paid in full, at the latest on the maturity date. If any interest is deferred, 
the interest rate for the principal amount will increase to 7.0 % p.a. for as long as 
any deferred interest is outstanding. Deferred interest will not accumulate any 
interest, and the Company may elect when the deferred interest is paid (up until 
the maturity date). The Company shall however pay any deferred interest prior to 
paying any dividend. The Shareholder Loan is a subordinated loan, ranking pari 
passu with other subordinated debt of the Company but is subordinated to senior 
debt of the borrower in the event of a default under any of the Company’s financial 
arrangements.  Book value of the loan as of 30 June 2021 is NOK 1,992 milllion, net 
of transaction costs. Accrued interest as of 30 June 2021 is included in Trade and 
other payables.

--- Page 93 ---
Condensed consolidated accounts and notes  | Half-Year Report 2021
Aker Horizons   34
The Group is party to off-balance sheet arrangements that are reasonably likely to 
have current or future material effect on the Group’s financial condition, results of 
operations, liquidity, capital expenditure or capital resources. 
The following items are not recognised in the Group’s balance sheet: 
Mainstream 
In the ordinary course of business for a renewable energy developer, it is custom 
to provide certain guarantees and committments. Land bonds, grid bonds, bid 
bonds and performance bonds are all customary bonds that must be put in place, 
but that are not expected to be drawn on. See below for overview of significant 
guarantees and committments for Mainstream:
EUR 196.5 million letter of credit and bonding facility 
The Trade Finance Facility (“TFF”) is a non-cash Senior Facility Agreement that is 
used to provide Bond Instruments (i.e. Letters of Credit and Performance Bonds) 
to support Mainstream construction equity commitments for projects during 
construction. The TFF lenders are 5 banks, and the bond instruments issued from 
the TFF are fronted by Swiss Re as Issuing Institution. The TFF is used for the Andes 
portfolio of projects and guarantees Mainstream’s equity portion of the projects. 
This TFF facility is a guarantee facility that will be utilised in the beginning of a 
project instead of equity and be replaced with Mainstream’s equity towards the 
end of the construction phase. When released from the Condor projects, the TFF 
facility can be utilised for the Huemul projects and the Copihue project. 
Land bonds Chile 
Land Ministry Bonds to the total value of EUR 11.2 million are in issue, guaranteeing 
the performance of land agreements for ten Chilean projects in the Andes 
portfolio. 
Grid bonds Chile
On being awarded a grid agreement for a Chilean project, bonds to the total value 
of EUR 2.3 million were issued. 
Bid bonds and performance bonds Chile: 
On being awarded bids in the Distribution Company (the counterparty to the PPAs 
with the Mainstream owned Andes Renovables supplying the eletricity) tender for 
seven Chilean projects, bid bonds and performance bonds to the total value of EUR 
33.5 million were issued. The bid bonds are cash backed, currently with approx. 
EUR 2.8 million reported as restricted cash.
Other performance guarantees Chile: 
The Company has issued several other performance guarantess, all issued in the 
normal course of business for a total of EUR 1.1 million.
Capital commitments - Condor portfolio main contracts
Turbine supply agreements, balance of plant agreements, transformer and grid 
connection agreements are in place to the value of EUR 11 million.
Capital commitments - Huemul portfolio main contracts: 
Turbine supply agreements, balance of plant agreements, transformer and grid 
connection agreements are in place to the value of EUR 264 million.
Capital commitments - Copihue project main contracts: 
Turbine supply agreements, balance of plant agreements, transformer and grid 
connection agreements are in place to the value of EUR 139 million.
Aker Carbon Capture
Aker Carbon Capture AS has entered into a parent company guarantee related 
to project performance on behalf of group companies. In addition, Aker Carbon 
Capture Norway AS has entered into a NOK 750 million Advance Payment 
Guarantee facility. According to the advanced payment facility, the group has an 
obligation to ensure that it has sufficient cash or cash equivalents, whereby the 
total cash and cash equivalents held by the group shall be at least equal to 25% 
of any outstanding guarantees under the guarantee facility, and in any event, 
minimum NOK 100 million.
Note 14 - Capital commitments, guarantees and contingencies

--- Page 94 ---
Condensed consolidated accounts and notes  | Half-Year Report 2021
Aker Horizons   35
Note 15 - Group companies
The Group’s first half year financial statements include the financial statements of Aker Horizons ASA and all of its subsidiaries, 
the principal ones of which are listed below. If not stated otherwise, ownership equals the percentage of voting shares.
Company
City/Country
Ownership
Company
Aker Carbon Capture ASA 1
Bærum, Norway
51%
Aker Carbon Capture Norway AS 1
Bærum, Norway
51%
Aker Offshore Wind AS 1
Bærum, Norway
51%
Aker Offshore Wind Operating Company AS 1
Bærum, Norway
51%
Aker Clean Hydrogen AS
Bærum, Norway
77%
Aker Clean Hydrogen Operating Company AS 2
Bærum, Norway
77%
Principal subsidiaries Rainpower 3
Rainpower Holding AS
Kjeller, Norway
100%
Rainpower Norge AS
Kjeller, Norway
100%
Hymatek Controls AS
Oslo, Norway
100%
Rainpower Kristinehamn AB
Kristinehamn, Sweren
100%
Principal subsidiaries Mainstream 3
Mainstream Renewable Power Ltd 
Dublin, Ireland
75%
International Mainstream Renewable Power Limited
Dublin, Ireland
75%
Mainstream Renewable Power Group Finance Limited
Dublin, Ireland
75%
Mainstream Renewable Power (Offshore) Holdings Limited
Dublin, Ireland
75%
Mainstream Renewable Power Mezzanine Finance DAC
Dublin, Ireland
75%
Mainstream Renewable Power Trade Finance DAC
Dublin, Ireland
75%
UK Mainstream Renewable Power Limited
London, UK
75%
Luxembourg Mainstream Renewable Power S.à r.l
Luxembourg
75%
Luxembourg Mainstream Chile Holdings S. à .r.l
Luxembourg
75%
Horizont II Renewable GmbH
Berlin, Germany
75%
Mainstream Renewable Power Inc
Delawere, USA
75%
Andes Mainstream SpA
Santiago, Chile
75%
Huemul Energia SpA 
Santiago, Chile
75%
Condor Energia SpA
Santiago, Chile
75%
South Africa Mainstream Renewable Power Developments (Pty) Limited
Cape Town, South Africa
75%
Mainstream Renewable Power Philippines Holdings B.V
Amsterdam, The Netherlands
75%
Denef Investments S.L.U
Madrid, Spain
75%
Mainstream Renewable Power Vietnam LLC
Hanoi City, Vietnam
75%
Mainstream Renewable Power Asia Holdings Pte
Singapore
75%
1) Also included in Combined Carve-Out Financial Statements, see note 2
2) Dormant entity in Combined Carve-out Financial Statements. Renamed from AH TO AS
3) Acquired in 2021, see note 3 for more information

--- Page 95 ---
Condensed consolidated accounts and notes  | Half-Year Report 2021
Aker Horizons   36
Note 16 - Financial risk and exposure
Financial risk and capital management
The Aker Horizons group consists of various operations and companies that are 
exposed to different types of financial risks, including credit-, liquidity and market 
risk (e.g. energy price-, currency- and interest risk). The purpose of risk management 
is to measure and manage financial risk in a reliable manner, thereby increasing 
predictability and reducing negative effects on Aker Horizons’ financial results.
The Group has put in place a set of policies and procedures to assist in the 
management of group financial risk. These procedures are to be approved and 
reviewed annually by the Board. These policies and procedures primarily cover 
foreign exchange risk, credit risk, liquidity risk and interest rate risk. 
Aker Horizons’ capital management policy are designed to ensure that the Group 
has sufficient financial flexibility, short-term and long-term, to maintain a strong 
capital base to retain investor, creditor and market confidence, to ensure financial 
flexibility for the seizure of opportunities as they arise, and to maintain a capital 
structure that minimises the company’s cost of capital.
Commodity price risk
The Group, through its investment in Mainstream Renewable Power, is exposed to 
commodity price risk as the price of electricity is a key input to the valuation model 
of a wind farm asset. The Group intends to manage the risk of electricity price 
volatility by seeking to agree Power Purchase Agreements (PPAs) with off-takers of 
electricity to fix a price for a given term prior to financial close of a project. 
 
The Group also considers other commodity price risk such as that of oil, steel and 
other metal or turbine components which can have an impact on the Group’s 
business as part of its overall risk assessment.
Currency risk
The Group operates internationally and is exposed to currency risk on commercial 
transactions, recognised assets and liabilities and net investments in foreign 
operations. Commercial transactions and recognised assets and liabilities are 
subject to currency risk when payments are denominated in a currency other than 
the respective functional currency of the Group company. The Group’s exposure to 
currency risk is primarily to EUR, USD and GBP, but also other currencies.
The Group manages its foreign exchange risk in accordance with the agreed 
policies. These principally focus on the Group’s foreign currency requirements for 
12 months and their level of certainty. When longer term foreign exchange risk can 
be measured with reasonable certainty (for example during the construction of a 
renewable energy asset), the Group will, subject to market conditions, enter into 
financial derivative agreements to hedge these potential cash flow exposures.
Credit risk
Credit risk is the risk of financial losses to the Group if customer or counterparty to 
financial investments/instruments fails to meet contractual obligations and arise 
principally from investment securities and receivables. 
The Group holds a diversified portfolio of borrowings. The Group transacts with a 
variety of high credit rated financial institutions for the purpose of placing deposits. 
The Group’s objective is to only trade with counterparties that have an investment 
grade rating.
The Group actively monitors its credit exposure to each counterparty. In addition, 
the Group reviews the creditworthiness of key suppliers, customers or other 
stakeholders and partners (such as construction contractors, electricity off-takers 
or turbine suppliers) when entering into significant or long-term contracts. The 
Group currently has no concerns regarding the recoverability of receivables based 
on our assessment of these counterparties.
The Group is exposed to credit risk from its operating activities (primarily for other 
receivables) and from its financing activities, including deposits with banks and 
financial institutions. 
 
The Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk for the components of the Group 
Statement of Financial Position at 30 June 2021 is the carrying amount of its cash 
and cash equivalents, trade and other receivables and financial guarantees at 
that date. Outstanding customer and other receivables are regularly monitored. 
An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date. The impairments 
analysis is based on; amounts due, contracts and agreements, days past due date 
and historical recoverability of customer. At 30 June 2021, there were no materially 
overdue receivables and as a result no impairment was deemed to be required.

--- Page 96 ---
Condensed consolidated accounts and notes  | Half-Year Report 2021
Aker Horizons   37
Liquidity and interest rate risk
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will have insufficient funds to meet its 
liabilities. The Group actively manages its use of long-term and short-term assets 
and liabilities to ensure it has sufficient funds available to meet the demands of the 
Group. The Group has long-term debt funding and has cash balances with deposit 
maturities up to three months. 
 
Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of an asset or 
liability will fluctuate because of changes in market interest rates. The Group is 
exposed to interest rate risk from its financing activities. The Group minimises 
this risk by borrowing at a fixed rate of interest where possible. Where Group 
borrowings are at a floating rate of interest the Group manages future exposure to 
interest rate risk by using appropriate interest rate risk management methods.

--- Page 97 ---
Aker Horizons   38
Alternative Performance Measures (APM)
Aker Horizons discloses alternative performance measures in addition to those normally required by IFRS as such performance 
measures are frequently used by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties. Alternative performance measures are meant 
to provide an enhanced insight into the operations, financing and future prospects of the company. These measures are calculated in a 
consistent and transparent manner and are intended to provide enhanced comparabilities of the performance from period to period. 
Alternative Perfomance Measures | Half-Year Report 2021
Reconciliations
Net current operating assets (NCOA)
Amounts in NOK milllion
30 June 2021
31 December 2020
Trade and other receivables
1 511
18
Inventories
356
-
Trade and other payables
(3 245)
(101)
Net current operating assets (NCOA)
(1 378)
(84)
Net debt
Amounts in NOK milllion
30 June 2021
31 December 2020
Non-current borrowings
14 771
1 000
current borrowings
125
184
Gross debt
14 896
1 184
Restricted cash
(1 505)
-
Cash and cash equivalents
(5 933)
(943)
Total cash and cash equivalents
(7 438)
(943)
Net debt
7 458
241
Definitions
EBITDA - Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation, 
corresponding to “Operating profit before depreciation, amortisation and 
impairment” in the consolidated income statement.
EBIT - Earnings before interest and tax, corresponding to “Operating profit (loss)” in 
the consolidated income statement.
Capex - A measure of expenditure on PPE that qualify for capitalisation.
Net current operating assets (NCOA) - A measure of working capital. It is 
calculated by trade and other receivables and inventories minus trade and other 
payables, excluding financial assets or financial liabilities related to hedging 
activities.
Net debt - Gross debt minus cash and cash equivalents

--- Page 98 ---
Chapter title | Half Year Report 2021
Aker Horizons   39
Aker Horizons
Oksenøyveien 8,  
NO-1366 Lysaker, Norway
akerhorizons.com

--- Page 99 ---
AH TI AS 
(to be named Aker Horizons AS)
Income statement 
Amounts in NOK
Note 
1 Nov - 31 Dec 2020
Revenue
0
Operating expenses
4
0
Operating profit
0
Net financial items
0
Net profit
0

--- Page 101 ---
AH TI AS 
(to be named Aker Horizons AS)
Note 1 - Accounting principles
The financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis.
Note 2 - Equity
Amounts in NOK
Share 
capital
 Other 
equity 
Total
Incorporation
30 000
30 000
Incorporation fees
-5 570
-5 570
Total
30 000
                
-5 570
24 430
                     
Note 3 - Receivables
Note 4 Operating expenses
Note 5 Management remuneration
There has been no fees to the board of directors in the reporting period and no members of the board of 
directors are part of any option or incentive programs or has any loans provided by the company.
As of December 31, 2020, the company has no employees and CEO services have been provided from 
the parent company.
The share capital is divided into 3 000 shares with a nominal value of NOK 10. Aker Capital AS owns 
100% of the shares.
The company has a receivable of NOK 24 430 on Aker Capital AS.
Aker Horizons AS is a company domiciled in Norway. The company was incorporated 1 November 2020.  
The only shareholder is Aker Capital AS and the ultimate parent company is The Resource Group TRG AS. 
The financial statements are presented in conformity with Norwegian Accounting Act and Norwegian 
generally accepted accounting principles (NGAAP) for small entities as of 31 December 2020.
The company’s financial statements are presented in NOK, which is the functional currency.
As there are no employees in the company as of 31 January 2021 the company is not obliged to provide 
an employment pension plan.
KPMG is the auditor of the group. The Group has not expensed any cost for services provided by the 
auditor in the reporting period.

--- Page 102 ---
KPMG AS 
Sørkedalsveien 6  
Postboks 7000 Majorstuen  
0306 Oslo  
Telephone +47 45 40 40 63 
Fax  
Internet www.kpmg.no 
Enterprise 935 174 627 MVA 
 
To the General Meeting of AH TI AS 
 
Independent auditor’s report 
Report on the Audit of the Financial Statements 
Opinion 
We have audited the financial statements of AH TI AS showing a profit of NOK 0. The financial statements 
comprise the balance sheet as at 31 December 2020, the income statement for the year then ended, and 
notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies. 
In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements are prepared in accordance with law and regulations 
and give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Company as at 31 December 2020, and its 
financial performance for the year then ended in accordance with the Norwegian Accounting Act and 
accounting standards and practices generally accepted in Norway. 
Basis for Opinion 
We conducted our audit in accordance with laws, regulations, and auditing standards and practices generally 
accepted in Norway, including International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). Our responsibilities under those 
standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements 
section of our report. We are independent of the Company as required by laws and regulations, and we have 
fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. We believe that the audit 
evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. 
Responsibilities of the Board of Directors for the Financial Statements 
The Board of Directors (management) is responsible for the preparation in accordance with law and 
regulations, including a true and fair view of the financial statements in accordance with the Norwegian 
Accounting Act and accounting standards and practices generally accepted in Norway, and for such internal 
control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are 
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.  
In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to 
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern. The financial 
statements use the going concern basis of accounting insofar as it is not likely that the enterprise will cease 
operations. 
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements  
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are 
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes 
our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit 
conducted in accordance with laws, regulations, and auditing standards and practices generally accepted in 
Norway, including ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise 
from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be 
expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements. 
As part of an audit in accordance with laws, regulations, and auditing standards and practices generally 
accepted in Norway, including ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional 
scepticism throughout the audit. We also: 
• 
identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to 
fraud or error. We design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit 
evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting

--- Page 103 ---
AH TI AS 
2 
a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may 
involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal 
control.  
• 
obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures 
that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the 
effectiveness of the Company’s internal control. 
• 
evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting 
estimates and related disclosures made by management. 
• 
conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting 
and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or 
conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If 
we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s 
report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to 
modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our 
auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue 
as a going concern. 
• 
evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the 
disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events 
in a manner that achieves a true and fair view. 
We communicate with the Board of Directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing 
of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we 
identify during our audit. 
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements 
Opinion on Registration and Documentation 
Based on our audit of the financial statements as described above, and control procedures we have 
considered necessary in accordance with the International Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 
3000, Assurance Engagements Other than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information, it is our 
opinion that management has fulfilled its duty to produce a proper and clearly set out registration and 
documentation of the Company’s accounting information in accordance with the law and bookkeeping 
standards and practices generally accepted in Norway. 
 
 
Oslo, 12 January 2021 
KPMG AS 
 
 
 
Vegard Tangerud 
State Authorised Public Accountant

--- Page 104 ---
1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AKER HORIZONS AS 
Carve-out Combined Financial Statements  
2018 - 2020

--- Page 105 ---
2 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Income Statement ................................................................................................................................. 3 
Comprehensive Income ....................................................................................................................... 4 
Balance Sheet ........................................................................................................................................ 5 
Cash Flow Statement ............................................................................................................................ 7 
Statement of Changes in Equity .......................................................................................................... 9 
Notes to the Financial Statements .................................................................................................... 11 
1 
Reporting Entity....................................................................................................................... 11 
2 
Basis of Accounting ................................................................................................................ 11 
3 
Revenues .................................................................................................................................. 16 
4 
Operating Segments ............................................................................................................... 19 
5 
Expenses ................................................................................................................................... 25 
6 
Tax ............................................................................................................................................. 25 
7 
Pro Forma Earnings per Share ............................................................................................... 27 
8 
Property, Plant and Equipment ............................................................................................. 28 
9 
Intangible Assets ..................................................................................................................... 30 
10 
Interest-Bearing Receivables ............................................................................................. 31 
11 
Current Operating Assets and Liabilities .......................................................................... 32 
12 
Leases ................................................................................................................................... 33 
13 
Employee Benefits ............................................................................................................... 35 
14 
Capital and Reserves ........................................................................................................... 37 
15 
Capital Management .......................................................................................................... 37 
16 
Financial Risk Management and Exposures ..................................................................... 37 
17 
Changes in Liabilities Arising from Financing Activities ................................................. 39 
18 
Interest in Other Entites ..................................................................................................... 40 
19 
Equity-Accounted Investees .............................................................................................. 43 
20 
Related Parties ..................................................................................................................... 49 
21 
Management Remuneration .............................................................................................. 55 
22 
Subsequent Events .............................................................................................................. 55

--- Page 106 ---
3 
 
INCOME STATEMENT 
For the financial years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 
 
Amounts in NOK thousand 
Note 
2020 
2019 
2018 
  
 
 
 
Revenues 
3 
        26,592          42,529          17,777  
 
 
 
 
 
Materials, goods and services 
 
      (17,232)       (36,244)       (12,995) 
Salary and other personnel costs 
13, 21 
      (65,650)         (8,765)         (3,916) 
Other operating expenses 
5 
    (133,261)         (6,216)         (5,535) 
Depreciation and amortization 
8, 9, 12 
        (5,407)                -                   -    
Operating profit (loss) 
  
  (194,958)       (8,696)       (4,669) 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial income 
 
          1,806                 -                   -    
Financial expenses 
 
        (8,501)                -                   -    
Net financial items 
  
      (6,694)                -                   -    
 
 
 
 
 
Share of profit (loss) equity-accounted investees 
19 
    (124,789)         (5,633)                -    
Profit (loss) before tax 
  
  (326,441)     (14,330)       (4,669) 
 
 
 
 
 
Tax benefit (expense) 
6 
               (4)                -                   -    
Profit (loss) for the period 
  
  (326,445)     (14,330)       (4,669) 
 
 
 
 
 
Attributable to: 
 
 
 
 
Equity holders of parent company 
  
    (277,672)       (14,330)         (4,669) 
Non-controlling interest 
18 
      (48,773)                -                   -    
Profit (loss) for the period 
  
  (326,445)     (14,330)       (4,669) 
 
 
 
 
 
Pro forma earnings (loss) per share in NOK 
7 
    (0.48) 
    (0.02) 
    (0.01)

--- Page 107 ---
4 
 
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
For the financial years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 
 
Amounts in NOK thousand 
2020 
2019 
2018 
  
 
 
Profit (loss) for the period 
  (326,445)     (14,330)       (4,669) 
 
 
 
 
Other comprehensive income 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to 
profit or loss:  
 
 
 
Translation differences - foreign operations 
      (29,338)                -                   -    
 
 
 
 
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to 
profit or loss:  
 
 
 
Share of OCI from associates 
        (2,322)                -                   -    
Other comprehensive income (loss) 
    (31,660)                -                   -    
Total comprehensive income (loss) 
  (358,105)     (14,330)       (4,669) 
 
 
 
 
Attributable to: 
 
 
 
Equity holders of parent company 
    (300,670)       (14,330)         (4,669) 
Non-controlling interest 
      (57,435)                -                   -    
Total comprehensive income (loss) 
  (358,105)     (14,330)       (4,669)

--- Page 108 ---
5 
 
BALANCE SHEET 
For the financial years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 
 
Amounts in NOK thousand 
Note 
2020 
2019 
2018 
  
 
 
 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Non-current assets 
 
 
 
 
Intangible assets 
9 
            3,801                 -                   -    
Right-of-use assets 
12 
          37,564                 -                   -    
Property, plant and equipment 
8 
            3,147                 96                 -    
Equity accounted investees 
19 
        620,254        215,089                 -    
Financial investments 
19 
                 -                   18          63,800  
Total non-current assets 
  
     664,766      215,203        63,800  
 
 
 
 
 
Current assets 
 
 
 
 
Interest bearing receivables 
10 
          24,867                 -                   -    
Current operating assets 
11 
          17,584            3,539            8,368  
Cash and cash equivalents 
 
        943,112                 -                   -    
Total current assets 
  
     985,562          3,539          8,368  
Total assets 
  
  1,650,328      218,742        72,168

--- Page 109 ---
6 
 
 
Equity and liabilities 
  
Equity 
Contributed equity and retained earnings 
14 
      (170,850)       200,410          63,257  
Other reserves 
14 
        (22,998)                -                   -    
Equity attributable to equity holders 
of the parent company 
  
   (193,848)     200,410        63,257  
Non-controlling interests 
18 
        513,209                 -                   -    
Total equity 
  
     319,360      200,410        63,257  
 
 
 
 
 
Non-current liabilities 
 
 
 
 
Pension liabilities 
13 
            5,430                 -                   -    
Non-current borrowings, related party 
17 
     1,000,000                 -                   -    
Non-current lease liabilities 
12, 17 
          28,451                 -                   -    
Total non-current liabilities 
  
  1,033,882                 -                   -    
 
 
 
 
 
Current liabilities 
 
 
 
 
Current borrowings, related party 
17 
        183,650                 -                   -    
Current lease liabilities 
12 
          12,064                 -                   -    
Current operating liabilities 
11 
        101,372          18,332            8,911  
Total current liabilities 
  
     297,086        18,332          8,911  
Total equity and liabilities 
  
  1,650,328      218,742        72,168  
 
 
 
Bærum, 11 March 2021 
 
The Board of Directors and CEO of Aker Horizons AS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Øyvind Eriksen 
Kjell Inge Røkke 
Martin Bech Holte 
Kristian Monsen Røkke 
Chair of the Board 
Board Member 
Board Member 
CEO

--- Page 110 ---
7 
 
 
CASH FLOW STATEMENT 
For the financial years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 
 
Amounts in NOK thousand 
Note 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Profit(loss) before tax 
  
  
(326,441) 
  
(14,330) 
  
(4,669) 
  
  
  
  
  
Adjustment for: 
  
  
  
  
Depreciation 
12 
            5,407                    -                    -  
Share of profit (loss) in  
equity-accounted investees 
19 
        124,789              5,633                    -  
Accrued interest and foreign exchange 
  
            1,730                    -                    -  
Lease interest payments 
12, 17              (877) 
                  -                    -  
Changes in current operating 
assets and liabilities 
11 
          95,822            13,502              8,560  
Paid tax 
  
                 (4) 
                  -                    -  
Cash flow from operating activities 
  
      (99,575)            4,806             3,892  
  
  
  
  
  
Payments for property, plant and equipment 
8 
        (2,910)                (96) 
                  -  
Payments for intangible assets 
9 
          (3,666) 
                  -                    -  
Payments for investment in equity-accounted 
investees 
19 
      (570,399)       (156,922) 
                  -  
Payments for investment in non-current 
financial assets 
  
                 -                 (18)         (31,300) 
Payments for interest-bearing receivables 
10  
        (17,542) 
                  -                    -  
Cash flow from investing activities 
  
    (594,517)     (157,036)       (31,300)

--- Page 111 ---
8 
 
Principal lease payments 
12, 17           (2,407) 
                  -                    -  
Proceeds borrowings, related parties 
17 
        832,000                    -                    -  
Capital increase from NCI 
  
        465,750                    -                    -  
Payments related to treasury shares 
  
             (558) 
                  -                    -  
Net contribution from parent 1 
  
        342,417          152,230            27,408  
Cash flow from financing activities 
  
   1,637,203        152,230          27,408  
Net cash flow 
  
      943,112  
                 -  
                 -  
  
  
  
  
  
Cash and cash equivalent at the 
beginning of the period 2 
  
                  -                    -                    -  
Cash and cash equivalent at the 
end of the period 
  
      943,112  
                 -  
                 -  
  
  
  
  
  
1 Net contribution from parent reflects carve-out allocations in the period that has not been paid by the Combined Group 
to, Aker Solutions ASA or Aker ASA and no payables have been established. And thereby these carve-out allocations have 
effectively been paid by Aker Solutions ASA and Aker ASA, as capital contribution. Reference is made to note 2 Basis for 
preparation in the carve-out combined financial statements for further description of carve-out adjustments 
2 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the periods were zero because there existed no legal combined entities at 
the beginning of the periods.

--- Page 112 ---
9 
 
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
For the financial years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 
 
Amounts in NOK thousand 
 Contributed 
equity and  
retained 
earnings  
 Currency 
translation 
reserve  
Total equity 
attributable 
to parent 
Non-
controlling 
interest 
Total equity 
  
 
 
 
 
Equity as of 1 January 2018 
            38,361                      -            38,361                      -            38,361  
  
 
 
 
 
2018 
 
 
 
 
 
Profit (loss) for the period 
            (4,669) 
                    -             (4,669) 
                    -             (4,669) 
Changes in parent’s investment 3 
            29,565                      -            29,565                      -            29,565  
Equity as of 31 December 2018 
          63,257                     -            63,257                     -            63,257  
  
 
 
 
 
2019 
 
 
 
 
 
Profit (loss) for the period 
          (14,330) 
                    -          (14,330) 
                    -          (14,330) 
Changes in parent’s investment 3 
          151,483                      -          151,483                      -          151,483  
Equity as of 31 December 2019 
        200,410  
                   -          200,410                     -          200,410

--- Page 113 ---
10 
 
Amounts in NOK thousand 
 Contributed 
equity and  
retained 
earnings  
 Currency 
translation 
reserve  
Total equity 
attributable 
to parent 
Non-
controlling 
interest 
Total equity 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2020 
 
 
 
 
 
Profit (loss) for the period 
        (277,672) 
                    -        (277,672)           (48,773)       (326,445) 
Other comprehensive income 
                    -            (22,998)         (22,998)             (8,662)         (31,660) 
Total other comprehensive income 
      (277,672)         (22,998)       (300,670)         (57,435)       (358,105) 
  
 
 
 
 
Increase equity 1 
      1,498,235                      -       1,498,235            570,643       2,068,878  
Continuity difference 2 
     (1,807,325) 
                    -     (1,807,325) 
                    -     (1,807,325) 
Loss sale of Treasury shares 
               (558) 
                    -                (558) 
                    -                (558) 
Changes in parent's investment 3 
          216,059                      -          216,059                      -          216,059  
Equity as of 31 December 2020 4 
      (170,850)         (22,998)       (193,848)         513,209          319,360  
1 Relates to (share) capital contributions-in-kind and in cash to Aker Horizons Holding AS, Aker Offshore Wind AS (AOW) and Aker Carbon Capture AS 
(ACC) during 2020. This related to the transfer of businesses to these companies and the distribution of, and the private placement of shares in AOW and 
ACC.    
 
2 As the Combined Group’s acquisition of the Aker Horizons business is considered a common control transaction in these carve-out combined financial 
statements, the differences between estimated fair values and book values are reflected as a continuity difference element included in equity. 
 
3 Carve-out adjustments recognized during the period reflect contributions from Aker Solutions ASA and Aker ASA to the Aker Horizons Combined Group 
which are not settled and do not generate intercompany positions between the companies. These positions are recognized in equity as contributions to 
and from the parent and are presented as changes in parent’s investment. See note 2 Basis of preparation for further information about carve-out 
adjustments. 
 
4 Total equity is based on the carve-out combined equity per the balance sheet date 31 December 2020 for Aker Horizons Holding Group, as Aker Horizons 
Holding AS was constituting the legal parent entity for the combined Aker Horizons Group per this date, and increased with for the equity elements related 
to Aker Horizons AS and the investment in REC Silicon ASA, as these entities were not part of the legal Aker Horizons Group structure per the balance 
sheet date 31 December 2020.

--- Page 114 ---
11 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
1 REPORTING ENTITY 
Aker Horizons AS, previously named AH TI AS, (the Company) was incorporated on 1 
November 2020 and became the parent of the Combined Group through an internal 
reorganization in January 2021. The Company’s wholly owned subsidiary Aker Horizons 
Holding AS was incorporated on 1 June 2020 as the principal platform for Aker ASA’s 
renewable and green technology investments.  
Aker Horizons AS is a limited liability company incorporated and domiciled in Norway whose 
shares are traded on Euronext Growth (Oslo). The registered office is located at Oksenøyveien 
8, Bærum, Norway. The largest shareholder is Aker Capital AS and the ultimate parent 
company is The Resource Group TRG AS. 
Aker Horizons AS invests and actively manages its ownership interests in various portfolio 
companies. Its portfolio companies include a Norwegian offshore wind developer with 
operations in Norway and internationally and a global provider of products, technology and 
solutions within the field of carbon capture, utilization and storage. 
Aker Horizons AS is a subsidiary of Aker ASA. On 1 February 2021, the Company was made 
available for trading on Euronext Growth (Oslo) under the ticker AKH. 
Information on the Combined Group’s structure is provided in note 10 Interest in other 
entities. Information on the Combined Group's other related party relationships is provided in 
note 20 Related parties. 
These carve-out combined financial statements were authorized by the Board of Directors on 
11 March 2021. 
 
2 BASIS OF ACCOUNTING 
Statement of Compliance 
These special purpose carve-out combined financial statements have been prepared in 
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International 
Accounting Standards Board as adopted by the European Union (IFRS) for the periods 
presented and the carve-out and combination basis as described below. 
IFRS 10 requires the parent company, Aker Horizons AS, to control its subsidiaries at the end 
of the reporting period in order to prepare consolidated financial statements. Aker Horizons 
AS did not obtain such control until January 2021. Therefore, IFRS 10 has not been applied 
for the carve-out combined financial statements. IFRS provides no guidance for the 
preparation of carve-out combined financial statements. Following IAS 8.12 and industry 
practice, the predecessor accounting approach has been applied in the carve-out financial 
statements of the Aker Horizons Group. The carve-out combined financial statements of Aker 
Horizons Group reflect the Aker Horizons business included in the IFRS consolidated financial

--- Page 115 ---
12 
 
statement of Aker ASA Group. Aker Horizons Group applies the same accounting policies and 
measurement principles in preparing the carve-out financial statements as used by the Aker 
ASA Group. 
 
Background and Formation for The Carve-Out Combined Financial Statements 
Aker Horizons AS became the parent of the Aker Horizons Group in January 2021 through 
various internal transactions whereby Aker Capital AS, a subsidiary of Aker ASA, transferred 
all its shares in Aker Horizons Holding AS, and thereby Aker Carbon Capture AS (ACC) and 
Aker Offshore Wind AS (AOW) and REC Silicon ASA to Aker Horizons AS.  
Prior to 31 July 2020, the activities of Aker Carbon Capture AS (ACC) and Aker Offshore Wind 
AS (AOW) were part of Aker Solutions Group, a subsidiary of Aker ASA Group. Subsequently, 
they were carved-out into the separate legal entities ACC and AOW and distributed as 
dividends in kind to the shareholders of Aker Solutions ASA. In 2020 these two separate 
entities where admitted to trading on Euronext Growth (Oslo) in connection with a private 
placement of new shares in each of the companies. The private placements were directed 
towards Aker Horizons Holding AS and new investors. The activities of ACC and AOW were 
not organized in separate legal entities in Aker Solutions Group before they were carved-out. 
The Company believes that the preparation of carve-out combined financial statements are 
useful to financial statement users in assessing the historical results of the Aker Horizons 
business. While the preparation of carve-out combined financial statements may produce 
similar results as if the Aker Horizons business had been consolidated for all periods 
presented, IFRS does not explicitly provide for the preparation of carve-out combined 
financial statements. Thus, the historical results of operations, financial position, and cash 
flows of the Aker Horizons Group may not be indicative of what they would have been had 
the carve-out combined Aker Horizons Group been a separate independent stand-alone 
group. The historical results as described above may not be indicative of what the Group's 
results of operations, financial position and cash flows may be in the future.   
The reorganization of ownership interests, assets and liabilities under common control is 
outside the scope of IFRS 3 Business Combinations. Since IFRS as adopted by EU does not 
provide specific guidance, accounting policies have been established by the Group to 
account for such transactions at their historical carrying amounts recognized in Aker ASA 
Group, as if the internal reorganization occurred at the beginning of the earliest period 
presented. 
The Combined Group consists of ownership interests, assets and liabilities that have 
historically been under common control of Aker ASA for all periods presented.   
The Group’s carve-out combined financial statements have been prepared on the basis of 
historical cost.

--- Page 116 ---
13 
 
Accounting Principles  
Basis of Preparation of Carve-Out Combined Financial Statements 
In connection with Aker Horizons AS’s application for listing of its shares on the Oslo Stock 
Exchange (Oslo Børs), carve-out combined financial statements for the Aker Horizons 
business are prepared as at and for the year ended 31 December 2020, including carve-out 
combined comparative financial information as at and for the years ended 31 December 2019 
and 2018.  
The carve-out combined financial statements have been prepared on a basis that combines 
the historical results and carrying amounts of assets and liabilities of the Aker Horizons’ 
business as at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, as presented in Aker ASA's consolidated 
financial statements.  
When preparing the carve-out combined financial statements carrying values at the highest 
level of common control have been applied. 
The Aker Horizons business, except for the associate REC Silicon ASA, has been under 
common control of Aker ASA for the periods covered by these carve-out combined financial 
statements, and will be per the date of the application for listing in 2021. The shares in the 
associate REC Silicon ASA were acquired by Aker ASA Group at the end of 2019 and have 
been included in the carve-out combined financial statements from that point in time. The 
listing requires the preparation of a prospectus, and the carve-out combined financial 
statements have been prepared for the purpose of inclusion herein and to provide historical 
financial information about the Aker Horizons business for the investors. The combined 
financial statements of the Aker Horizons business have been prepared in accordance with 
IFRS as adopted by the EU and principles consistent with the historical consolidated financial 
statements of Aker ASA. As the Group’s acquisition of the Aker Horizons business is 
considered a common control transaction in these carve-out combined financial statements, 
the differences between fair values and book values are reflected as a continuity difference 
element included in equity.  
The Internal Reorganization transaction, as described in the prospectus, was completed after 
the reporting date as at 31 December 2020 and are thus not included in these carve-out 
combined financial statements. Consequently, the new Aker Horizons Group with Aker 
Horizons AS as parent was not established at the reporting date of 31 December 2020. 
Consequently, it is not meaningful to show share capital (or an analysis of other reserves) for 
the carved-out combined entity for the reporting periods presented. 
The ‘Parent company investments’ as at 1 January 2018 is equal to carrying values at this date 
of the carve-out combined net assets contributed by Aker ASA to the Combined Group. 
Change in parent investments for the periods presented includes ‘Net loss for the period’, 
‘Other comprehensive income’, and the impact of capital transactions received from the Aker 
ASA Group and Non-controlling interests.

--- Page 117 ---
14 
 
The share of the profit or loss after tax attributable to non-controlling interests is presented 
on a separate line in the combined income statement and other comprehensive income. 
Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented within total invested capital separately 
from the Parent company investments. ‘Non-controlling interests’ consist of the 
proportionate share of net identifiable assets at the date of the investment from the Non-
controlling interests and illustrates the ‘Non-controlling interests’ share of changes in 
invested capital for the relevant reporting periods.  
For these carve-out combined financial statements, Non-controlling interests represent 
shares on ACC and AOW that have not been controlled by Aker ASA Group subsequent to 
the distribution of the shares in ACC and AOW as dividends to shareholders of Aker Solutions 
ASA and the private placement of shares in ACC and AOW in July 2020. No non-controlling 
interests have been presented for the periods before the private placement of shares in ACC 
and AOW in July 2020. Non-controlling interests include some shares that Aker Solutions ASA 
purchased in the private placement of shares in ACC and AOW, after the dividend distribution 
of shares. Aker Solutions ASA was no longer a subsidiary of the Aker ASA Group from 
December 2020, and these shares have not been transferred to Aker Horizons AS in 2021. 
All transactions and balances between operations included in the carved out combined 
financial statements are eliminated.  
The carve-out combined financial statements have been prepared on the assumption that the 
Combined Group is a going concern. 
 
Basis for Allocation  
The carve-out combined financial statements reflect assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses 
historically recognized within the Aker Horizons’ businesses. Except for the investments in 
equity-accounted investees, all figures presented in the carve-out combined financial 
statements from the period up until the legal entities were established, are according to what 
has been recorded on ACC and AOW profit centers in Aker Solutions ASA. One additional 
allocation has been made to cover various management and group functions, including HR, 
accounting, IT, treasury etc., as such costs are not reflected in the profit centers. These fees 
have been calculated based on the salary of certain key management personnel employed in 
Aker Horizons AS per today. Fees have been allocated to the Combined Group entities ACC 
and AOW based on their relative size within the Combined Group, taking into account both 
revenue and FTE metrics. This is according to the allocation method applied in Aker Horizons 
Group after the Group was formally established, and it is aligned with the allocation 
principles applied in Aker ASA Group. These allocated costs are presented as Other operating 
expenses in the Income statement of the carve-out combined financial statements. Up until 
the combined legal entities were established, they had no own debt financing or cash 
positions, and consequently no interest expenses or income. All carve-out combined 
financing until the combined legal entities were established has been in form of equity 
contributions from parent.

--- Page 118 ---
15 
 
However, the carve-out combined financial position, results of operations and cash flows of 
the Aker Horizons business may differ from those that would have been achieved had the 
Aker Horizons Group operated as an autonomous entity for all periods presented, as the Aker 
Horizons business may have had, for example, additional administrative expenses, including 
legal, accounting, treasury and regulatory compliance and other costs normally incurred by 
an autonomous entity. It may also be expected increased costs for being a listed entity.   
Pro forma earnings per share information has been presented reflecting the expected 
number of shares of Aker Horizons AS at the date of the listing on the Oslo Stock Exchange 
in 2021. In 2021, and at the date of listing, Aker Horizons AS also has a convertible loan which 
may have a dilutive effect. As this has not been outstanding in the periods covered by the 
carved-out combined financial statements it has not been included in the calculation of pro-
forma diluted earnings per share. 
Income tax for the carve-out combined financial statement periods have been based on the 
expected tax charges that would have been reported had Aker Horizons been an 
independent group. As no net taxable income has been reported throughout the years 
presented, and no deferred tax assets have been recognized as uncertainty for future taxable 
income exists, no income tax has been recognized for the periods presented. This assumption 
is not necessarily representative of the tax charges that would have been reported had Aker 
Horizons been an independent group, and may not be representative of the income tax 
charges that may arise in the future. 
Amounts are presented in Norwegian Kroner (NOK), which is Aker Horizons AS’s functional 
currency, and all values are rounded to the nearest thousands, except where otherwise 
indicated. The subtotals and totals in some of the tables in these carve-out combined 
financial statements may not equal the sum of the amounts shown due to rounding. When 
the functional currency in a reporting unit is changed, the effect of the change is accounted 
for prospectively. 
 
Basis of Measurement 
The carve-out combined financial statements are based on the historical cost principle.  
 
Cash Flow Statement 
The statement of cash flow is prepared according to the indirect method. Cash and cash 
equivalents include cash, bank deposits and other short-term liquid investments. Cash and 
cash equivalents at the beginning of the periods presented were zero because there existed 
no legal combined entities at the beginning of the periods.

--- Page 119 ---
16 
 
Standards Issued but Not Yet Effective 
A number of new standards are effective for annual periods beginning after 1 January 2020 
and earlier application is permitted; however, the Group has not early adopted the new or 
amended standards in preparing these carve-out combined financial statements and they are 
not expected to have a significant impact on the Group’s carve-out combined financial 
statements. 
 
Judgments and Estimates 
Preparing financial statements in accordance with IFRS requires the use of estimates. 
Furthermore, applying the Group's accounting policies requires the management team to use 
its judgment. Areas that involve a high degree of estimation and a high degree of complexity, 
or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant for the carve-out combined 
financial statements, are described in this note.  
Estimates made for the preparation of these carve-out combined financial statements are 
consistent with estimates made for the same dates in accordance with the preparation of the 
annual financial statements for the Aker ASA Group, of which the Aker Horizons business was 
a part. Accounting policies relevant for the preparation of these carve-out combined financial 
statements are also consistent with those of Aker ASA Group. 
Any information after 1 January 2019 about estimates that Aker ASA Group had made in 
relation to the assets and liabilities of the Aker Horizons business are treated in the same way 
as non-adjusting events after the reporting period in accordance with IAS 10 Events after the 
Reporting Period. Management is however not aware of any significant new information. 
The main areas where judgements and estimates have been made are described in each of 
the following notes: 
x 
Note 12 Leases 
x 
Note 19 Equity-accounted investees 
 
3 REVENUES 
Aker Horizons' revenue is generated from its segments in Aker Offshore Wind (AOW) and 
Aker Carbon Capture (ACC). 
 
Aker Offshore Wind (AOW) 
The revenue in the Group's Aker Offshore Wind segment relates to delivery of services for 
development projects within the offshore wind industry, primarily in deep waters utilizing 
floating foundations as well as deep-water bottom-fixed technologies. 
Early parts of the development process include concept studies, environmental studies, wind 
studies and grid studies. Subject to the positive outcome of such studies and business case

--- Page 120 ---
17 
 
assessments, AOW advances to discussions and formal processes concerning licensing and 
lease agreements with appropriate authorities, often in the form of local, regional or national 
government bodies. Final investment decision (“FID”) is eventually undertaken when AOW, 
together with its partners, deems the project in question attractive for development. 
Following FID and financial close, the project moves into the execution and construction 
phase. Revenue is recognized over time using a cost progress method or according to 
delivered time and materials. 
 
Aker Carbon Capture (ACC) 
The revenue in Group's Aker Carbon Capture segment relates to delivery of technology, 
engineering, procurement and construction services within the carbon capture, storage and 
utilization (“CCUS”) value chain. The segment mainly operates as a supplier focusing on 
supplying the solutions and technology which together comprise a carbon capture plant and 
the downstream processing and management of CO2 (including capture, compression, 
liquefication and intermediate storage at site). Project execution is a key component of all 
deliveries.   
Key services delivered by the Aker Carbon Capture segment include technology 
development, feasibility studies, project management, engineering, procurement and 
construction/fabrication services, as well as assistance with operations and aftermarket 
services post construction. Revenue is recognized over time using a cost progress method or 
according to delivered time and materials. 
 
Financial Reporting Principles 
Nature of Performance Obligations, Including Significant Payment Terms 
Under construction contracts, specialized products are built to a customer's specifications 
and the assets have no alternative use to the Group. If a construction contract is terminated 
by the customer, the Group has an enforceable right to payment for the work completed to 
date. The contracts usually establish a milestone payment schedule. The Group has assessed 
that these performance obligations are satisfied over time. Each contract is usually assessed 
as one performance obligation as the deliveries are combined in one output. Payment terms 
are normally 30-90 days according to predefined milestones, or as time and materials has 
been delivered.  
Service revenue is generated from rendering of services to customers. The invoicing is usually 
based on the service provided at regular basis. Under some service contracts, the invoices are 
based on hours or days performed at agreed rates. The Group has assessed that these 
performance obligations are satisfied over time.

--- Page 121 ---
18 
 
Significant Revenue Recognition Policies 
Revenue from the construction performance obligations is recognized according to progress. 
The progress is measured using an input method that best depicts the Group's performance. 
The input method used to measure progress is determined by reference to the costs incurred 
to date relative to the total estimated contract costs. Revenue in excess of costs is not 
recognized until the outcome of the performance obligation can be measured reliably. 
Variable considerations, such as incentive bonus or penalties, are included in construction 
revenue when it is highly probable that a significant revenue reversal will not occur. Potential 
penalty for liquidated damages is recognized as a reduction of the transaction price unless it 
is highly probable that it will not be incurred. Disputed amounts and claims are only 
recognized when negotiations have reached an advanced stage, customer acceptance is 
highly likely, and the amounts can be measured reliably. Contract modifications, usually in 
form of variation orders, are only accounted for when they are approved by the customers.  
Service revenue is recognized over time as the services are provided. The revenue is 
recognized according to progress or using the invoiced amounts when the invoiced amounts 
directly correspond with the value of the services that are transferred to the customers. The 
progress is normally measured using an input method, by the reference of costs incurred to 
date relative to the total estimated costs. 
 
Types of Contracts 
In 2020, revenues were services revenues related to various studies. During the first quarter of 
2021, the Group will start up the project related to the EPC-delivery to Norcem Heidelberg 
Cement (Brevik CCS project) of a complete plant for capture, intermittent storage and 
offloading of CO2, with integrated waste-heat recovery. The plant is scheduled to be in 
operation in 2024. 
 
Disaggregation of Revenue from Contracts with Customers 
All revenues for the year ended 2020, 2019 and 2018 were service revenues. 
 
Timing of revenue 
The performance obligations in customer contracts vary from a few months to as long as five 
years. The order backlog as of 31 December 2020 was NOK 1.7 billion, mainly consisting of 
the Brevik CCS project. Official commencement date for this contract is 27 January 2021. The 
revenue is expected to be recognized over the years 2021 to 2024.

--- Page 122 ---
19 
 
Contract Balances 
The Group has recognized the following assets and liabilities related to contracts with 
customers: 
Amounts in NOK thousand 
Note 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Trade receivables 
11 
              7,823                2,950                7,328  
Customer contract assets 
11 
                 191                       -                       -  
Customer contract liabilities 
11 
              1,395                       -                       -  
 
Customer contract assets relate to consideration for work completed, but not yet invoiced at 
the reporting date. The contract assets are transferred to trade receivables when the right to 
payment become unconditional, which usually occurs when invoices are issued to the 
customers. Customer contract liabilities relate to advances from customer for work not yet 
performed. 
 
4 OPERATING SEGMENTS 
Aker Horizons invests and actively manages its ownership interests in several renewables and 
green technology companies. The Group focuses on investments within renewable energy 
and decarbonization, circular economy and disruptive technologies. The current investment 
portfolio secures established positions in verticals such as carbon capture and offshore wind. 
 
Financial Reporting Principles 
Operating segments are components of the Group regularly reviewed by the chief operating 
decision maker to assess performance and be able to allocate resources. The Group's CEO 
(Chief Executive Officer) is the chief decision maker at Aker Horizons. Transactions between 
the segments are eliminated upon consolidation. 
 
Aker Offshore Wind (AOW) 
The revenue in the Group's Aker Offshore Wind segment relate to delivery of services related 
to development projects within the offshore wind industry. The Aker Offshore Wind segment 
is engaged in the development of offshore wind projects, primarily in deep waters utilizing 
floating foundations but also deep-water bottom-fixed technologies. 
 
Aker Carbon Capture (ACC) 
The Aker Carbon Capture segment offers products, technology and solutions within the field 
of carbon capture, utilization and storage (“CCUS”). The segment mainly operates as a 
supplier within the CCUS value chain, with a core focus on supplying the solutions and

--- Page 123 ---
20 
 
technology which together comprise a carbon capture plant and the downstream processing 
and management of CO2. These solutions and services are provided to plant owners and 
operators across various industries, including energy production.  
 
Other 
The Other segment includes unallocated corporate costs and management services. The 
Other segment also includes the share of profit (loss) in the equity-accounted investee REC 
Silicon ASA (REC).

--- Page 124 ---
21 
 
Segment Performance 2020 
 
Aker Offshore 
Aker Carbon 
Total operating  
 
Intra-group  
 
Amounts in NOK thousand 
Wind 
Capture 
segments 
Other 
elimination 
Total 
Income statement 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Revenues 
                  1,705                  23,739                  25,444             13,514           (12,366)            26,592  
Total revenue 
                1,705                23,739                25,444           13,514         (12,366)          26,592  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Operating income before depreciation, 
amortization and impairment 
              (76,739)               (51,862)             (128,601)          (62,170)              1,221         (189,551) 
Depreciation and amortization 
                (1,601)                 (1,881)                 (3,482)                 (49)            (1,876)            (5,407) 
Impairment 
                       -                           -                           -                      -                      -                      -    
Operating profit (loss) 
            (78,340)             (53,743)           (132,083)        (62,219)             (655)      (194,958) 
Share of profit (loss) equity-accounted 
investees 
              (17,658)  
              (17,658)        (107,131)  
       (124,789) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Assets and liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Property, plant and equipment 
                       -                      2,610                    2,610                  537                    -                 3,147  
Intangible assets 
                       -                      3,792                    3,792                    -                        9               3,801  
Right-of-use assets 
                11,228                  13,184                  24,412                    -               13,152             37,564  
Current operating assets 
                10,385                    7,196                  17,582               3,764             (3,762)            17,584  
Operating assets 
              21,613                26,782                48,395             4,301             9,400           62,095  
Current operating assets 
                10,385                    7,196                  17,582               3,764             (3,762)            17,584  
Current operating liabilities 
                39,891                  15,592                  55,483             49,651             (3,762)          101,372  
Net current operating assets 
            (29,506)               (8,395)             (37,901)        (45,887)                   -           (83,788) 
Equity accounted investees 
              364,281                         -                  364,281           255,973                    -             620,254

--- Page 125 ---
22 
 
Segment Performance 2019 
 
 
Aker Offshore 
Aker Carbon 
Total operating  
 
Intra-group  
 
Amounts in NOK thousand 
Wind 
Capture 
segments 
Other 
elimination 
Total 
Income statement 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Revenues 
                       -                    42,529                  42,529                    -                      -               42,529  
Total revenue 
                       -                  42,529                42,529                    -                      -             42,529  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Operating income before depreciation, 
amortization and impairment 
                       -                    (8,696)                 (8,696)                   -                      -               (8,696) 
Depreciation and amortization 
                       -                           -                           -                      -                      -                      -    
Impairment 
                       -                           -                           -                      -                      -                      -    
Operating profit (loss) 
                       -                  (8,696)               (8,696)                   -                      -             (8,696) 
Share of profit (loss) equity-accounted 
investees 
                (5,633)                        -                    (5,633)                   -                      -               (5,633) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Assets and liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Property, plant and equipment 
                       -                           96                         96                    -                      -                      96  
Intangible assets 
                       -                           -                           -                      -                      -                      -    
Right-of-use assets 
                       -                           -                           -                      -                      -                      -    
Current operating assets 
                       -                      3,539                    3,539                    -                      -                 3,539  
Operating assets 
                       -                    3,635                  3,635                    -                      -               3,635  
Current operating assets 
                       -                      3,539                    3,539                    -                      -                 3,539  
Current operating liabilities 
                       -                    18,332                  18,332                    -                      -               18,332  
Net current operating assets 
                       -                (14,792)             (14,792)                   -                      -           (14,792) 
Equity accounted investees 
              129,830                         -                  129,830             85,259                    -             215,089

--- Page 126 ---
23 
 
Segment Performance 2018 
 
 
Aker Offshore 
Aker Carbon 
Total operating  
 
Intra-group  
 
Amounts in NOK thousand 
Wind 
Capture 
segments 
Other 
elimination 
Total 
Income statement 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Revenues 
                       -                    17,777                  17,777                    -                      -               17,777  
Total revenue 
                       -                  17,777                17,777                    -                      -             17,777  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Operating income before depreciation, 
amortization and impairment 
                       -                    (4,669)                 (4,669)                   -                      -               (4,669) 
Depreciation and amortization 
                       -                           -                           -                      -                      -                      -    
Impairment 
                       -                           -                           -                      -                      -                      -    
Operating profit (loss) 
                       -                  (4,669)               (4,669)                   -                      -             (4,669) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Assets and liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Property, plant and equipment 
                       -                           -                           -                      -                      -                      -    
Intangible assets 
                       -                           -                           -                      -                      -                      -    
Right-of-use assets 
                       -                           -                           -                      -                      -                      -    
Current operating assets 
                       -                      8,368                    8,368                    -                      -                 8,368  
Operating assets 
                       -                    8,368                  8,368                    -                      -               8,368  
Current operating assets 
                       -                      8,368                    8,368                    -                      -                 8,368  
Current operating liabilities 
                       -                      8,911                    8,911                    -                      -                 8,911  
Net current operating assets 
                       -                     (543)                  (543)                   -                      -                (543)

--- Page 127 ---
24 
 
Reconciliation of Information on Operating Segments to IFRS Measures 
 
Amounts in NOK thousand 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Assets 
 
 
 
Total operating segment assets 
                62,095                    3,635                    8,368  
Equity accounted investees 
              620,254                215,089                         -    
Financial investments 
                       -                           18                  63,800  
Interest bearing receivables 
                24,867                         -                           -    
Cash and cash equivalents 
              943,112                         -                           -    
Total assets 
        1,650,328              218,742                72,168  
 
 
 
 
Liabilities 
  
  
  
Total operating segment liabilities 
              101,372                  18,332                    8,911  
Non-current borrowings, related party 
           1,000,000                         -                           -    
Non-current lease liabilities 
                28,451                         -                           -    
Pension liabilities 
                  5,430                         -                           -    
Current borrowings, related party 
              183,650                         -                           -    
Current lease liabilities 
                12,064                         -                           -    
Total liabilities 
        1,330,968                18,332                  8,911  
 
Major customer 
The Group has a contract in place for carbon capture and storage services with one major 
customer. Total revenues from the customer were NOK 16.9 million in 2020 (2019: NOK 37.9 
million, 2018: NOK 16.7 million) related to the Aker Carbon Capture segment. 
 
Geographical information 
External revenue is presented on the basis of geographical location of the selling company. 
Non-current segment assets and capital expenditures are based on the geographical location 
of the Company owning the assets. 
 
Revenue by geography 
 
Amounts in NOK thousand 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Norway 
 24,887  
 33,126  
 14,172  
Korea 
 1,705  
 -  
 -  
Netherlands 
 -  
 9,402  
 3,605  
Total revenue 
              26,592                42,529                17,777

--- Page 128 ---
25 
 
 
Non-current assets by geography 
Amounts in NOK thousand 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Norway 
              300,485                  85,354  
                       -  
USA 
              364,281                129,848                  63,800  
Total non-current assets 
            664,766              215,203                63,800  
 
5 EXPENSES 
Expenses by Nature 
Amounts in NOK thousand 
2020 
2019 
2018 
IT services 
 5,985  
 25  
 -  
External consultants and hired-ins 
inclusive audit fees 
 134,580  
 5,839  
5,107  
Government grants 
 (20,680) 
 (5,325) 
 (4,886)  
Selling, general and administration 
expenses1 
 5,005  
 4,810  
 4,810  
Other operating expenses 
 8,372  
 867  
 485  
  
 
 
Total other operating expenses 
      133,261             6,216             5,535  
 
1) 
Allocated costs as described in note 2 
 
Other operating expenses increased significantly from 2019 to 2020 primarily due to 
the establishment of certain corporate functions for the combined entities in 
connection with the admittance to trading on Euronext Growth (Oslo), a private 
placement of new shares in Aker Carbon Capture AS (ACC) and Aker Offshore Wind 
AS (AOW), including increased costs related to the preparation for the Combined 
Group's listing on the Oslo Stock Exchange, planned M&A expansion and increased 
operations. 
 
6 TAX 
Financial Reporting Principles 
Income tax in the income statement consists of current tax, effect of change in deferred tax 
positions and withholding tax. Income tax is recognized in the income statement except to 
the extent that it relates to items recognized directly in equity or in other comprehensive 
income. 
Current Tax 
Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the 
year, using tax rates enacted or substantially enacted at the reporting date that will be paid

--- Page 129 ---
26 
 
during the next 12 months. Current tax also includes any adjustment of taxes from previous 
years and taxes on dividends recognized in the year. 
Deferred Tax 
Deferred tax is recognized for temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets 
and liabilities for financial reporting and the amounts used for taxation purposes. Deferred 
tax is measured at the tax rates expected to be applied to temporary differences when they 
reverse, based on the laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting 
date. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset if there is a legally enforceable right to 
offset current tax liabilities and assets, and they relate to income taxes levied by the same tax 
authority. Deferred tax assets are recognized for unused tax losses, tax credits and deductible 
temporary differences. The deferred tax asset is only recognized to the extent it is considered 
probable that future taxable profits will be available to utilize the credits. 
 
Judgements and Estimates 
Income tax for the carve-out combined financial statement periods was based on the 
expected tax charges that would have been reported had Aker Horizons been an 
independent group. As no net taxable income has been reported throughout the years 
presented, and no deferred tax assets have been recognized as uncertainty for future taxable 
income exists, no income tax has been recognized for the periods presented. This assumption 
is not necessarily representative of the tax charges that would have been reported had Aker 
Horizons been an independent group, and do not representative of the income tax charges 
that may arise in the future. 
 
Effective Tax Reconciliation 
Amounts in NOK thousand 
2020 
2019 
2018 
  
 
 
Profit (loss) before tax 
          (326,445)             (14,330)               (4,669) 
Expected tax expense 
              71,818                  3,153                  1,027  
 
 
 
 
Tax effects of: 
 
 
 
Permanent differences 
            (39,661)               (3,153)               (1,027) 
Limitation of interest tax deductions 
                   518  
                     -  
                     -  
Difference due to continuity method 1 
                6,534  
                     -  
                     -  
Recognized in other comprehensive income 
                   123  
                     -  
                     -  
No recognition of deferred tax assets 
            (39,300) 
                     -  
                     -  
Effect of tax rate different than 22% 
                   (30) 
                     -  
                     -  
Witholding tax 
                     (4) 
                     -  
                     -  
Total tax expense (income) 
                    (4) 
                     -  
                     -  
1) The acquisition of business from Aker Solutions in July 2020 is recognized at fair values for tax purposes.

--- Page 130 ---
27 
 
 
Deferred Tax Positions 
Amounts in NOK thousand 
2020 
Property, plant and equipment 
                 (484) 
Intangible assets 
              (4,423) 
Deferred interest tax deductions 
518  
Tax loss carry forwards 
            107,935  
Total deferred tax positions 
           103,547  
Not recognized in the balance sheet 1 
          (103,547) 
Deferred tax asset (liability) 
                     -  
1) The acquisition of business from Aker Solutions in July 2020 is recognized at fair values for tax purposes giving rise to 
deferred tax positions. The deductible temporary differences relate to the acquisition of business of Aker Carbon Capture and 
Aker Offshore Wind 
 
7 PRO FORMA EARNINGS PER SHARE 
The denominator in the calculation of pro forma basic EPS for each period presented is the 
number of shares issued at the effective date of the prospectus that includes these carve-out 
combined financial statements.  
The calculation of pro forma diluted EPS takes into account the dilutive effects of the carved-
out combined reporting entity’s options and convertible instruments from the date on which 
they are granted; however, the calculation does not consider any dilutive impact arising at 
the level of the larger (parent) group. In 2021, and at the date of listing, Aker Horizons AS has 
a convertible loan which may have a dilutive effect. As this has not been outstanding in the 
periods covered by the carved-out combined financial statements it has not been included in 
the calculation of pro forma diluted earnings per share. Consequently, pro forma diluted 
earnings per share is the same as pro forma basic earnings per share for the periods 
presented. 
The presented pro forma EPS data is considered pro forma and should not be viewed as 
historical information. 
Pro forma basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing: 
• 
the profit (loss) attributable to owners of the parent company by the number of 
ordinary shares outstanding per the prospectus date. 
 
Pro forma Basic Earnings Per Share 
(Amounts in NOK per share, except number of shares) 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Total pro forma basic earnings per share 
attributable to equity holders of parent company 
(0.48) 
(0.02) 
(0.08)

--- Page 131 ---
28 
 
Total number of outstanding shares 
580,750,658 
580,750,658 
580,750,658 
8 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT  
Property, plant and equipment consists of the Mobile Test Unit (MTU) for carbon capture 
which has been classified as machinery.  
 
Financial Reporting Principles  
Property, plant and equipment (PPE) are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and 
impairment losses. Components of property, plant and equipment with different useful lives 
are accounted for separately. Assets are normally depreciated on a straight-line basis over 
their expected economic lives as follows: 
x 
Machinery: 8 years 
Impairment triggers are assessed quarterly, and impairment testing is performed when 
triggers have been identified. Borrowing costs are capitalized as part of the cost of the asset 
when significant. The cost of self-constructed assets includes the cost of materials, direct 
labor, production overheads and borrowing cost. 
Judgments and Estimates 
Judgment is involved when determining the depreciation period and when assessing 
impairment or reversal of impairment. Impairment is assessed for individual assets and for 
cash generating units. The impairment testing involves judgmental assumptions about future 
market development, cashflows, determination of weighted average cost of capital (WACC), 
growth rate and other assumptions that may change over time.

--- Page 132 ---
29 
 
Amounts in NOK thousand 
Machinery 
  
 
Historical cost 
Balance as of 1 January 2019 
- 
Additions 
96 
Balance as of 31 December 2019 
96 
Additions 
3,051 
  
Balance as of 31 December 2020 
3,147 
  
  
Accumulated depreciation 
 
Balance as of 1 January 2019 
- 
Depreciation for the period 1 
- 
  
Balance as of 31 December 2019 
- 
Depreciation for the period 1 
- 
  
Balance as of 31 December 2020 
- 
  
Book value as of 31 December 2019 
96 
Book value as of 31 December 2020 
3,147 
  
1) The additions relate to on-going upgrades and no depreciation has been recognized in 
the period. 
As of 31 December 2020, the Group has not entered any contractual commitments for the 
acquisition of property, plant and equipment.

--- Page 133 ---
30 
 
9 INTANGIBLE ASSETS  
Intangible assets relate to development costs capitalized for the Company’s “Just Catch” 
carbon capture technology. 
 
Financial Reporting Principles  
Capitalized Development 
Development cost is only capitalized if the product or process is technically and commercially 
feasible and the business case shows a positive net present value. Capitalized development 
mainly includes internal labor costs in addition to materials for the development program. 
Any third-party funding is presented as a reduction of the capitalized amount. The capitalized 
development is normally amortized over five years on a straight-line basis, but certain 
programs with a clear differentiating offering and a longer economic benefit may be 
amortized up to seven years. For development projects in progress, a full impairment test is 
performed annually or when impairment indicators are identified. Assets are written down to 
recoverable amount, if lower than book value. 
External Funding of Research and Development Activities 
Research and development activities carried out by the Group may qualify for funding i.e. 
from government institutions. Such funding is recognized when there is a reasonable 
assurance that the entity will comply with the relevant conditions and the funding will be 
received.  The funding is be recognized in profit or loss on a systematic basis as the entity 
recognizes the expenses they are intended to compensate and is reporting as a reduction of 
these expenses. If the research and development activities that are carried out qualifies to be 
recognized in the balance sheet, then the funding is reported as reduction of the capitalized 
amount. 
Judgments and Estimates 
The value in use of some of these assets can be significantly impacted by changes of market 
conditions. The Group considers whether there are indications of impairment on the carrying 
amounts of such non-current assets. If such indications exist, an impairment test is performed 
to assess whether the assets should be impaired. The valuations, often determined by value 
in use calculations, will often be performed based on estimates of future cash flows 
discounted by an appropriate discount rate. Significant estimates and judgments are made 
by the management, including determining appropriated cash-generating units and discount 
rate, projections for future cash flows and assumptions of future market conditions.

--- Page 134 ---
31 
 
  
 Capitalized  
Amounts in NOK thousand 
development 
  
 
Historical cost 
Balance as of 1 January 2020 
- 
Additions from internal development 
3,792 
  
Balance as of 31 December 2020 
3,792 
  
 
 
Accumulated depreciation 
 
Balance as of 1 January 2020 
- 
Amortization for the period 1 
- 
  
Balance as of 31 December 2020 
- 
  
Book value as of 31 December 2020 
3,792 
  
  
1) The assets are under construction and no amortization has been recognized in the 
period. 
Research and Development Costs 
NOK 3.792 million has been capitalized in 2020 related to development activities. In addition, 
research and development costs were expensed during the year because the criteria for 
capitalization are not met. Further, the Group has received external funding of research and 
development costs that has been recognized as a reduction of costs in the income statement. 
 
Amounts in NOK thousand 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Capitalized research and development costs 
3,792 
- 
- 
Expensed research and development costs 
26,044 
10,960 
5,397 
External funding of research and 
development costs 
(20,680) 
(5,325) 
(4,866) 
 
10 INTEREST-BEARING RECEIVABLES 
Financial reporting principles 
Interest-bearing receivables are generally classified as financial assets measured at amortized 
costs. Such financial assets are recognized initially at fair value and subsequent measurement 
at amortized cost using the effective interest method, less any impairment losses.

--- Page 135 ---
32 
 
Amounts in NOK thousand 
2020 
2019 
2018 
  
Receivable on equity-accounted investees 1 
24,867 
- 
- 
Total 
24,867 
- 
- 
  
 
 
1) See note 19 Equity-accounted investees for additional details 
 
11 CURRENT OPERATING ASSETS AND LIABILITIES 
 
Financial Reporting Principles 
Current Operating Assets 
Trade and other receivables are recognized at the original invoiced amount, less impairment 
losses. The invoiced amount is considered to be approximately equal to the value derived if 
the amortized cost method would have been used. Impairment losses are estimated based 
on the expected credit loss method (ECL) for trade receivables, contract assets (with or 
without a significant financing component) and other receivables. 
Current Operating Liabilities 
Trade and other payables are recognized at the original invoiced amount. The invoiced 
amount is considered to be approximately equal to the value derived if the amortized cost 
method would have been used. 
Judgments and Estimates 
Judgment is involved when determining the impairment losses on doubtful receivables. The 
impairment is based on individual assessments of each customer and default risk in the 
industry and the country in which the customer operates. 
 
Current Operating Assets 
Amounts in NOK thousand 
2020 
2019 
2018 
  
 
 
 
Trade receivables 
7,823 
2,950 
7,328 
Public duty and tax refund 
3,165 
15 
40 
Contract assets 
191 
- 
- 
Other receivables 
6,316 
574 
- 
Prepaid expenses 
87 
- 
1,000 
Current operating assets 
17,582 
3,538 
8,368

--- Page 136 ---
33 
 
Current Operating Liabilities 
Amounts in NOK thousand 
2020 
2019 
2018 
  
 
 
 
Trade payables 
30,771 
522 
1,686 
Accrued expenses 
51,777 
17,810 
7,225 
Contract liabilities 
1,395 
- 
- 
Other current liabilities 
17,429 
- 
- 
Current operating liabilities 
101,372 
18,332 
8,911 
 
12 LEASES  
Leasing Activities 
In 2020, the Combined Group has entered into a property leases contract for its offices at 
Fornebu, Norway. See note 19 Related parties for more information about the lease contract. 
No other material lease agreement existed for previous periods presented.   
 
Financial Reporting Principles 
The lease liability represents the net present value of the lease payments to be made over the 
remaining lease period. The right-of-use asset is depreciated over the lease term and is 
subject to impairment testing. The cash outflows for leases under IFRS 16 are presented as a 
repayment of lease liabilities within financing activities in the cashflow statement. Interest 
paid is still classified as cash outflows within operating activities. 
Judgments and Estimates 
The premises lease contract, in which the Group is a lessee, contain extension and 
termination options exercisable before the end of the noncancelable period. These options 
are used to provide operational flexibility for the Group. In determining the lease term, the 
Group considers all facts and circumstances that create an economic incentive to exercise an 
extension option, or not exercise a termination option. Extension options (or periods after 
termination options) are only included in the lease term if the lease is reasonably certain to 
be extended (or not terminated). The most relevant factors to be considered as “creating 
economic incentive” include significant leasehold improvement, alternatives for the leased 
property and the costs and business disruption required to replace the leased assets. No 
extension or terminations options have been included in the lease term per the reporting 
date, as management has not determined that the Group is reasonably certain to exercise 
such options.    
The lease term assessment requires management’s judgment and is made at the 
commencement of the leases. The lease term is reassessed if an option is exercised or the 
Group becomes reasonably certain to exercise it. The assessment of reasonable certainty is 
only revised if a significant event or a significant change in circumstances occurs, which 
affects this assessment, and that is within the Group’s control.

--- Page 137 ---
34 
 
Right-Of-Use Assets (ROU) and Lease Liabilities 
The movement in the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities is summarized below. 
 
 
Right-of-use 
Amounts in NOK thousand 
assets 
  
Historical cost 
 
Balance as of 1 January 2020 
- 
Additions 
42,971 
  
Balance as of 31 December 2020 
42,971 
  
Accumulated depreciation 
 
Balance as of 1 January 2020 
- 
Depreciation for the period 
(5,407) 
  
Balance as of 31 December 2020 
(5,407) 
  
Book value as of 31 December 2020 
37,564 
 
 
Lease 
Amounts in NOK thousand 
liabilities 
  
 
Movement of lease liabilities 
 
Balance as of 1 January 2020 
- 
Additions 
42,923 
Interest expense 
878 
Lease payments 
(3,285) 
  
Balance as of 31 December 2020 
40,516 
  
Current 
12,064 
Non-current 
28,451

--- Page 138 ---
35 
 
Maturity of Lease Liabilities 
Amounts in NOK thousand 
2020 
Maturity within 1 year 
12,064 
Maturity 1-5 years 
31,646 
Maturity later than 5 years 
- 
Total undiscounted lease liabilities 
at 31 December 
43,710 
 
13 EMPLOYEE BENEFITS 
Salary and Other Personnel Costs 
Amounts in NOK thousand 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Salaries and wages 
58,847 
20,813 
10,606 
Social security costs 
8,505 
3,526 
1,797 
Pension costs 
3,658 
1,873 
955 
Other employee benefits 
5,352 
5,285 
2,814 
Total 
76,362 
31,497 
16,171 
Included in materials, goods and services 
(10,712) 
(22,732) 
(12,255) 
Total salary and other personnel costs 
65,650 
8,765 
3,916 
  
 
 
Average full-time equivalent (FTE) 1 
42 
25 
13 
 
1) No employees were employed by Aker Horizons' businesses during 2019 and 2018. FTE for the period 
before the legal entities were established has been calculated based on the number of hours recorded to ACC 
and AOW profit centers, see note 2. 
 
Share Purchase Program for Employees 
In 2020, Aker Carbon Capture’s share purchase program gave employees the opportunity to 
invest in Aker Carbon Capture shares capped at 25% of the employees’ annual salary. The 
participants were offered a price reduction of 30% due to a lock-up period of three years and 
furthermore a discount of 20% of purchase value up to maximum NOK 5,000. The shares 
purchased by each employee were paid in cash. In total 13 employees participated in the 
share purchase program. The Group expensed NOK 60 thousand in salary and other expenses 
and NOK 558 thousand directly in equity related the share purchase program. 
 
The Group's Pension Plans 
Financial Reporting Principles 
A defined contribution plan is a type of retirement plan where the employer makes 
contributions on a regular basis to the employees’ individual pension account. The benefits 
received by the employee are based on the employer contributions and gains or losses from

--- Page 139 ---
36 
 
investing the capital. Contributions to defined contribution pension plans are recognized as 
an expense in the income statement as incurred. 
The Group does not have any defined benefit plans. 
Defined Contribution Plan 
A defined contribution plan is a type of retirement plan where the employer makes 
contributions on a regular basis to the employees’ individual pension account. The benefits 
received by the employee are based on the employer contributions and gains or losses from 
investing the capital. Contributions to defined contribution pension plans are recognized as 
an expense in the income statement as incurred. 
The Group does not have any defined benefit plans. 
Compensation Plan 
Employees in Aker Horizons that were employed by Aker Solutions in 2008 when the 
Company changed to defined contribution plan are part of a compensation plan. The 
compensation amount is adjusted annually in accordance with the adjustment of the 
employees' pensionable income, and accrued interest according to market interest. The 
compensation plan is an unfunded plan and is calculated using an earned balance method. 
Tariff Based Pension Agreement (AFP) 
Employees in Norway have a tariff based lifelong retirement arrangement (AFP) organized by 
the main labor unions and the Norwegian state. The pension can be withdrawn from the age 
of 62. The information required to estimate the pension obligation from this defined benefit 
plan is not available from the plan administrator. Aker Horizons therefore currently accounts 
for the plan as if it was a defined contribution plan. The Group will account for it as a defined 
benefit plan if information becomes available from the plan administrator. 
 
Total Pension Liability 
Amounts in NOK thousand 
2020 
2019 
2018 
  
 
 
 
Compensation plan 
5,430 
- 
- 
Total 
5,430 
- 
-

--- Page 140 ---
37 
 
14 CAPITAL AND RESERVES 
Equity 
The total number of outstanding shares in Aker Horizons AS per the prospectus date is 
580,750,658 at a par value of NOK 1.00 per share. All issued shares are fully paid. Aker 
Horizons AS has one class of shares, ordinary shares, with equal rights for all shares. The 
holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends and are entitled to one vote per 
share at general meetings. 
Total equity in the carve-out combined financial statements per the reporting date 31 
December 2020 is based on the equity per the balance sheet date for Aker Horizons Holding 
Group, as Aker Horizons Holding AS was constituting the legal parent entity for the 
combined Aker Horizons Group per this date, adjusted for the equity elements related to 
Aker Horizons AS and the investment in REC Silicon ASA, as these entity were not part of the 
legal Aker Horizons Group structure per the balance sheet date 31 December 2020. 
For transactions with owners in their capacity as owners affecting equity after the reporting 
date, please see note 22 Subsequent events.   
 
15 CAPITAL MANAGEMENT 
The objective of Aker Horizons' capital management is to optimize the capital structure to 
ensure sufficient and timely funding over time to finance its activities at the lowest cost, in 
addition to investing in projects and technology which will increase the Company's return on 
capital employed over time. 
Investment Policy 
Aker Horizons' capital management is based on a rigorous investment selection process 
which considers the weighted average cost of capital and strategic orientation in addition to 
external factors such as market expectations and extrinsic risk factors. 
Liquidity Planning 
Aker Horizons has a strong focus on its liquidity situation in order to meet its short-term 
working capital needs. Aker Horizons had a liquidity reserve at 31 December 2020 of NOK 
943,112 thousand being cash and cash equivalents. 
 
16 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND EXPOSURES 
The objective of financial risk management is to manage and control financial risk exposures 
to increase the predictability of earnings and minimize potential adverse effects on the 
Company’s financial performance. The Combined Group is or may be exposed to currency 
risk, credit risk, interest rate risk, liquidity risk and price risk.

--- Page 141 ---
38 
 
Risk Management 
Risk management of financial risks is performed in every development project and is the 
responsibility of the project manager. They cooperate with finance managers to identify, 
evaluate and perform necessary hedging when necessary. 
Currency Risk 
The Group operates internationally and is exposed to currency risk on commercial 
transactions, recognized assets and liabilities and net investments in foreign operations. 
Commercial transactions and recognized assets and liabilities are subject to currency risk 
when payments are denominated in a currency other than the respective functional currency 
of the Group company. 
Currency exposures from investments in foreign currencies are only hedged when specifically 
instructed by management. As of 31 December 2020, the Group had no net investment 
hedges. 
Credit Risk 
Credit risk is the risk of financial losses if a customer or counterparty to financial receivables 
and financial instruments fails to meet contractual obligations.   
Trade receivables and contract assets 
Assessment of credit risk related to customers and subcontractors is an important 
requirement in the bid phase and throughout the contract period. Such assessments are 
based on credit ratings, income statement and balance sheet reviews and using credit 
assessment tools available (e.g. Dun & Bradstreet). Revenues are mainly related to large and 
long-term projects closely followed up in terms of payments up front and in accordance with 
agreed milestones. Normally, lack of payment is due to disagreements related to project 
deliveries and is solved together with the customer. 
Measurement of expected credit losses (ECLs) 
Impairment is assessed using the expected credit loss (ECL) method for financial assets. The 
Company considers a financial asset to be in default when the borrower is unlikely to pay its 
credit obligation to the Company in full. ECLs are estimated probability-weighted net present 
value of future expected credit losses. ECLs are discounted at the effective interest rate of the 
financial asset. Loss allowances are always measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.  At 
each reporting date, the Company assesses whether any financial assets are credit impaired. 
Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes when invoices are more than 90 
days past due without agreed postponement, knowledge of significant financial difficulty of 
the customer or debtor or other forward-looking information. The gross carrying amount of a 
financial asset is written off (either partially or in full) to the extent that there is no realistic 
prospect of recovery. This is generally the case when the Company determines that the 
debtor does not have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient cash flows to 
repay the amounts subject to write-off.

--- Page 142 ---
39 
 
Liquidity Risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company is unable to meet the obligations associated with 
its financial liabilities. The Company's approach to managing liquidity is to ensure, as far as 
possible, that it will always have sufficient liquidity reserves to meet its liabilities when due.   
Price Risk 
The Group is exposed to fluctuations in market prices in the operational areas related to 
contracts, including changes in market prices for raw materials, equipment and development 
in wages. These risks are to the extent possible managed in bid processes by locking in 
committed prices from vendors as a basis for offers to customer or through escalation 
clauses with customers. 
Guarantees 
The Combined Group has issued a parent company guarantee on behalf of Aker Carbon 
Capture Norway AS related to the Brevik CCS project. 
 
17 CHANGES IN LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
Lease Liabilities 
Amounts in NOK thousand 
2020 
Balance at the beginning of the period 
- 
  
 
Cash changes 
  
Principal payment to lessor 
(2,407) 
  
  
Non-cash changes 
  
Initial recognition 
42,923 
Balance at the end of the period 
40,516 
 
Non-Current Borrowings, Related Party 
Amounts in NOK thousand 
2020 
Balance at the beginning of the period 
- 
  
 
Cash changes 
  
Cash proceeds received from lender 
650,000 
  
  
Non-cash changes 
  
Seller's credit 
350,000 
Amortization of loan 
- 
Balance at the end of the period 
1,000,000

--- Page 143 ---
40 
 
Current Borrowings, Related Party 
Amounts in NOK thousand 
2020 
Balance at the beginning of the period 
- 
  
 
Cash changes 
  
Cash proceeds received from lender 
182,000 
  
  
Non-cash changes 
  
Amortization of loan 
1,650 
Balance at the end of the period 
183,650 
 
18 INTEREST IN OTHER ENTITES 
Companies Included in The Combined Financial Statements 
The carve-out combined financial statements include the following legal entities (the "Aker 
Horizons business") per the reporting date. All legal entities were incorporated during 2020. 
The activities were prior to 2020 part of Aker Solutions Group, a subsidiary of Aker ASA 
Group, before they were carved-out into the separate legal entities. The Combined Group 
consists of ownership interests, assets and liabilities that have historically been under 
common control of Aker ASA for all periods presented. See note 2 for further disclosures. 
 
Financial Reporting Principles 
Intra-group balances and transactions, and any unrealized income and expenses (except for 
foreign currency transaction gains or losses) arising from intra-group transactions, are 
eliminated. Unrealized gains arising from transactions with equity-accounted investees are 
eliminated against the investment to the extent of the Group’s interest in the investee. 
Unrealized losses are eliminated in the same way as unrealized gains, but only to the extent 
that there is no evidence of impairment. 
Group entities 
See below the list of group entities of Aker Horizons. If not stated otherwise, ownership 
equals the percentage of voting shares. 
Non-controlling interests 
Set out below is summarized financial information for each group entity that has non-
controlling interests that are material to the Group. The amounts disclosed for each entity are 
before inter-company and group eliminations.

--- Page 144 ---
41 
 
Ownership interest 
Ownership interest 
  
 
 
held by the Group 
held by NCI 
Companies 1 
Directly owned by 
Location 
Country 
2020 
2020 
Aker Horizons Holding AS 
Aker Horizons AS 2 
Oslo 
Norway 
100 % 
0 % 
Aker Carbon Capture AS 
Aker Horizons Holding AS 
Oslo 
Norway 
51 % 
49 % 
Aker Carbon Capture Norway AS 
Aker Carbon Capture AS 
Oslo 
Norway 
51 % 
49 % 
Aker Offshore Wind AS 
Aker Horizons Holding AS 
Oslo 
Norway 
51 % 
49 % 
Aker Offshore Wind Operating Company AS 
Aker Offshore Wind AS 
Oslo 
Norway 
51 % 
49 % 
Aker Offshore Wind USA AS 
Aker Offshore Wind AS 
Oslo 
Norway 
51 % 
49 % 
Aker Offshore Wind LLC 
Aker Offshore Wind USA AS 
Houston 
US 
51 % 
49 % 
Sønnavindar Offshore Wind AS 
Aker Offshore Wind 
Operating Company AS 
Oslo 
Norway 
51 % 
49 % 
Nordavindar Offshore Wind AS 
Aker Offshore Wind 
Operating Company AS 
Oslo 
Norway 
51 % 
49 % 
Vestavindar Offshore Wind AS 
Aker Offshore Wind 
Operating Company AS 
Oslo 
Norway 
51 % 
49 % 
AH EN AS 
Aker Horizons Holding AS 
Oslo 
Norway 
100 % 
0 % 
Aker Clean Hydrogen Operating Company AS AH EN AS 
Oslo 
Norway 
100 % 
0 % 
Aker Clean Hydrogen AS 
Aker Clean Hydrogen 
Operating Company AS 
Oslo 
Norway 
100 % 
0 % 
AH FEM AS 
AH TRE AS 
Oslo 
Norway 
100 % 
0 % 
AH SEKS AS 
AH TRE AS 
Oslo 
Norway 
100 % 
0 % 
AH FIRE AS 
AH TRE AS 
Oslo 
Norway 
100 % 
0 % 
AH SYV AS 
AH FIRE AS 
Oslo 
Norway 
100 % 
0 % 
AH ÅTTE AS 
AH FIRE AS 
Oslo 
Norway 
100 % 
0 % 
1 Company names have been presented as of 31 December 2020. Certain company names have been changed in 2021. 
2 Aker Horizons AS became the legal owner of Aker Horizons Holding AS in January 2021

--- Page 145 ---
42 
 
Non-Controlling Interests (NCI) 
 
2020 
2020 
 
Aker Carbon 
Aker Offshore 
Summarized balance sheet  
Capture AS 
Wind AS 
Current assets 
464,896 
509,751 
Current liabilities 
20,500 
43,637 
Current net assets 
444,396 
466,114 
 
 
 
Non-current assets 
19,586 
375,509 
Non-current liabilities 
12,121 
11,056 
Non-current net assets 
7,464 
364,453 
 
 
 
Net assets 
451,860 
830,567 
Accumulated NCI before adjustments 
221,411 
406,978 
Group adjustments 
 (72,637) 
 (42,544) 
Accumulated NCI 
 148,774  
 364,434  
 
 
2020 
2020 
Summarized statement of  
Aker Carbon 
Aker Offshore 
comprehensive income 
Capture AS 
Wind AS 
Revenue 
                       23,739                           1,705  
Profit (loss) for the period 1 
                     (53,621)                      (99,805) 
Net profit (loss) allocated to NCI 2 
                   (18,674)                    (30,099) 
1 Profit (loss) for the period has been presented for the entire year of 2020. 
2 No non-controlling interests have been presented for the periods before the private placement of shares in ACC 
and AOW in July 2020. As such net profit (loss) allocated to NCI only includes the share of profit from July 2020 to 
the year ended. 
 
 
2020 
2020 
 
Aker Carbon 
Aker Offshore 
Summarized cash flows 
Capture AS 
Wind AS 
Cash flows from operating activities 
  
(44,675) 
  
(37,219) 
Cash flows from investing activities 
                       (5,991)                    (287,940) 
Cash flows from financing activities 
                     508,056                       799,396  
Net change in cash 1 
                   457,391                     474,237  
1 Summarized cash flows have been presented for the entire year of 2020.

--- Page 146 ---
43 
 
19 EQUITY-ACCOUNTED INVESTEES 
Financial Reporting Principles 
The Group’s interests in equity-accounted investees comprise interests in associates and joint 
ventures. 
An associate is an entity in which the Group has significant influence, but not control or joint 
control, over the financial and operating policies. Significant influence is presumed to exist 
when the Group holds between 20 and 50 percent of the voting power of another entity, but 
this is assessed on a case-by-case basis.  A joint venture is an arrangement in which the 
Group has joint control, whereby the Group has rights to the net assets of the arrangement, 
rather to its assets and obligations for its liabilities. Joint control is established by contractual 
agreement requiring unanimous consent of the ventures for strategic, financial and operating 
decisions.  
Interests in associates and joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method. They are 
initially recognized at cost. Subsequent to initial recognition, the carve-out combined 
financial statements include the Group’s share of the profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income of the equity-accounted investees. The Group’s investment includes 
fair value adjustments for assets identified on acquisition, net of depreciation, amortization 
and any accumulated impairment losses. When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its 
interest in an equity-accounted investee, the carrying amount of that interest, including any 
long-term investments, is reduced to zero, and further losses are not recognized except to 
the extent that the Group incurs legal or constructive obligations or has made payments on 
behalf of the investee. 
See note 20 Related parties for more information about transactions and balances between 
Aker Horizons and equity-accounted investees. 
 
Investments in equity-accounted investees 
 
 
As of 
Amounts in NOK thousand 
 Ownership  
31 Dec 2020 
Principle Power Inc  
47.1% 
364,281 
REC 
24.7% 
255,973 
Korea Floating Wind Power Co., Ltd. 
30.6% 
- 
Redwood Coast Offshore Wind LLC 
50.0% 
- 
Total investments in equity-accounted investees 
  
620,254 
 
 
 
As of 
Amounts in NOK thousand 
 Ownership  
31 Dec 2019 
Principle Power Inc  
24.5% 
129,830 
REC 
23.0% 
85,259 
Total investments in equity-accounted investees 
  
215,089

--- Page 147 ---
44 
 
Principle Power Inc  
Principle Power Inc (PPI) is an innovative technology and services provider for the offshore 
deep-water wind energy market. PPI’s proven technology, the WindFloat – a floating wind 
turbine foundation – enables a change in paradigm for the industry in terms of reduced costs 
and risks for the installation and operations of offshore wind turbines. PPI is not publicly 
listed. The company is accounted for as an associated company. 
In July 2019, the Group began to have significant influence over PPI. As at 31 December 2019 
the Group had a 24.5% ownership interest in PPI. Therefore, PPI was recognized as an equity-
accounted investee beginning in 2019. During 2020, the Group’s ownership interest in PPI 
decreased to 18% and subsequently increased to 47% in December 2020. Since the Group 
was considered to continue having significant influence through its ownership of redeemable 
preference shares throughout 2020, there was no change in the measurement method of the 
Group’s investment in PPI. 
 
REC Silicon ASA 
Aker Horizons holds 24.7% in REC Silicon ASA (REC). REC is a leading producer of advanced 
silicon materials, supplying high-purity polysilicon and silicon gases to the solar and 
electronics industries worldwide. On 31 December 2019, Aker Capital acquired a 23% share in 
REC. Subsequently, on 19 January 2021, the Company acquired its 24.7% industrial holding in 
REC Silicon from Aker Capital AS. REC is publicly listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange under the 
ticker "RECSI". The company is accounted for as an associated company. 
 
Korea Floating Wind Power Co., Ltd.  
Aker Horizons holds 30.6% in Korean Floating Wind Power Co., Ltd. (KFWind). KFWind is one 
of five consortiums with an MoU in place with Ulsan City for the development of offshore 
wind in the region. KFWind is accounted for as an associated company. Aker Horizons has 
provided funding to KFWind which is included in interest-bearing receivables, see note 10 
Interest-bearing receivables. No material impairment loss has been identified related to this 
receivable. The interest-bearing receivable granted to KFWind is short-term in nature and is 
expected to be paid back in 2021 as such the amount has not been considered as part of the 
investment. As of 31 December 2020, the Group had a negative investment balance related 
to its investment in KFWind. As the Group is not liable for KFWind's obligations, no 
investment balance has been recognized in the balance sheet. 
 
Redwood Coast Offshore Wind LLC  
The Redwood Coast Offshore Wind Project was established in 2018 as a consortium with EDP 
Renewables (now Ocean Winds). The Company was selected in a competitive process to enter 
into a public-private partnership to pursue the development of an offshore wind energy

--- Page 148 ---
45 
 
project off the Northern California coast. In December 2020, the Company was established as 
a separate vehicle. Aker Horizons holds 50% of the Company and accounts for the 
investment as a joint venture. As of 31 December 2020, the Group has not made payments 
into the joint venture but has made payments of NOK 6.316 million on behalf of the joint 
venture. The amount is reported in Current operating assets, see note 11 Current operating 
assets and liabilities.

--- Page 149 ---
46 
 
Summary of Financial Information for Equity-Accounted Investees 
2020 
 
 
 
Amounts in NOK thousand 
Principle 
Power Inc 
REC Silicon 
ASA 
Korea Floating 
Wind Power 
Co., Ltd. 1 
Summarized income statement financial information 
 
 
Revenue 
88,051 
1,147,789 
989 
Depreciations, amortizations and impairment 
(8,283) 
(589,405) 
- 
Interest income 
466 
2,820 
235 
Interest expense 
(7,278) 
(330,894) 
(1,302) 
Income tax (expense)/benefit 2 
(5) 
212,449 
- 
Profit (loss) 
(60,690) 
(438,999) 
- 
Total comprehensive income (100%) 
(60,690) 
(448,399) 
(46,267) 
Group's share of profit (loss) 3 
(13,241) 
(107,131) 
(4,416) 
1) The Group has only recognized a loss to bring the book value of investment of NOK 4 416 thousand to zero.  
2) As of 31 December 2020, REC Silicon ASA had non-recognized deferred tax assets of USD 26.6 million. The tax benefit included in REC 
Silicon ASAs result for 2020 represents the reversal of a previously recognized tax liability due to an uncertain tax position that was resolved 
in Q3 2020, as described in the Q3 report for REC Silicon ASA. 
3) Due to changes in the Group's ownership interest in its equity-accounted investees during the year, the Group's share of total 
comprehensive income may not equate to the Group's ownership interest multiplied by the equity-accounted investee's total comprehensive 
income. 
 
 
 
 
Summarized balance sheet financial information 
 
 
 
Current assets 
213,545 
1,776,487 
26,819 
Cash and cash equivalents 
170,873 
1,151,048 
25,146 
Non-current assets 
162,755 
1,137,396 
237 
Current liabilities 
(26,945) 
508,543 
(86,087) 
Current financial liabilities (excluding trade and 
other payables and provisions) 
(1,840) 
254,271 
74,981 
Non-current liabilities 
(47,396) 
1,901,917 
- 
Non-current financial liabilities (excluding trade and 
other payables and provisions) 
(47,396) 
1,006,847 
- 
Net assets (100%) 
301,959 
503,423 
(59,031) 
Group's share of net assets 
142,223 
124,346 
(18,078) 
Goodwill 
222,058 
- 
- 
Excess value of PP&E* 
- 
131,628 
- 
Share of loss not recognized 
- 
- 
(18,078) 
Group's carrying amount of the investment 
364,281 
255,973 
- 
  
 
 
*Economic useful life of excess value of PPE (in years) 
- 
20 
- 
2019

--- Page 150 ---
47 
 
Amounts in NOK thousand 
Principle 
Power Inc 
REC Silicon 
ASA 
 
 
 
 
Summarized income statement financial information 
Revenue 
78,786 
1,410,353 
 
Depreciations, amortizations and impairment 
(7,312) 
(614,498) 
Interest income 
304 
6,163 
 
Interest expense 
(11,040) 
(172,553) 
 
Income tax (expense)/benefit 
(110) 
- 
 
Profit (loss) 
50,769 
(1,118,070) 
 
Total comprehensive income (100%) 
50,827 
(1,099,582) 
 
Group's share of profit (loss) 1 
(5,633) 
- 
 
 
Summarized balance sheet financial information 
 
 
 
Current assets 
56,809 
995,686 
 
Cash and cash equivalents 
23,661 
258,141 
 
Non-current assets 
170,297 
1,556,747 
 
Current liabilities 
(28,045) 
1,016,759 
 
Current financial liabilities (excluding trade and 
other payables and provisions) 
(1,120) 
196,679 
 
Non-current liabilities 
(38,240) 
1,527,772 
 
Non-current financial liabilities (excluding trade 
and other payables and provisions) 
(38,240) 
957,053 
 
Net assets (100%) 
160,822 
7,024 
 
Group's share of net assets 
129,830 
85,259 
 
Group's carrying amount of the investment 
129,830 
85,259 
 
1) Due to changes in the Group's ownership interest in its equity-accounted investees during the year, the Group's share of 
total comprehensive income may not equate to the Group's ownership interest multiplied by the equity-accounted 
investee's total comprehensive income.

--- Page 151 ---
48 
 
Reconciliation of Carrying Amount in Equity-Accounted Investees For 2020 
Amounts in NOK thousand 
Principle 
Power Inc 
REC Silicon 
ASA 
Korea Floating 
Wind Power 
Co., Ltd. 
Total 
Opening balance 1 January 
129,830 
85,259 
- 
215,089 
Recognized investment in associate due to 
increase in ownership interest 
- 
- 
18 
18 
Investments 
266,001 
300,000 
4,397 
570,399 
Share of profit (loss) 1 
(13,241) 
(107,131) 
(4,416) 
(124,789) 
Share of other comprehensive income 
- 
(2,322) 
- 
(2,322) 
Share of transaction costs on equity increase 
- 
(8,172) 
- 
(8,172) 
Currency translation differences 
(18,309) 
(11,661) 
(29,970) 
Closing balance 31 December 
364,281 
255,973 
- 
620,254 
1) The share of profit (loss) for REC Silicon ASA includes NOK 4 million of depreciation of the excess value of PPE. 
 
 
Reconciliation of Carrying Amount in Equity-Accounted Investees For 2019 
Amounts in NOK thousand 
Principle 
Power Inc 
REC Silicon 
ASA 
Total 
Opening balance 1 January 
- 
- 
- 
Recognized investment in associate due to 
increase in ownership interest 
63,800 
- 
63,800 
Investments 
71,664 
85,259 
156,922 
Share of profit (loss) 
(5,633) 
- 
(5,633) 
Closing balance 31 December 
129,830 
85,259 
215,089

--- Page 152 ---
49 
 
20 RELATED PARTIES 
Financial Reporting Principles 
Related party relationships are those involving control (either direct or indirect), joint control 
or significant influence. Related parties are in a position to enter into transactions with the 
Company that would not be undertaken between unrelated parties.  
Aker Horizons AS is a parent company with control of the group entities as listed in note 18 
Interest in other entities. Any transactions between the parent company and the group 
entities are eliminated in the carve-out combined financial statements. 
Remunerations and transactions with directors and executive officers are summarized in note 
21 Management remuneration. 
The largest shareholder of Aker Horizons AS is Aker Capital AS which in turn is controlled by 
Kjell Inge Røkke through Aker ASA, TRG Holding AS and The Resource Group TRG AS. The 
Resource Group TRG AS is the ultimate parent company of Aker Horizons AS. In this respect, 
all entities controlled by Aker ASA and entities which Kjell Inge Røkke and his close family 
controls through The Resource Group TRG AS are considered related parties to Aker Horizons 
AS and referred to as "Aker entities" in the table below.   
Related parties to Aker are other entities not controlled by Kjell Inge Røkke through Aker 
ASA, TRG Holding AS and The Resource Group TRG AS, but where Aker entities have 
significant influence over the reporting entities.  
A significant portion of the Aker Horizons business was an integral part Aker Solutions ASA, a 
subsidiary of Aker ASA for the periods covered by these carve-out combined financial 
statements up until December 2020, where Aker ASA’s investment in Aker Solutions ASA was 
classified as an associate. Related parties’ balances per the reporting date 31 December 2020 
are thus classified as Related parties to Aker.

--- Page 153 ---
50 
 
Transactions and Balances with Related Parties 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
Amounts in NOK thousand 
Aker entities 
Related 
parties to 
Aker 
Associates Joint Ventures 
Total 
  
 
 
 
 
 
Income statement 
 
 
 
 
 
Revenues 
- 
165 
1,539 
- 
1,704 
Operating expenses 
(5,151) 
(41,050) 
- 
- 
(46,201) 
Interest income 
- 
- 
486 
- 
486 
Interest expense 
(2,715) 
- 
- 
- 
(2,715) 
  
 
 
 
 
Balance sheet 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest-bearing receivables 
- 
- 
24,867 
- 
24,867 
Trade and other receivables 
- 
907 
1,539 
6,316 
8,762 
  
 
 
 
 
Non-current borrowings 
(1,000,000) 
- 
- 
- 
(1,000,000) 
Current borrowings 
(183,650) 
- 
- 
- 
(183,650) 
Trade and other payables 
(8,369) 
(27,382) 
- 
- 
(35,751)

--- Page 154 ---
51 
 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
Amounts in NOK thousand 
Aker entities 
Related 
parties to 
Aker 
Associates Joint Ventures 
Total 
  
 
 
 
 
 
Income statement 
 
 
 
 
 
Operating expenses 
                        7                       -    
                     -  
                     -                        7  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Balance sheet 
 
 
 
 
 
Trade and other payables 
                        7                       -    
                     -  
                     -                        7  
 
 
For the year ended 31 December 2018 
Amounts in NOK thousand 
Aker entities 
Related 
parties to 
Aker 
Associates Joint Ventures 
Total 
  
 
 
 
 
 
Income statement 
 
 
 
 
 
Operating expenses 
                    337                       -    
                     -  
                     -                    337  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Balance sheet 
 
 
 
 
 
Trade and other payables 
                    337                       -    
                     -  
                     -                    337

--- Page 155 ---
52 
 
The Major Related Parties Transactions 
Incorporation of Aker Horizons Group 
The Company was incorporated on 1 November 2020 as a private limited liability company 
under the laws of Norway. On 19 January 2021, the Company acquired Aker Horizons 
Holding through the Internal Reorganization (described in the prospectus) and thereby 
established the current Group, including a 51% ownership in each of Aker Carbon Capture 
and Aker Offshore Wind. At the same time, the Company acquired its 24.7% industrial 
holding in REC Silicon ASA from Aker Capital AS. Refer to note 2 Accounting principles and 
note 22 Subsequent events for additional details. 
For further disclosures on the Internal Reorganization, please see note 2. 
 
Acquisition of Business from Aker Solutions 
Aker Offshore Wind segment 
On 17 July 2020, the Asset Purchase Agreement with Aker Solutions was entered into for the 
purchase of assets, rights and liabilities that were part of Aker Solutions’ wind development 
business. The agreement included the purchase of shares in Principle Power Inc. and Korea 
Floating Wind Power Co., Ltd. As part of the Asset Purchase Agreement, several contracts 
related to the offshore wind business were assigned from Aker Solutions to the Aker Offshore 
Wind in relation to the Group’s wind business, such as agreements related to projects, 
portfolios, biddings and memorandum of understandings. 
The purchase price was set at NOK 441 million based on fair value estimates, whereas the net 
book values for the acquired business was NOK 136 million at the date of the transaction. 
The transaction was financed by way of a seller’s credit, later reclassified to equity through a 
debt conversion. The acquisition is considered a common control transaction in these carve-
out combined financial statements, and the differences between fair values and book values 
are reflected as a continuity difference element included in equity in these carve-out 
combined financial statements. 
Aker Carbon Capture segment 
On 17 July 2020, the Asset Purchase Agreement with Aker Solutions was entered into for the 
acquisition of personnel, technology (including know-how) and intellectual property rights, 
the MTU, as well as its project and tender portfolio in the CCUS business, together with other 
industry projects/engagements. 
The purchase price was set at NOK 512 million based on fair value estimates, whereas the net 
book values for the acquired business was NOK 9 million at the date of the transaction. The 
transaction was financed by way of a seller’s credit, later reclassified to equity through a debt 
conversion. The acquisition is considered a common control transactions and differences 
between fair values and book values are reflected as continuity difference in equity in these 
carve-out combined financial statements.

--- Page 156 ---
53 
 
Agreements with Related Parties to Aker 
Aker Solutions 
Transitional Services Agreement 
On 17 July 2020, the Transitional Services Agreement was entered into with Aker Solutions 
regarding services to be rendered to the Group. Such services include, inter alia, access to 
employees who possess information necessary for the business and operations, assistance 
with financials, tax, legal, IT and human resources, and other similar services that ensure a 
smooth transition. The term of the agreement is six months with an option for the Aker 
Horizons to extend for further three months and is otherwise entered into on market terms. 
In addition, the Combined Group has entered into certain Ancillary Agreements with Aker 
Solutions consisting of a personnel hire agreement, license agreement, technical services 
agreement, fabrication services agreement, agreement for sale of goods, EPCI agreement and 
an alliance agreement. The agreements provide the Group with, among other things, unique 
access to Aker Solutions’ deep-water capabilities. The ancillary agreements is entered into 
on terms and conditions considered in line with prevailing practice for similar agreements. 
Global Frame Agreement 
On 31 July 2020, the three Global Frame Agreements with Aker Solutions were entered into 
for (i) provision of fabrication services; (ii) provision of technical services, including 
engineering services; and (iii) for personnel hire. The purpose of these agreements is to 
ensure access to capabilities and manpower while maintaining needed flexibility in the cost 
base following the Separation. All agreements are subject to a 5-year term with an option to 
renew for 3 + 3 years. The contract for provision of technical services includes an exclusivity 
provision. Also, the same parties have on the same date agreed on a roadmap for the 
purpose of negotiating and agreeing on a framework agreement for the provision of 
engineering, procurement, construction and management assistance based on an alliance 
model. 
Brevik CCS Project 
On 22 December 2020, Aker Horizons awarded Aker Solutions a contract for engineering, 
procurement and management assistance services to realize the carbon capture plant at the 
Brevik cement factory in southern Norway. Aker Solutions expects around 100 employees will 
be involved in delivering these services.   
Office Lease Agreement 
The Group has entered into a lease agreement with Aker Solutions AS for office premises at 
Fornebu, Bærum. The contract term is two years starting 17 August 2020, with extension 
option for one additional year.

--- Page 157 ---
54 
 
Agreements with Aker Entities 
Aker BP ASA 
The Group has entered into a Cooperation Frame Agreement with Aker BP ASA concerning 
decarbonizing oil and gas production assets with renewable power from offshore wind. The 
two companies collaborate on concepts for efficient development of large offshore wind 
parks to enable effective offtake to oil and gas producing assets on the NCS. Aker Offshore 
Wind is taking a role to develop and operate the wind parks. Aker BP will contribute with 
industry and technology competence and be a potential customer of electricity from offshore 
wind along with other operators. 
Aker ASA 
The Group has entered into an IT service agreement with Aker ASA for delivery of IT services 
to the Group. 
Aker Capital AS 
Loan Agreement 
The Group has entered into loan facilities totaling NOK 1,208 million with Aker Capital AS, of 
which NOK 1,182 million was drawn as of 31 December 2020. The interest rate is set at NIBOR 
+ 5% margin. NOK 1 billion matures on 30 June 2022 and the remaining balance matures on 
31 December 2021. The loans were granted to finance operations in addition to a seller credit 
of NOK 1 billion related to share purchases, see also note 17 Changes in liabilities arising 
from financing activities. 
See note 22 Subsequent events for further discussion of the change of creditor from Aker 
Capital AS to Aker Horizons AS in 2021. 
 
Agreements with Associated Companies 
Korea Floating Wind Power Co., Ltd.  
The Group has provided shareholder loans to the associated company Korea Floating Wind 
Power Co., Ltd.  The receivables are interest-bearing (interest rate 3.5% per annum). Further, 
the Combined Group has entered into a Shareholder Services Agreement whereby Aker 
Offshore Wind will provide services to the associate company on demand. Please see more 
information about the equity-accounted investee in note 19.

--- Page 158 ---
55 
 
21 MANAGEMENT REMUNERATION 
Remuneration to the Directors 
The total remuneration to the CEO and CFO consists of a fixed base salary, employee benefits 
and variable pay programs. The CEO and CFO participate in the standard pension and 
insurance schemes applicable to all employees. The table below includes remuneration 
earned beginning on 1 September 2020 when the Directors were first employed. 
 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
 
 
Other 
Total taxable 
Pension 
Amounts in NOK 
Job title 
Base salary 
benefits 
remuneration benefit earned 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kristian Røkke 
CEO 
   1,133,000            4,128          1,137,128                 59,233  
Ola Beinnes Fosse 
CFO 
      666,667            4,128             670,795                 59,264  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
22 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 
The Internal Reorganization 
Aker Horizons AS was incorporated on 1 November 2020 and became the parent of the Aker 
Horizons Group through an internal reorganization in January 2021. 
Prior to the internal reorganization, the Company was a dormant shelf company with no 
material assets. In connection with, and as a result of the Internal Reorganization, the 
Company acquired through its subsidiaries 51% of Aker Carbon Capture AS (ACC) and Aker 
Offshore Wind (AOW), in addition to a 24.7% ownership interest in REC Silicon ASA (REC 
Silicon). Please see note 2 for further disclosures.  
 
The Mainstream Transaction 
On 19 January 2021, the Aker Horizons Group entered into the Mainstream SPA, resulting in 
a 75% ownership in Mainstream, a leading global renewable energy company that develops, 
builds and operates offshore and onshore wind farms and solar power plants in high growth 
markets worldwide. 
 
The Mainstream Transaction is expected to close during Q2 2021, subject to certain 
customary closing conditions.  
The preliminary cash consideration for the 75 % stake in Mainstream is approximately NOK 
7,010 million. In addition to the consideration payable on closing, the share purchase 
agreement contains a potential future earn-out payment payable at the earliest in 2023 of up 
to approximately NOK 1,000 million based on secured or formally awarded additional project

--- Page 159 ---
56 
 
capacity in certain future bidding rounds. The earn-out element has been valued by the 
Company to approximately NOK 100 million in the preliminary purchase price allocation. 
Transaction costs related to the Mainstream Transaction are approximately NOK 250 million. 
 
The financing of the Mainstream Transaction is made through a Private Placement of 
118,571,428 new Shares at a price per share of 35 NOK completed on 27 January 2021 and 
related Greenshoe with 11,857,142 new share at a price per share of 35 NOK, raising a total 
gross proceeds of NOK 4.57 billion or net proceeds of NOK 4.43 billion, net of transaction 
costs of approximately NOK 138 million. Financing is also raised through issuance of 
convertible bonds with nominal amount of NOK 1,500 million and issuance of green bond 
with nominal amount of NOK 2,500 million. Further and in connection with the Mainstream 
Transaction, the Group entered into a Revolving credit Facility with nominal amount of NOK 
1,750 million. 
 
 
The Rainpower Transaction  
On 26 January 2021, the Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary Aker Horizons 
Holding AS, entered into the Rainpower SPA for the acquisition of all of the shares in 
Rainpower for a cash consideration of NOK 8.5 million. Rainpower offers proprietary 
technologies for integrated products and services to the hydropower industry worldwide.   
The transaction is conditional on recapitalization of Rainpower with its current lenders in 
addition to customary closing conditions including required anti-trust filings. The Rainpower 
Transaction is expected to be completed during Q1 2021, subject to satisfaction of all closing 
conditions.  
Transaction costs related to the Rainpower Transaction are approximately NOK 3 million. 
 
The Shareholder Loan  
On 27 January 2021, the Company entered into a Subordinated Loan Agreement of NOK 
2,000 million with Aker Capital to replace a Seller’s credit of NOK 800 million arising in 
connection with the transfer of the shares of REC Silicon in 2021 into the Company, and the 
loan agreement of NOK 1,200 million entered in 19 January 2021 which in its turn replaced 
the loan agreement of NOK 1,200 million entered into in the end of 2020, related to the 
transfer of ACC and AOW in that year.   
The Shareholder Loan bears an interest of 6 % and has maturity date in 2026. Issuance costs 
related to the Shareholder Loan of NOK 10 million are payable in July 2021.

--- Page 160 ---
57 
 
The Aker Clean Hydrogen Transaction 
Aker Clean Hydrogen (AHC), incorporated in February 2021, is a subsidiary of the Company, 
and was established as a pure play industrial clean hydrogen developer and operator with the 
purpose of accelerating global decarbonization. ACH shares became available for trading on 
Euronext Growth during March 2021 and raised new equity through a private placement 
raising of net proceeds of NOK 2,950 million.  
The Company participated in the private placement with NOK 500 million, and the net effect 
for the Combined Group was NOK 2,450 million.

--- Page 161 ---
KPMG AS 
Sørkedalsveien 6  
Postboks 7000 Majorstuen  
0306 Oslo  
Telephone +47 45 40 40 63 
Fax  
Internet www.kpmg.no 
Enterprise 935 174 627 MVA 
 
 
 
To the Board of Directors of Aker Horizons AS 
 
Independent auditor’s report 
Report on the Audit of the Carve-out Combined Financial Statements 
Opinion 
We have audited the carve-out combined financial statements of Aker Horizons AS, which comprise: 
• 
The carve-out combined financial statements of Aker Horizons AS (the “Combined Group”), 
which comprise the carve-out combined balance sheet as at 31 December 2020, 31 
December 2019 and 31 December 2018, the carve-out combined income statement and 
comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for the years then ended, and 
notes, comprising significant accounting policies and other explanatory information. 
In our opinion: 
• 
The accompanying carve-out combined financial statements give a true and fair view of the 
carve-out combined financial position of the Combined Group as at 31 December 2020, 31 
December 2019 and 31 December 2018, and its carve-out combined financial performance 
and its carve-out combined cash flows for the years then ended in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the EU. 
Basis for Opinion 
We conducted our audit in accordance with laws, regulations, and auditing standards and practices 
generally accepted in Norway, including International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). Our 
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the 
Audit of the Carve-out Combined Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of 
the Combined Group as required by laws and regulations in Norway, and we have fulfilled our other 
ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. We believe that the audit evidence we 
have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. 
Emphasis of Matter – Basis of Preparation  
We draw attention to Note 1 and 2 to the carve-out combined financial statements, which describes 
their basis of preparation, including the approach to and the purpose for preparing them. The carve-
out combined financial statements were prepared to meet the requirements in connection with Aker 
Horizons AS’ listing of shares on Oslo Stock Exchange, including the prospectus prepared in 
connection therewith. Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.  
 
Responsibilities of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director for the Financial Statements 
The Board of Directors and the Managing Director (Management) are responsible for the preparation 
and fair presentation of the carve-out combined financial statements in accordance with International

--- Page 162 ---
Independent Auditor's Report – 2018, 2019 and 2020 
Aker Horizons AS 
 
2 
Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU, and for such internal control as management 
determines is necessary to enable the preparation of carve-out combined financial statements that are 
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.  
In preparing the carve-out combined financial statements, management is responsible for assessing 
the Combined Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related 
to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends 
to liquidate the Combined Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so. 
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Carve-out Combined Financial Statements  
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the carve-out combined financial 
statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue 
an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is 
not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with laws, regulations, and auditing standards 
and practices generally accepted in Norway, including ISAs will always detect a material misstatement 
when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually 
or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users 
taken on the basis of these carve-out combined financial statements. 
As part of an audit in accordance with laws, regulations, and auditing standards and practices 
generally accepted in Norway, including ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain 
professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also: 
• 
identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the carve-out combined financial 
statements, whether due to fraud or error. We design and perform audit procedures 
responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to 
provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting 
from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, 
intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.  
• 
obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit 
procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an 
opinion on the effectiveness of the Combined Group 's internal control. 
• 
evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of 
accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management. 
• 
conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of 
accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists 
related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Combined Group 's 
ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are 
required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the carve-out 
combined financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. 
Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s 
report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Combined Group to cease to 
continue as a going concern. 
• 
evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the carve-out combined financial 
statements, including the disclosures, and whether the carve-out combined financial 
statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves a fair 
presentation. 
• 
obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities 
or business activities within the Combined Group to express an opinion on the carve-out 
combined financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and 
performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

--- Page 163 ---
Independent Auditor's Report – 2018, 2019 and 2020 
Aker Horizons AS 
 
3 
We communicate with the Board of Directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and 
timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control 
that we identify during our audit. 
 
 
Oslo, 11 March 2021 
KPMG AS 
 
 
 
Vegard Tangerud 
State Authorised Public Accountant

--- Page 164 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
58
Annex 3 Template for Final Terms for fixed and floating rate 
Bonds

--- Page 165 ---
[Annex 3] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Final Terms 
 
for 
 
[Title of the bond issue] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Lysaker, [Date]

--- Page 166 ---
Aker Horizons ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
2  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purpose of the conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus clauses 2 Definitions and 13.3 Definitions, these Final Terms and the attached Bond Terms. 
 
 
[In case MiFID II identified target market are professional investors and eligible counterparties, insert the 
following:] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties (ECPs) only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (MiFID II); 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only (ECPs) target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]  
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
 
 
[In case MiFID II identified target market are retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties, 
insert 
the 
following:] 
[MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties (ECPs) 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is eligible 
counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) 
(MiFID II); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds are appropriate[, including investment 
advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for 
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for 
distribution of the Bonds to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/and] portfolio management[,/ 
and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness

--- Page 167 ---
Aker Horizons ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
3  
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness 
obligations 
under 
MiFID 
II, 
as 
applicable].] 
 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is retail 
clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Bonds are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure 
execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clientsare 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Bonds to retail clients are appropriate – 
investment advice[,/and] portfolio management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject 
to the distributor’s (as defined below) suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
COBS, as applicable].] 
 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Bonds described herein pursuant to the Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 16 July 2021 and [the supplement[s] 
to the Base Prospectus dated [date]].  
 
The Base Prospectus dated 16 July 2021 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [date]] [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 ([together,] the “Base 
Prospectus”). 
 
Final Terms include a summary of each Bond Issue. 
 
These Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] are available on the 
Issuer's website https://www.akerhorizons.com/, or on the Issuer's visit address, Oksenøyveien 8, N-1366 
Lysaker, Norway, or their successor (s).

--- Page 168 ---
Aker Horizons ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
4  
1 Summary  
The below summary has been prepared in accordance with the disclosure requirements in Article 7in the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as of 14 June 2017. 
 
Introduction and warning 
Disclosure requirement 
Disclosure 
Warning 
This summary should be read as introduction to the Base 
Prospectus. Any decision to invest in the securities should be 
based on consideration of the Base Prospectus as a whole by the 
investor. The investor could lose all or part of the invested capital.  
Where a claim relating to the information contained in the Base 
Prospectus is brought before a court, the plaintiff investor might, 
under the national law, have to bear the costs of translating the 
Base Prospectus before the legal proceedings are initiated. Civil 
liability attaches only to those persons who have tabled the 
summary including any translation thereof, but only where the 
summary is misleading, inaccurate or inconsistent, when read 
together with the other parts of the Base Prospectus, or where it 
does not provide, when read together with the other parts of the 
prospectus, key information in order to aid investors when 
considering whether to invest in such securities. 
Name and international securities 
identification number (‘ISIN’) of the 
securities. 
[●] 
Identity and contact details of the issuer, 
including its legal entity identifier (‘LEI’). 
Aker Horizons ASA, Oksenøyveien 8, N-1366 Lysaker, Norway 
Telephone +47 464 02 317  
Registration number 925 978 558 in the Norwegian Companies 
Registry 
LEI-code (legal entity identifier): 549300SX4Z9T612Q0N59. 
Identity and contact details of the offeror or 
of the person asking for admission to trading 
on a regulated market. 
There is no offeror, the Base Prospectus has been produced in 
connection with listing of the securities on an Exchange. The 
Issuer is going to ask for admission to trading on a regulated 
market. 
Identity and contact details of the competent 
authority that approved the prospectus 
Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway (Finanstilsynet), 
Revierstredet 3, 0151 Oslo.   
Telephone number is +47 22 93 98 00.  
E-mail: prospekter@finanstilsynet.no. 
Date of approval of the prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus was approved on 16 July 2021. 
 
Key information on the Issuer 
Disclosure requirements 
Disclosure 
Who is the issuer of the securities 
Aker Horizons ASA 
Domicile and legal form 
The Issuer is a public limited liability company incorporated in 
Norway and organized under the laws of Norway, including the 
Public Limited Liability Companies Act 
Principal activities 
The Issuer, established in 2020 as the principal platform for Aker’s 
renewable and green tech investments, is a holding company for 
the Group’s investments, owning a portfolio of companies in the 
renewable energy and green tech space comprising both private 
and public companies. 
Major shareholders 
 
The ownership structure can be seen below: 
 
Investor 
Number of shares 
% of top 20 
% of total 
Type 
Country 
AKER CAPITAL AS 
464,285,714.00 
88.96 
79.95 
COMP 
NOR 
STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMP 
11,643,839.00 
2.23 
2.00 
NOM 
USA 
FOLKETRYGDFONDET 
11,375,000.00 
2.18 
1.96 
COMP 
NOR 
J.P. MORGAN BANK LUXEMBOURG S.A. 
4,454,725.00 
0.85 
0.77 
NOM 
SWE 
NORDNET LIVSFORSIKRING AS 
3,807,413.00 
0.73 
0.66 
COMP 
NOR 
NORDNET BANK AB 
3,099,109.00 
0.59 
0.53 
NOM 
SWE 
DANSKE INVEST NORSKE INSTIT. II. 
2,823,728.00 
0.54 
0.49 
COMP 
NOR 
AMF PENSIONSFÖRSÄKRING AB 
2,250,000.00 
0.43 
0.39 
COMP 
SWE 
LIVFORSAKRINGSBOLAGET SKANDIA,OMS. 
2,099,177.00 
0.40 
0.36 
COMP 
SWE 
NORDEA BANK ABP 
1,910,855.00 
0.37 
0.33 
NOM 
FIN 
J.P. MORGAN BANK LUXEMBOURG S.A. 
1,803,763.00 
0.35 
0.31 
NOM 
SWE

--- Page 169 ---
Aker Horizons ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
5  
CITIBANK EUROPE PLC 
1,735,450.00 
0.33 
0.30 
NOM 
IRL 
AVANZA BANK AB 
1,574,025.00 
0.30 
0.27 
NOM 
SWE 
CITIBANK EUROPE PLC 
1,487,130.00 
0.28 
0.26 
NOM 
IRL 
CENTRA INVEST AS 
1,455,000.00 
0.28 
0.25 
COMP 
NOR 
CLEARSTREAM BANKING S.A. 
1,400,056.00 
0.27 
0.24 
NOM 
LUX 
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., LONDON 
1,268,500.00 
0.24 
0.22 
NOM 
LUX 
U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
1,257,000.00 
0.24 
0.22 
NOM 
USA 
DANSKE INVEST NORSKE AKSJER INST 
1,183,800.00 
0.23 
0.20 
COMP 
NOR 
U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
1,016,391.00 
0.19 
0.18 
NOM 
USA 
Total number owned by top 20 
521,930,675.00 
 
89.87 
 
 
Total number of shares 
580,750,658.00 
 
100.00 
 
 
 
There are no arrangements, known to the Issuer, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a 
change in control of the Issuer.  
 
Management 
 
 
The management of the Company can be seen below: 
Name  
Position  
Kristian Røkke 
CEO 
Nanna Tollefsen 
CFO 
 
 
Statutory auditors 
KPMG AS 
 
What is the key financial information 
regarding the issuer 
 
Key financial information 
 
 
Aker Horizons ASA  
 
Unaudited 
interim 
financial 
statements 
Audited 
financial 
statements 
Audited carve-out combined financial 
statements 
 
The six 
months 
ended 30 
June 2021 
01.11.2020-
31.12.2020 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Amounts in NOK 
1000 
1 
1000 
1000 
1000 
Operating profit 
- 1,074,876 
0.00 
-194,958 
-8,696 
-4,669 
Net financial debt (long term debt plus 
short term debt minus cash) 
7,458,006 
0.00 
(240,538) 
0.00 
0.00 
Net Cash flows from operating activities 
-438,560 
--- 
-99,575 
4,806 
3,892 
Net Cash flows from financing activities 
-5,348,136 
--- 
1,637,203 
152,230 
27,408 
Net Cash flow from investing activities 
11,067,218 
--- 
-594,517 
-157,036 
-31,300 
 
 
 
There is no description of any qualifications in the audit report for the Issuer’s audited financial statements as of 
and for the period 1 November 2020 – 31 December 2020 or the Company’s audited carve-out combined 
financial statements as of and for the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
What are the key risk factors that are specific 
to the issuer 
Key risks related to the Issuer: 
 
The Company is newly established with limited operating 
history. Risks that may materialise in relation to a newly 
established Company with limited operating history, include, but 
are not limited to, implementation of systems, routines and/or 
other integration measures taking a longer time and/or being 
costlier than anticipated. Furthermore, return calculations, budgets 
and accounting based on forecasts and assumptions change or 
vary over time and there can be no assurance that the actual 
results of the Company and its portfolio companies will be in line 
with the Company’s current calculations and budgets.

--- Page 170 ---
Aker Horizons ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
6  
The Company may fail to execute, or change, its strategy. The 
Company has an ambition to grow and expand further beyond its 
current portfolio. The Company may, however, due to, inter alia, 
external factors or internal decisions, fail to execute or change its 
current strategy and pursue alternative strategies. 
 
The value of the Company’s shareholdings and other 
investments is exposed to share price risks. Four of the 
Company’s investments (ACC, AOW, ACH and REC Silicon) are 
separately admitted to trading on Euronext Growth (Oslo) (ACC, 
AOW and ACH)/Oslo Børs (REC Silicon) and hence changes in 
the share prices of the portfolio companies affect the Company’s 
net asset value. 
 
 
Key information on the securities 
Disclosure requirements 
Disclosure 
What are the main features of the securities 
 
Description of the securities, including ISIN 
code. 
[●] 
Currency for the bond issue 
[●] 
Borrowing Limit and Borrowing Amount  
 [● tranche] 
[●] 
Denomination – Each Bond 
[●] 
Any restrictions on the free transferability of 
the securities. 
[●] 
Description of the rights attached to the 
securities, limitations to those rights and 
ranking of the securities. 
[●] 
Information about Issue and Maturity Date, 
interest rate, instalment and representative 
of the bondholders 
[●] 
Status of the bonds and security 
[●] 
Where will the securities be traded 
 
Indication as to whether the securities 
offered are or will be the object of an 
application for admission to trading. 
[●]  
What are the key risks that are specific to the 
securities 
 
Most material key risks 
Risk related to the Bonds not being secured 
The Bonds are unsecured. Rights to receive payment on the 
Bonds in a default situation will therefore be subject to all secured 
lenders first receiving due payment. Any indebtedness of the 
Company towards secured creditors may furthermore exceed the 
value of the Company’s assets, in which case the Bondholders 
may not receive any payment on the Bonds in a default situation, 
and accordingly lose their entire investment. As a result of being 
unsecured the trading price of the Bonds may also be subject to 
higher volatility, which may have a material adverse effect on any 
investment in the Bonds. 
 
The Company's indebtedness under the Bonds 
Following the issuance of the Bonds, the Company will have 
substantial indebtedness which could have negative 
consequences for the bondholders as: 
i. 
the Company may be more vulnerable to general 
adverse economic and industry conditions; 
ii. 
the Company may be at a competitive disadvantage 
compared to its competitors with less indebtedness or 
comparable indebtedness at more favourable interest 
rates and as a result, it may not be better positioned than 
its competitors to withstand economic downturns; and 
iii. 
the Company’s ability to refinance indebtedness may be 
limited or the associated costs may increase. 
 
At maturity of the Bonds, the Company will have to refinance its

--- Page 171 ---
Aker Horizons ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
7  
outstanding debt under the Bonds or otherwise be required to 
dispose of substantial assets in order to repay the Bonds. The 
Company’s ability to successfully refinance such debt is 
dependent on the conditions of the financial markets in general at 
such time. As a result of the above, the Company’s access to 
financing sources at a particular time may not be available on 
favourable terms, or at all. The Company’s inability to refinance its 
debt obligations on favourable terms, or at all, could have a 
material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial 
condition as well as the Group's result of operations. 
 
Dependency on subsidiaries, portfolio companies, 
associates and joint ventures to pay amounts due 
The Company’s ability to pay any amounts due on the Bonds is, 
to a significant extent, dependent on the financial performance of 
its subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures and will depend 
upon the level of distributions, interest payments and loan 
repayments, if any, received from such entities, any amounts 
received on disposals of assets and equity holdings and the level 
of cash balances. Certain of the Group's portfolio companies, are 
and may, from time to time, be subject to restrictions on their 
ability to make distributions and loans including as a result of 
restrictive covenants in loan agreements, foreign exchange and 
other regulatory restrictions and agreements with the other 
shareholders of such subsidiaries or associated undertakings. 
 
 
Key information on the admission to trading on a regulated marked 
Disclosure requirements 
Disclosure 
Under which conditions and timetable can I 
invest in this security? 
 [●] 
 
The estimate of total expenses related to the admission to 
trading, please see clause 13.4.5 in the Base Prospectus. 
 
[/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Listing fee Oslo Børs [●] 
Registration fee Oslo Børs [●] 
 
Why is the prospectus being produced 
In connection with listing of the securities on the Oslo Børs. 
Reasons for the admission to trading on a 
regulated marked and use of. 
Use of proceeds [●] 
 
Estimated net amount of the proceeds [●] 
 
Description of material conflicts of interest to 
the issue including conflicting interests. 
[●]

--- Page 172 ---
Aker Horizons ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
8  
2 Detailed information about the security 
 
Generally: 
 
ISIN code: 
[ISIN] 
 
 
The Loan/The Bonds: 
[Title of the bond issue] 
 
 
Borrower/Issuer: 
Aker Horizons ASA registered in the Norwegian Companies Registry 
with registration number 925 978 558. The Company’s LEI code is 
549300SX4Z9T612Q0N59. 
 
 
Group: 
Means the Issuer and its subsidiaries from time to time. 
 
Security Type: 
[Un]secured [open] bond issue with [fixed/floating] rate 
 
Borrowing Limit – Tap Issue: 
[Currency]  
[Amount borrowing limit]  
 
 
Borrowing Amount [●] tranche: 
[Currency]   
 [Amount [●] tranche]  
 
 
  
Denomination – Each bond: 
[Currency] 
[Amount denomination] - each and ranking pari 
passu among themselves 
 
 
Securities Form: 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 13.1. 
 
 
Publication: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.2. 
 
 
Issue Price: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
[Issue price] % 
 
 
Disbursement Date/Issue Date: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
[Issue date] 
 
 
Maturity Date: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
[Maturity Date] 
 
 
Interest Rate: 
 
Interest Bearing from and Including: 
[Issue date 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Interest Bearing To: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
[Maturity Date] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
Floating rate: [NIBOR] [3 / 6 / 12] months  
 
[description of Reference Rate] 
 
Relevant Screen Page: [Relevant Screen Page] 
 
Specified time: [specified time] 
 
Information about the past and future performance and volatility of the 
Reference Rate is available at [Relevant Screen Page / other: (specify)] 
 
Fallback provisions: [Provisions] 
 
/ Other: (specify)]

--- Page 173 ---
Aker Horizons ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
9  
 
/ Fixed Rate: N/A] 
 
 
Margin: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
Floating Rate: [Margin] % p.a. 
 
/ Fixed Interest: N/A 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Interest Rate: 
[Bond issue with floating rate (as defined in the Base Prospectus section 
13.3): [Reference Rate + Margin] % p.a. 
 
Current Interest Rate: [current interest rate] 
 
/ Bond Issue with fixed rate (as defined in the Base Prospectus section 
13.3): [Interest rate] % p.a. 
 
 
 
Day Count Convention: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
/ Fixed Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
 
 
Day Count Fraction – Secondary 
Market: 
[Floating Rate: As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.5.1.a 
/ Fixed Rate: As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.5.2.a  
 
 
 
Interest Determination Date: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3.  
 
Interest Rate Determination Date: [Interest Rate Determination Date(s)] 
each year.  
 
/ Fixed rate: N/A 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Interest Rate Adjustment Date: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3.  
 
/ Fixed rate: N/A] 
 
 
Interest Payment Date: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.5.1 (FRN) / section 13.5.2 (fixed rate) 
 
Interest Payment Date: [Date(s)] each year.  
 
The first Interest Payment Date is [Date].  
 
 
#Days first term: 
[Number of interest days] days 
 
 
Yield: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
The Yield is [yield]  
 
 
Business Day: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Amortisation and Redemption: 
 
Redemption: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and as specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.3, 13.5.1.b and 13.5.2.b. 
 
The Maturity Date is [maturity date] 
 
 
Call Option: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
[terms of the call option]

--- Page 174 ---
Aker Horizons ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
10  
 
Call Date(s): [call date(s)] 
 
Call Price(s): [call price(s)] 
 
Call Notice Period: [call notice period] 
 
Put Option: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
[terms of the put option] 
 
Early redemption option due to a tax 
event: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
[terms of the call option] 
 
 
Obligations: 
 
Issuer’s special obligations during the 
term of the Bond Issue: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.6. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Listing: 
 
Listing of the Bond Issue/Marketplace: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.5. 
 
Exchange for listing of the Bonds: [Exchange] 
 
/ The Bonds will not be applied for listing on any Exchange. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Any restrictions on the free 
transferability of the securities: 
 
As specified in the Base prospectus section 13.4.10. 
 
Restrictions on the free transferability of the securities: [specify] 
 
 
Purpose/Use of proceeds: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.1. 
 
Estimated total expenses related to the offer: [specify] 
 
Estimated net amount of the proceeds: [specify] 
 
Use of proceeds: [specify] 
 
[Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Prospectus and Listing fees: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.5. 
 
Listing fees: [specify] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Market-making: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
[A market-making agreement has been entered into between the Issuer 
and [name of market maker]] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Approvals: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.9. 
 
Date of the Board of Directors’ approval: [date] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Bond Terms: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.7.

--- Page 175 ---
Aker Horizons ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
11  
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with 
the CSD, the Bondholders are bound by the Bond Terms and any other 
Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or 
formalities to be complied with by the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, 
the Issuer or any other party. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Status and security: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.5.  
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Negative pledge: 
[If applicable: As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.2. 
 
Details of the negative pledge clause 
 
/ if not applicable: Not Applicable] 
 
 
Bondholders’ meeting/ 
Voting rights: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Availability of the Documentation: 
https://www.akerhorizons.com/    
 
 
Bookrunners: 
[name of Bookrunners] 
 
 
Bond Trustee: 
As defined in the Base prospectus section 13.3. 
 
Paying Agent: 
As defined in the Base prospectus section 13.3. 
 
The Paying Agent is [name of the Paying Agent] 
 
 
Securities Depository / CSD: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.5 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Calculation Agent: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
/ Other: (specify)]  
 
 
Listing fees: 
Prospectus fee for the Base Prospectus including template for Final 
Terms is NOK 101,000. 
 
[Listing and other fees at the Exchange: (specify)  
 
/ No listing: N/A]

--- Page 176 ---
Aker Horizons ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
12  
3 Additional information 
Advisor 
[The Issuer has mandated [name of Bookrunners] as Bookrunners for the issuance of the Loan. The Bookrunners 
have acted as advisor[s] to the Issuer in relation to the pricing of the Loan. 
 
The Bookrunners will be able to hold position in the Loan.  
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Interests and conflicts of interest 
[The involved persons in the Issuer or offer of the Bonds have no interest, nor conflicting interests that are 
material to the Bond Issue. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Rating 
[There is no official rating of the Loan. 
 
The Issuer is rated as follows: 
Standard & Poor’s: [•] 
Moody’s: [•] 
 
/ Other: (specify)]  
 
Listing of the Loan: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3] 
 
The Prospectus will be published in [country]. An application for listing at [Exchange] will be sent as soon as 
possible after the Issue Date. Each bond is negotiable. 
 
Statement from the Bookrunners: 
[name of Bookrunners] have assisted the Issuer in preparing the prospectus. The Bookrunners have not verified 
the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is 
made, and the Bookrunners expressively disclaim[s] any legal or financial liability as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information contained in this prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with 
bonds issued by the Issuer or their distribution. The statements made in this paragraph are without prejudice to 
the responsibility of the Issuer. Each person receiving this prospectus acknowledges that such person has not 
relied on the Bookrunners nor on any person affiliated with them in connection with its investigation of the 
accuracy of such information or its investment decision. 
 
[place], [date] 
 
 
[name of Bookrunners] 
[web address of Bookrunners]

--- Page 177 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
59
Annex 4 Current legal structure of the Group

--- Page 178 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
60
Annex 5 Holdings 
Entities in which the Company, as of the date of this Prospectus, holds (directly or indirectly) more than 10% of 
the outstanding capital and votes (dormant companies are not included). 
 
 
 
 
 
Name 
Country of  
Incorporation 
Holding 
Aker Horizons Holding AS 
Norway 
99.8% 
Aker Renewable Power AS 
Norway 
100% 
Aker Carbon Capture AS 
Norway 
51% 
Aker Carbon Capture UK Limited 
UK 
51% 
Aker Carbon Capture Denmark A/S 
Denmark 
51% 
Aker Carbon Capture Norway AS 
Norway 
51% 
Aker Offshore Wind AS 
Aker Offshore Wind AS Operating Company AS 
Norway 
Norway 
51% 
51% 
Aker Offshore Wind USA AS 
Korean Floating Wind Power Co. Limited 
East Blue Power Co. Limited 
Norway 
Korea 
Korea 
51% 
15.6% 
14% 
Vestavindar Offshore Wind AS 
Norway 
51% 
Sønnavindar Offshore Wind AS 
Norway 
51% 
Nordavindar Offshore Wind AS 
Principle Power Inc. 
Norway 
USA 
51% 
24% 
Aker Offshore Wind USA LLC 
Red Coast Offshore Wind LLC 
Norway 
USA 
51% 
25.5% 
REC Silicon ASA 
Norway 
24.7% 
Aker MRP Holding AS 
Norway 
100% 
Aker Mainstream Renewables AS  
Mainstream Renewable Power Limited 
Norway 
Ireland 
75% 
75% 
Mainstream Renewables Holding AS 
Norway 
75% 
AH ÅTTE AS 
Rainpower Holding AS 
Norway 
Norway 
100% 
100% 
Rainpower Technology AS 
Norway 
100% 
Rainpower AS 
Norway 
100% 
Hymatek Controls AS 
Norway 
100% 
Rainpower Norge 
Norway 
100% 
Rainpower Hangzhou Co. 
China 
100% 
Rainpower Kristinehamn AB 
Sweden 
100% 
Rainpower Peru S.A.C 
Peru 
100% 
Rainpower Switzerland AG 
Switzerland 
100% 
Rainpower Hydro Enerji ve Ticaret Limited 
Sirketi 
Turkey 
100% 
SuperNode Holding AS 
SuperNode Ltd. 
Norway 
Ireland 
100% 
49.9% 
Aker Clean Hydrogen AS 
Norway 
77.2% 
Aker Clean Hydrogen Operating Company AS 
Norway 
77.2% 
Aker Clean Hydrogen Holding AS 
Norway 
77.2% 
AH FIRE AS 
Norway 
77.2% 
AH FEM AS 
Norway 
77.2% 
AH Green Ammonia Berlevåg AS 
Norway 
38.6%

--- Page 179 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
61
AH SYV AS 
Norway 
100% 
Greenstat AS 
Norway 
17.1% 
Mainstream Nominees Ltd 
Ireland 
75% 
Mainstream Renewable Power Group Finance 
Ltd 
Ireland 
75% 
International Mainstream Renewable Power 
Ltd 
Ireland 
75% 
International Mainstream Renewable Power 
(Offshore) Ltd 
Ireland 
75% 
Andes Mainstream SpA 
Chile 
75% 
AR Ckani SpA 
Chile 
75% 
AM Eólica San Manuel SpA 
Chile 
75% 
AR Coihue SpA 
Chile 
75% 
AM Eólica Laguna Verde SA 
Chile 
75% 
Agua Verde Eólica SpA 
Chile 
75% 
Estancia Solar SpA 
Chile 
75% 
AM Limonares SpA 
Chile 
75% 
Minera Santa Julia SpA 
Chile 
75% 
Rio Escondido Solar SpA 
Chile 
75% 
Santa Marta Solar SpA 
Chile 
75% 
Andes Mainstream Renewable Power II 
Spain 
75% 
MRP Generacion SpA 
Chile 
75% 
Colombia Mainstream Renewable Power SL 
Spain 
75% 
Andes Pacific Mainstream Renewable Power III Spain 
75% 
Mainstream Colombia S.A.S. 
Colombia 
75% 
Bicali Investments S.L. 
Spain 
75% 
Denef Investments S.L. 
Spain 
75% 
Huemul Inversiones SpA 
Chile 
75% 
Copihue Iversiones SpA 
Chile 
75% 
Condor Inversiones SpA 
Chile 
75% 
Copihue Energia SpA 
Chile 
75% 
Condor Energia SpA 
Chile 
75% 
Cophiue Energia SpA 
Chile 
75% 
AR Caman SpA 
Chile 
75% 
AR Escondido SpA 
Chile 
75% 
AR Cerro Tigre SpA 
Chile 
75% 
AR Alena SpA 
Chile 
75% 
AR Tchamma SpA 
Chile 
75% 
Huemul Energi SpA 
Chile 
75% 
AR Pampa SpA 
Chile 
75% 
AR Valle Escondido 
Chile 
75% 
AR Alto Loa Spa 
Chile 
75% 
AR Puelche Sur SpA 
Chile 
75% 
AR Llanos del Viento SpA 
Chile 
75% 
Canada Mainstream Renewable Power Ltd 
Canada 
75% 
Shady Oaks Windfarm LLC 
USA 
75% 
Boone County LLC 
USA 
75% 
GSG 5 LLC 
USA 
75% 
Luceme Wind Farm Inc 
USA 
75% 
Luceme Wind Farm Phase 1 Inc 
USA 
75%

--- Page 180 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
62
US Mainstream Renewable Power Inc. 
USA 
75% 
Luxembourg 
Mainstream 
Childe 
Holdings 
S.a.r.l. 
Luxembourg 
75% 
Mainstream Renewable Power Malta Holdings 
Ltd 
Malta 
75% 
Aquila Renewable Ltd 
UK 
30% 
Luxembourg 
Mainstream 
Chile 
Mezzanine 
S.a.r.l. 
Luxembourg 
75% 
Liguria 1 Limited 
Mauritis 
30% 
Luxembourg Mainstream Green River Phase 2 
Luxembourg 
75% 
Luxembourg Mainstream Green River Phase 1 
Luxembourg 
75% 
Mainstream Renewable Power Group Treasury 
Ltd 
Ireleand 
75% 
Luxembourg Mainstream Renewable Power 
S.a.r.l. 
Luxembourg 
75% 
South Africa MRP Developments (Pty) Ltd 
South Africa 
75% 
Graskoppies Wind (Pty) Ltd 
South Africa 
75% 
South Africa MRP De Aar PV2 (Pty) Ltd 
South Africa 
75% 
South Africa Mainstream Douglas Solar (Pty) 
Ltd 
South Africa 
75% 
South Africa Mainstream Droogfontein PV 3 
(Pty) Ltd 
South Africa 
75% 
Waaihoek Wind Farm (Pty) Ltd 
South Africa 
75% 
Dwarsrug Wind Farm (Pty) Ltd 
South Africa 
75% 
Koeris Wind (Pty) Ltd 
South Africa 
75% 
Mainstream Renewable Power Mexico Holdings 
B.V. 
Netherlands 
75% 
Energias Renovables de Durango S. de R.L. de 
C.V. 
Mexico 
45% 
Mainstream Renewable Power Mexico S. de  
R.L. de C.V. 
Mexico 
75% 
Mainstream 
Renewable 
Power 
Offshore 
Holdings Ltd 
Ireland 
75% 
Mainstream Asset Management South Africa 
(Pty) Ltd 
South Africa 
75% 
Chile Mainstream Ren. Power Construction SpA Chile 
75% 
Mainstream Renewable Power Vietnam LLC 
Vietnam 
75% 
Supply Lite Ireland Ltd 
Ireland 
75% 
Caherciveen Holdings Ltd 
Ireland 
75% 
Mainstream 
Renewable 
Power 
Ireland 
Developments Ltd 
Ireland 
75% 
Mainstream Renewable Power Africa Holdings 
Ltd 
Ireleand 
25.5% 
Lekela Power B.V. 
Netherlands 
10.2% 
Luxembourg Mainstream Africa Holdings Sarl 
Luxembourg 
75% 
Mainstream 
Renewable 
Power 
Mezzanine 
Finance DAC 
Ireland 
75% 
Electrifying Africa Ltd 
Ireland 
75% 
Mainstream Renewable Power Services Ltd 
Ireland 
75% 
Mainstream Renewable Power Trade Finance 
DAC 
Ireland 
75% 
UK Mainstream Renewable Power Ltd 
UK 
75% 
Horizont I Development GmBH 
Germany 
75% 
Horizont II Development GmBH 
Germany 
75%

--- Page 181 ---
Aker Horizons ASA, 16 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
63
 
Horizont III Development GmBH 
Germany 
75% 
Mainstream Renewable Power Philippines 
Holdings BV 
Netherlands 
75% 
Cornerstone Energy Development Inc 
Philippines 
30% 
MRP Philippines Services Corporation 
Philippines 
30% 
Mainstream Renewable Power Australia Pty Ltd Australia 
75% 
Mainstream Phu Cuong Company Ltd 
Vietnam 
52.5% 
MRP Ben Tre Holdings 1 Pte. Ltd. 
Singapore 
75% 
MRP Ben Tre Holdings 2 Pte. Ltd. 
Singapore 
75% 
MRP Dak Nong Holdings 1 Pte. Ltd. 
Singapore 
75% 
MRP Dak Nong Holdings 1 Pte. Ltd. 
Singapore 
75% 
Mainstream Renewable Power Asia Holdings 
Pte Ltd 
Singapore 
75%