--- Page 1 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
1 
 
 
OFFERING CIRCULAR 
 
Aker BP ASA 
(incorporated as a public limited liability company under the laws of Norway) 
€2,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this €2,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme), Aker BP ASA (the 
Issuer) may from time to time issue notes (the Notes) denominated in any currency agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form 
(respectively Bearer Notes and Registered Notes). The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes 
from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €2,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase 
as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of 
the Programme” and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer 
(each a Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing 
basis.  References in this Offering Circular to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes 
being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such 
Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks.  For a discussion of these 
risks see “Risk Factors”. 
This Offering Circular has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du 
Secteur Financier (the CSSF), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation).  The CSSF only approves this Offering Circular as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation.  Approval by the CSSF should not 
be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes.  Investors should make their 
own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
By approving this Offering Circular, in accordance with Article 20 of the Prospectus Regulation, the CSSF 
assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this 
Offering Circular or the quality or solvency of the Issuer. Application has been made to the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
References in this Offering Circular to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such 
Notes have been admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and have been 
admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 
(Directive 2014/65/EU). 
This Offering Circular (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months 
from its date (up to and including 29 April 2021) in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA).  The obligation to 
supplement this Offering Circular in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy does not apply when this Offering Circular is no longer valid.

--- Page 2 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
2 
 
 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to 
be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in 
circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
References in this Offering Circular to Exempt Notes are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation and the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA). 
The CSSF has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Offering Circular in connection 
with Exempt Notes. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue 
price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will (other than in the case of Exempt Notes, as defined above) be set 
out in a final terms document (the Final Terms) which will be filed with the CSSF.  
Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). In the case of Exempt Notes, 
notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price 
of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche will be set out in a pricing 
supplement document (the Pricing Supplement).  
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other 
or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.  The 
Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market.  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
Securities Act) or any U.S. State securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or 
for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act unless an 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in accordance with all 
applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and any other jurisdiction.  See “Form of the 
Notes” for a description of the manner in which Notes will be issued.   
The Issuer has been rated BBB- (stable outlook) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P), Baa3 
(stable outlook) by Moody’s Investors Service Limited (Moody’s) and BBB- (stable outlook) by Fitch 
Ratings Limited (Fitch).  
S&P is established in the EEA and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
CRA Regulation). As such, S&P is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. S&P is not established in the United Kingdom 
(UK) but it is part of a group in respect of which one of its undertakings is (i) established in the UK, and (ii) 
is registered in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation (as defined below). Accordingly the ratings issued 
by S&P have been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation and have not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by S&P may be used for regulatory 
purposes in the UK in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
 
Each of Moody’s and Fitch is established in the UK and is registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the UK CRA Regulation). Neither Moody’s nor Fitch is established in the EEA and neither Moody’s nor 
Fitch has applied for registration under the CRA Regulation. The ratings issued by Moody’s and Fitch have 
been endorsed by Moody's Deutschland GmbH and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, respectively in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation.  Each of Moody's Deutschland GmbH and Fitch Ratings Ireland 
Limited is established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation.  As such each of Moody's 
Deutschland GmbH and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by ESMA on its website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) 
in accordance with the CRA Regulation.

--- Page 3 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
3 
 
 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by any one or more of the rating agencies 
referred to above. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms (or 
Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned 
to the Issuer by the relevant rating agency. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by reference to one of the euro interbank offered 
rate (EURIBOR), Norwegian interbank offered rate (NIBOR) or Stockholm interbank offered rate 
(STIBOR) as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Offering Circular, each of 
European Money Markets Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR) and Norske Finansielle Referanser AS 
(as administrator of NIBOR) is included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of Regulation 
(EU) No. 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation).  As at the date of this Offering Circular, the 
Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility (as administrator of STIBOR) is not included in ESMA’s register of 
administrators under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that the administrator of 
STIBOR is not currently required to obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the European 
Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
  
Arranger 
NORDEA 
Dealers 
ABN AMRO 
BNP PARIBAS 
DANSKE BANK 
 NORDEA 
UNICREDIT 
 
The date of this Offering Circular is 29 April 2021.

--- Page 4 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
4 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Offering Circular comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes other than Exempt Notes 
issued under the Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation.  When used in 
this Offering Circular, Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and UK Prospectus 
Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA). 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Offering Circular and the Final 
Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the 
Issuer (having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case) the information contained in 
this Offering Circular is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the 
import of such information. 
This Offering Circular is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated in it by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”).  This Offering Circular 
shall be read and construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated and form part of this 
Offering Circular. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Offering 
Circular refers does not form part of this Offering Circular and has not been scrutinised or approved 
by the CSSF. 
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability 
is accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or 
incorporated in this Offering Circular or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection 
with the Programme. No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular or any other information provided by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Offering Circular or any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Offering Circular nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
or any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Offering 
Circular or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should 
purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own 
independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness, of the Issuer and the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole (the 
Group). Neither this Offering Circular nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or 
any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Offering Circular nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in 
any circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuer or the Group is 
correct at any time subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing 
the same. The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the

--- Page 5 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
5 
 
 
Issuer or the Group during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in Notes issued under 
the Programme of any information coming to their attention. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may include a legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of 
the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MIFID Product Governance Rules.  
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of 
the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a UK 
distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a UK distributor subject 
to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes

--- Page 6 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
6 
 
 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.  
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
(CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (the 
SFA) – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or the Pricing Supplement, in the 
case of Exempt Notes), all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital 
markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale 
of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).  
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS OFFERING CIRCULAR AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Offering Circular does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction.  
The distribution of this Offering Circular and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Offering Circular may be lawfully 
distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or 
other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering.  In particular, no action has been taken by the 
Issuer or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this 
Offering Circular in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.  Accordingly, no Notes may 
be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Offering Circular nor any advertisement or other 
offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will 
result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Offering 
Circular or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the 
distribution of this Offering Circular and the offering and sale of Notes.  In particular, there are restrictions 
on the distribution of this Offering Circular and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA 
(including Belgium and the Kingdom of Norway), the UK, Japan and Singapore, see “Subscription and 
Sale”. 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Presentation of Financial Information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Offering Circular relating to the Issuer has been 
derived from (i) the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the financial years 
ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 and (ii) the unaudited condensed consolidated interim 
financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the three months ended 31 March 2021 (together, the 
Financial Statements). 
The Issuer's financial year ends on 31 December, and references in this Offering Circular to any specific year 
are to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year. The Financial Statements have been 
prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU (IFRS) and 
the Norwegian Accounting Act.

--- Page 7 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
7 
 
 
Certain Defined Terms and Conventions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Offering Circular will have 
the meaning attributed to them in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” or any other section of this Offering 
Circular. In addition, the following terms as used in this Offering Circular have the meanings defined below:  
In this Offering Circular, all references to: 
 
U.S. dollars, U.S.$, USD and $ refer to United States dollars; 
 
Norwegian kroner and NOK refer to Norwegian kroner; 
 
Sterling and £ refer to pounds sterling; and  
 
euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended.  
References to a billion are to a thousand million. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Offering Circular have been subject to rounding 
adjustments; accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly 
and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which 
precede them. 
In this Offering Circular, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is 
a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors.  Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances.  In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Offering Circular or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency 
for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities.  Each 
potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are

--- Page 8 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
8 
 
 
legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes.  Financial institutions should consult their legal 
advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable 
risk-based capital or similar rules. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view 
to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail.  
However stabilisation may not necessarily occur.  Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the 
date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is 
made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after 
the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the 
relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 9 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
9 
 
 
CONTENTS 
Page 
Overview of the Programme ............................................................................................................................ 10 
Risk Factors ...................................................................................................................................................... 15 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ............................................................................................................ 40 
Form of the Notes ............................................................................................................................................. 42 
Applicable Final Terms .................................................................................................................................... 46 
Applicable Pricing Supplement ........................................................................................................................ 60 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes .................................................................................................................. 73 
Use of Proceeds .............................................................................................................................................. 110 
Description of the Issuer ................................................................................................................................. 111 
Taxation .......................................................................................................................................................... 127 
Subscription and Sale ..................................................................................................................................... 131 
General Information ....................................................................................................................................... 136

--- Page 10 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
10 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Offering Circular and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement).  The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other 
than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, in the case of Notes other than 
Exempt Notes, and if appropriate, a new Offering Circular or a supplement to the Offering Circular, will 
be published. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have 
the same meanings in this Overview. 
Issuer: 
Aker BP ASA 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
549300NFTY73920OYK69 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme.  In 
addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme and risks relating to the structure of a 
particular Series of Notes issued under the Programme.  All of 
these are set out under “Risk Factors”. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
Nordea Bank Abp  
Dealers: 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
 
BNP Paribas 
 
Danske Bank A/S 
Nordea Bank Abp 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and 
Sale”) including the following restrictions applicable at the date of 
this Offering Circular: 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds 
of the issue are accepted in the UK, constitute deposits for the 
purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in

--- Page 11 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
11 
 
 
section 19 of the FSMA unless they are issued to a limited class of 
professional investors and have a denomination of at least 
£100,000 or its equivalent. See “Subscription and Sale”. 
Principal Paying Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
Registrar and Transfer Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch 
Programme Size: 
Up to €2,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding 
at any time.  The Issuer may increase the amount of the 
Programme in accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, notes 
may be denominated in euro, Sterling, U.S. dollars, yen and any 
other currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws 
or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified 
Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes 
The Notes will be issued in either bearer or registered form as 
described in “Form of the Notes”.  Registered Notes will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice versa. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended 
and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes of the relevant Series); or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing 
Supplement).

--- Page 12 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
12 
 
 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, 
as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will 
be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated 
on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
In the case of Floating Rate Notes, if a Benchmark Event occurs, 
then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to 
determine a Successor Rate, failing which, an Alternative Rate 
and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread (if any) and any 
Benchmark Amendments, in accordance with and as further 
described in Condition 5.2(h).  
Exempt Notes: 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Exempt Notes may be 
issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes and this overview of the Programme, in which event the 
relevant provisions will be included in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement.  
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement) will indicate either that the 
relevant Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity 
(other than for taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) 
or that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer 
and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice to the Noteholders or 
the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to 
such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such other 
terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see “Certain 
Restrictions - Notes having a maturity of less than one year” 
above. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank 
(or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Specified Currency. (see “Certain Restrictions - Notes 
having a maturity of less than one year” above), and save that the

--- Page 13 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
13 
 
 
minimum denomination of each Note (other than an Exempt Note) 
will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency 
other than euro, the equivalent amounts in such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any 
Tax Jurisdiction as provided in Condition 8.  In the event that any 
such deduction is made, the Issuer will, save in certain limited 
circumstances provided in Condition 8, be required to pay 
additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as 
further described in Condition 4. 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision as 
further described in Condition 10. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu among 
themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be 
preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured obligations 
(other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, from 
time to time outstanding. 
Rating: 
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated.  Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be 
disclosed in the applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) and will not necessarily 
be the same as any ratings assigned to the Programme. A security 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating agency. 
Listing: 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document 
as a base prospectus. Application has also been made for Notes 
issued under the Programme to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange.  
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes 
which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market 
may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in 
the case of Exempt Notes) will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on 
which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law.

--- Page 14 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
14 
 
 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in 
the United States, the EEA (including Belgium and the Kingdom 
of Norway), the UK, Japan and Singapore and such other 
restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering and 
sale of a particular Tranche of Notes. See “Subscription and Sale”. 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not applicable, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes).

--- Page 15 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
15 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be unable 
to make all payments due in respect of the Notes.  There is a wide range of factors which individually or 
together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due.  It is not possible to identify 
all such factors or to determine which factors are most likely to occur, as the Issuer may not be aware of all 
relevant factors and certain factors which it currently deems not to be material may become material as a 
result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer's control. The Issuer has identified in this Offering 
Circular a number of factors which could materially adversely affect its business and ability to make 
payments due.   
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Offering Circular 
and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks relating to the oil and gas industry 
Our business depends significantly on the level of oil and gas prices, which are volatile, and are further 
subject to market expectations regarding such prices. If oil and gas prices decline, our results of 
operations, cash flows, financial condition and access to capital could be materially and adversely 
affected. 
Our revenues, cash flow, reserve estimates, profitability and rate of growth depend substantially on 
prevailing international and local prices of oil and gas. Because oil and gas are globally traded, we are unable 
to control the prices we receive for the oil and gas we produce. 
Oil and gas prices are volatile and are subject to significant fluctuations for many reasons, including, but not 
limited to: 
 
changes in global and regional supply and demand, and expectations regarding future supply and 
demand for oil and gas, even relatively minor changes; 
 
geopolitical uncertainty; 
 
availability of pipelines, tankers and other transportation and processing facilities; 
 
proximity to, and the capacity and cost of, transportation; 
 
petroleum refining capacity; 
 
price, availability and government subsidies of alternative fuels; 
 
price and availability of new technologies; 
 
the ability and willingness of the members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries 
(OPEC) and other oil-producing nations to set and maintain specified levels of production and 
prices;

--- Page 16 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
16 
 
 
 
political, economic and military developments in producing regions, particularly the Middle East, 
Russia, Africa and Central and South America, and domestic and foreign governmental regulations 
and actions, including import and export restrictions, taxes, repatriations and nationalisations; 
 
global and regional economic conditions; 
 
trading activities by market participants and others either seeking to secure access to oil and gas or to 
hedge against commercial risks, or as part of investment portfolio activity; 
 
weather conditions and natural disasters; and 
 
terrorism or the threat of terrorism, cyber security attacks, war or threat of war, which may affect 
supply, transportation or demand for hydrocarbons and refined petroleum products. 
It is inherently difficult to accurately predict future oil and gas price movements. Historically, crude oil 
prices have been highly volatile and subject to large fluctuations in response to relatively minor changes in 
the demand for oil. For example, during the first half of 2020, oil prices dipped below approximately $19.33 
per barrel and rose to approximately $42.80 per barrel by 30 June 2020. Crude oil prices fell significantly in 
March 2020, due to a supply surplus from OPEC+ members occurring simultaneously with a collapse in 
demand due to the impact of the COVID-19 (as defined below) pandemic. Crude oil prices slightly 
recovered in the second quarter of 2020 primarily due to the announcement that OPEC+ would cut 
production starting 1 May 2020. Since then OPEC+, and particularly Saudi Arabia, has extended production 
cuts and the oil price reached approximately $51.09 by year-end 2020. By 15 March 2021, the oil price had 
rallied to approximately $68.39. 
Our profitability is determined in large part by the difference between the income received from the oil and 
gas that we produce and our operational costs, taxation, and costs incurred in transporting and selling the oil 
and gas. Therefore, lower prices for oil and gas may reduce the amount of oil and gas that we are able to 
produce economically, or may reduce the economic viability of the production levels of specific wells or of 
projects planned or in development, to the extent that production costs exceed anticipated revenue from such 
production. This may result in us having to make substantial downward adjustments to our oil and gas 
reserves, which in turn may have a material adverse effect on our income and profitability and ultimately our 
ability to make timely payments on the Notes. See “— Sustained lower oil and gas prices or future price 
declines could result in a reduction in the carrying value of our assets, which could adversely affect our 
results of operations and ultimately our ability to make timely payments on the Notes.” 
The economics of producing from some wells and assets may also result in a reduction in the volumes of our 
reserves which can be produced commercially, resulting in decreases to our reported commercial reserves. 
Further reductions in commodity prices may result in a reduction in the volumes of our reported reserves. 
We might also elect not to produce from certain wells at lower prices, or the other licence participants may 
not want to continue production regardless of our position. All of these factors could result in a material 
decrease in our net production revenue, causing a reduction in our oil and gas exploration and development 
activities and acquisition of reserves. In addition, certain development projects could become unprofitable as 
a result of a decline in price and could result in us having to postpone or cancel a planned project, or if it is 
not possible to cancel the project, carry out the project with negative economic impact. Further, a reduction 
in oil prices may lead our producing fields to be shut down and enter into the decommissioning phase earlier 
than estimated. Changes in oil and gas prices may therefore adversely affect our business, results of 
operations, cash flow, financial condition and prospects, and therefore our ability to service our obligations 
under the Notes. 
Sustained lower oil and gas prices or future price declines could result in a reduction in the carrying 
value of our assets, which could adversely affect our results of operations and by extension the market 
value of the Notes.

--- Page 17 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
17 
 
 
Sustained lower oil and gas prices may cause us to make substantial downward adjustments to our oil and 
gas reserves. If this occurs, or if our estimates of production or economic factors change, we may be required 
to write-down, as a non-cash charge to earnings, the carrying value of our proved oil and gas properties for 
impairments. For example, the sharp drop in global oil prices in 2020 caused an impairment charge of $653.7 
million in the first quarter of 2020. These impairments have subsequently been partly reversed, mainly as a 
result of increased oil and gas prices, resulting in a net impairment charge of $573.1 million for 2020 as a 
whole. Prices remain volatile and are lower than the industry had experienced prior to the recent decline. The 
COVID-19 pandemic and concerns about global economic growth have caused considerable uncertainty in 
the market for crude oil, natural gas and other commodities, lowering demand forecasts. If the business and 
other economic interruptions caused by COVID-19 last longer than we expect, oil prices may decline further.  
Accounting rules applicable to us require that we periodically review the book value of our properties and 
goodwill for possible impairment. Based on specific market factors and circumstances at the time of 
prospective impairment reviews and the continuing evaluation of development plans, production data, 
economics and other factors, we have in the past been required, and may in the future be required to, write 
down the carrying value of our oil and natural gas properties or goodwill to the extent that such tests indicate 
that the carrying value may not be recoverable due to a reduction of the estimated useful life or estimated 
future cash flows of our oil and natural gas properties. Such write-downs constitute a non-cash charge 
against current earnings. 
Adverse changes to commodity prices could cause us to record additional impairments (on top of the 
additional impairments we have accounted for) of our oil and gas properties and goodwill in future periods, 
which could materially adversely affect our results of operations in the period incurred, and by extension the 
market value of the Notes. 
We may not be able to obtain sufficient financing for our operational needs. 
As a result of disruptions in the credit markets and higher capital requirements, as well as the perceived risks 
of financing industries such as oil and gas, many lenders have increased margins on lending rates, enacted 
tighter lending standards, required more restrictive terms (including higher collateral ratios for advances, 
shorter maturities and smaller loan amounts), or have refused to refinance existing debt at all. Additional 
tightening of capital requirements, and the resulting policies adopted by lenders, could further reduce lending 
activities in general, and to oil and gas companies such as us in particular. We may experience difficulties 
obtaining financing commitments or be unable to fully draw on the capacity under committed loans we 
arrange in the future if our lenders are unwilling to extend financing to us or unable to meet their funding 
obligations due to their own liquidity, capital or solvency issues. Additionally, adverse changes to 
commodity prices could reduce our ability to refinance our outstanding indebtedness, including the Notes, in 
the event lenders or investors reduce their exposure to the oil and gas sector in response to such adverse 
changes. We cannot be certain that financing will be available on acceptable terms or at all. If financing is 
not available when needed, or is available only on unfavourable terms, we may be unable to meet our future 
obligations as they fall due as well as being unable to make necessary investments to secure the future 
profitability of our business. Our failure to obtain such funds could therefore have a material adverse effect 
on our business, results of operations and financial condition, as well as our ability to service our obligations 
under the Notes. 
Our business, results of operations and our ability to make timely payments under the Notes may be 
adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic or other similar pandemics. 
In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus (COVID-19) surfaced in Wuhan, China. The spread of this 
virus globally has caused significant business disruption, volatility in international debt and equity markets 
and disruption to the global economy. There is significant uncertainty around the breadth and duration of 
business disruptions related to COVID-19, as well as its impact on the global economy. The extent to which 
COVID-19 impacts our results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and difficult 
to predict, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the

--- Page 18 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
18 
 
 
actions taken or being continued to contain it or treat its impact, including vaccination campaigns which 
have recently begun in some jurisdictions. These developments, including the effectiveness and availability 
of vaccines, the ability of governments to roll out vaccines and the willingness of populations to be 
vaccinated, are all uncertain. 
As a result of COVID-19 or other similar pandemics or adverse public health developments, particularly in 
Norway, our operations may experience delays or disruptions, such as the temporary suspension of 
operations at one or more of our operating facilities.  In addition, we have implemented other measures to 
minimize the risk to people and operations from the COVID-19 pandemic, including reduced offshore 
manning, social distancing, travel restrictions and working from home. If significant portions of our 
workforce are unable to work effectively, including because of illness, quarantines, government actions, 
facility closures or other restrictions in connection with COVID-19, our business, financial condition, results 
of operations and our ability to make timely payments under the Notes could be materially and adversely 
affected. 
If the business interruptions caused by COVID-19 last longer than we expect, we may continue to seek other 
sources of liquidity, and there can be no guarantee that additional liquidity will be readily available or 
available on favourable terms and in an amount sufficient to enable us to service and repay our indebtedness, 
including the Notes, or to fund our other liquidity needs. A shortage of liquidity and credit could trigger a 
worldwide economic recession, which could be exacerbated by adverse developments in global or national 
political and macroeconomic conditions. Any deterioration in financial markets could impair our ability to 
obtain financing in the future, including our ability to incur additional indebtedness to operate our ongoing 
operations, fund liquidity needs or to refinance the Notes. 
The extent to which COVID-19 will impact us remains uncertain due to numerous evolving factors that we 
are unable to predict. Although our production efficiency has remained high and has not been significantly 
impacted by COVID-19, the COVID-19 pandemic could have material adverse effects on our business, 
results of operations and financial condition, including, among other risks: 
 
delayed execution of projects or increased project costs due to governmental restrictions and 
measures put in place to safeguard employees and contractors, which may cause delays in expected 
future cashflow; 
 
increased currency and interest volatility and/or reduced access to external capital; 
 
resource limitations in business critical teams and loss of production volume due to the 
unavailability of qualified personnel, third party utilities or spare parts; 
 
increased cyber security threats as a result of phishing campaigns and targeted attacks while a larger 
number of our employees work remotely; and 
 
potential permanent reduction in demand for oil and gas. 
Any of the foregoing risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of 
operations and our ability to make timely payments under the Notes. 
We are dependent on finding, acquiring, developing and producing oil and gas reserves that are 
economically recoverable. Unless we replace our oil and natural gas reserves, our reserves and production 
will decline, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and 
therefore ultimately our ability to service our obligations under the Notes. 
Oil and gas exploration and production activities are capital intensive and inherently uncertain in their 
outcome. Significant expenditure is required to establish the extent of oil and gas reserves through seismic 
and other surveys and drilling and there can be no certainty that further commercial quantities of oil and gas

--- Page 19 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
19 
 
 
will be discovered or acquired by us. Our existing and future oil and gas appraisal and exploration projects 
may therefore involve unprofitable efforts, either from dry wells or from wells that are productive but do not 
produce sufficient net revenues to return a profit after development, operating and other costs. Few prospects 
that are explored are ultimately developed into producing oil and gas fields. Even if we are able to discover 
or acquire commercial quantities of oil and gas in the future, there can be no assurance that these will be 
commercially developed. 
Completion of a well does not guarantee a profit on the investment or recovery of the costs associated with 
that well. Additionally, the cost of operations and production from successful wells may be materially 
adversely affected by unusual or unexpected geological formation pressures, oceanographic conditions, 
hazardous weather conditions, delays in obtaining governmental approvals or consents, shut-ins of connected 
wells, difficulties arising from environmental or other challenges or other factors. Any inability on our part 
to recover our costs and generate profits from our exploration and production activities could have a material 
adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flow, financial condition and ultimately our ability 
to service our obligations under the Notes. 
Additionally, production from oil and natural gas reservoirs, particularly in the case of mature fields, is 
generally characterised by declining production rates that vary depending upon reservoir characteristics and 
other factors. The rate of decline will change if production from existing wells declines in a different manner 
than we have estimated and can change under other circumstances. Thus, our future oil and natural gas 
reserves and production and, therefore, our cash flow and results of operations, are highly dependent upon 
our success in efficiently developing and exploiting our current properties and economically finding or 
acquiring additional recoverable reserves. We may not be able to develop, find or acquire additional reserves 
to replace our current and future production at acceptable costs. If we are unable to replace our current and 
future production, the value of our reserves may decrease, and our business, financial condition, results of 
operations and our ability to make timely payments under the Notes could be adversely affected. 
Exploration and production operations involve numerous operational risks and hazards which may result 
in material losses or additional expenditures. 
Developing oil and gas resources and reserves into commercial production involves a high degree of risk, 
and our operations are subject to the risks common in our industry. These hazards and risks include, but are 
not limited to, encountering unusual or unexpected rock formations or geological pressures, geological 
uncertainties, seismic shifts, blowouts, oil spills, uncontrollable flows of oil, gas or well fluids, explosions, 
fires, improper installation or operation of equipment and equipment damage or failure. 
Given the nature of our offshore operations, our exploration, production and drilling facilities are also 
subject to the hazards inherent in marine operations, such as capsizing, sinking, grounding and damage from 
severe storms or other severe weather conditions. 
The offshore operations conducted by us involve risks including, but not limited to, high pressure drilling, 
mechanical difficulties, or equipment failure which increase the risk of delays in drilling and of operational 
challenges arising, as well as material costs and liabilities occurring. 
If any of these events were to occur in relation to any of our licences, they could, among other adverse 
effects, result in environmental damage, injury to persons and loss of life and a failure to produce oil and/or 
gas in commercial quantities. They could also result in significant delays to drilling programmes, a partial or 
total shutdown of operations, significant damage to our equipment and equipment owned by third parties and 
personal injury or wrongful death claims being brought against us. These events can also put at risk some or 
all of our licences and could result in us incurring significant civil liability claims, significant fines or 
penalties as well as criminal sanctions potentially being enforced against us and/or our officers. We may also 
be required to curtail or cancel any operations on the occurrence of such events.

--- Page 20 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
20 
 
 
In our capacity as holder and operator of licences under the Norwegian Petroleum Act, we are subject to 
strict statutory liability in respect of losses or damage suffered as a result of pollution caused by spills or 
discharges of petroleum from facilities or otherwise resulting from our petroleum activities on the 
Norwegian continental shelf (NCS). The statutory regulations set out that anyone who suffers damage or loss 
as a result of pollution caused by any of the licence areas can claim compensation from us without needing 
to demonstrate that the damage is due to any fault on our part. Furthermore, the statutory regulations also 
restrict the right to claim recourse in cases where pollution damage is caused by our contractors’ or agents’ 
actions or omissions. As some fields in which we hold an interest straddle the boundary between the NCS 
and the United Kingdom Continental Shelf (UKCS), we could also be subject to UK law and regulations 
with respect to any incidents in those fields. 
Any of the above circumstances could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, 
cash flow, financial condition and therefore our ability to service our obligations under the Notes. 
The market in which we operate is highly competitive. 
The oil and gas industry is very competitive. Competition is particularly intense in the acquisition of 
(prospective) oil and gas licences. Our competitive position depends on our geological, geophysical and 
engineering expertise, financial resources, ability to develop our assets and ability to select, acquire, and 
develop proved reserves. Many companies in the oil and gas industry not only engage in the acquisition, 
exploration, development and production of oil and gas reserves, but also carry on refining operations and 
market refined products. In addition, we compete with major oil and gas companies and other companies 
within industries supplying energy and fuel in the marketing and sale of oil and gas to transporters, 
distributors and end users, including industrial, commercial, and individual consumers. We also compete 
with other oil and gas companies in attempting to secure drilling rigs and other equipment necessary for 
drilling and completion of wells. Such equipment, and equipment and other materials necessary to construct 
production and transmission facilities, may be in short supply from time to time. Finally, companies and 
private equity firms without previous investments in oil and gas may choose to acquire reserves to establish a 
firm supply or simply as an investment. Any such companies may also constitute competition for us. Any of 
the above circumstances could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flow, 
financial condition and therefore our ability to service our obligations under the Notes. 
We may not be able to keep pace with technological developments in our industry. 
The oil and gas industry is characterised by rapid and significant technological advancements and the 
introduction of new products and services using new technologies. As others use or develop new 
technologies, we may be placed at a competitive disadvantage or may be forced by competitive pressures to 
implement those new technologies at substantial costs. In addition, other oil and gas companies may have 
greater financial, technical and personnel resources that allow them to enjoy technological advantages, which 
may in the future allow them to implement new technologies before we can. We may not be able to respond 
to these competitive pressures or implement new technologies on a timely basis or at an acceptable cost. If 
one or more of the technologies we use now or in the future were to become obsolete, our business, 
prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected, which in turn 
could have a material adverse effect on our ability to meet our payment obligations under the Notes. In 
addition, any new technology that we implement may have unanticipated or unforeseen adverse 
consequences, either to our business or to the industry as a whole. 
Our business and financial condition could be adversely affected if Norwegian tax regulations for the 
petroleum industry are amended. 
Through our development projects, we have built up a significant tax balance that can be utilized against 
future production revenues. There is no assurance that future political conditions in Norway will not result in 
the government adopting different policies for petroleum taxation. In the event there are changes to this tax 
regime, it could lead to new investments being less attractive and prevent or slow our future growth.

--- Page 21 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
21 
 
 
Furthermore, the amounts of taxes we must pay could also change significantly as a result of new 
interpretations of the relevant tax laws and regulations or changes to such laws and regulations. In addition, 
tax authorities could review and question our tax returns leading to additional taxes and tax penalties which 
could be material. 
Tax reforms may result in changes to the Norwegian tax system (which may include changes in the tax 
treatment of interest costs and withholding taxes) that may affect our current and future tax positions, net 
income after tax and financial condition and ultimately our ability to make timely payments under the Notes 
could be materially adversely affected. 
Separately, within the current tax regime, at any time at which we claim tax refunds for our exploration costs 
the Norwegian tax authorities may take a different view from us as to whether certain costs qualify as 
deductible exploration costs eligible for a tax refund, or the law may change as to what costs qualify as 
deductible exploration costs or whether a tax refund may be obtained in respect of such costs. In that event, 
we may not be able to claim tax refunds for all of our exploration costs, (including costs relating to our 
drilling units). To the extent our assumptions as to what tax refunds may be obtained in respect of 
exploration costs are wrong (due to a successful challenge by the tax authorities or a change in law), our 
results of operations, financial condition and ultimately our ability to make timely payments under the Notes 
could be materially adversely affected. 
Risks relating to our business 
Unexpected shutdowns may occur at one or more of our fields. 
We are sensitive to major and long-lasting shutdowns or technical issues on our producing fields. We have 
insurance in place in accordance with the requirements set by the Norwegian authorities for all assets 
covering physical damage, operators extra expense (OEE) and third party liability. In addition, we have loss 
of production insurance (LOPI) for 100 per cent. of our production from all of our producing fields except 
Valhall and Johan Sverdrup, where the LOPI is constrained by a combined single limit (CSL). A CSL is the 
maximum combined total amount that will be paid out, and if the loss on Valhall or Johan Sverdrup exceeds 
this limit, the claim payout may not be sufficient to provide full LOPI coverage. The LOPI insurance is not a 
legal requirement and is subject to discussions at every policy renewal. However, the insurance programme 
we have in place may be insufficient to offset the impact of any major incident of any of the fields. A 
significant shutdown or other serious technical issues at our producing fields, or other issues relating to our 
oil and gas production causing a large reduction in production levels, may materially affect our profitability, 
as a result of the increase in costs and reduction in income which normally arise from such delays and 
through claims for compensation from third parties. Delays may also result in cancellation of contracts. Any 
and all of these events may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flow, and financial 
condition, and therefore our ability to make timely payments under the Notes. 
Our current production and expected future production is concentrated in a limited number of fields. 
Our production of oil and gas is concentrated in a limited number of offshore fields. If mechanical or 
technical problems, adverse weather (for example, storms) or other events or problems affect the production 
on one of these offshore fields, it may have a direct and significant impact on a substantial portion of our 
production. Further, if the actual reserves associated with any one of our fields are less than the estimated 
reserves, our results of operations, financial condition and ultimately our ability to service our obligations 
under the Notes could be materially adversely affected. 
Any decrease in production volumes or reserve estimates in our key producing assets, including the Johan 
Sverdrup, Alvheim, Ivar Aasen, Valhall or Skarv fields, may adversely affect our results of operations, 
financial condition and our ability to make timely payments under the Notes. Moreover, we and the other 
licence participants in these fields have made, and will continue to make, significant capital expenditures 
with regard to the subsea development of these fields and their related facilities. Any cost overruns or delays

--- Page 22 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
22 
 
 
in the subsea development or in completion and delivery of these facilities could have a material adverse 
effect on our business, results of operations, cash flow, financial condition and our ability to service our 
obligations under the Notes. Further, if the current agreements we have in place pursuant to which we sell 
crude oil from these fields for any reason should be terminated or expire, a contract with a new buyer may 
not be signed at the time our existing contract terminates, or the sale price we obtain for the crude may be 
significantly less than that currently paid to us, or the volumes of production a buyer is required to purchase 
could be reduced. 
Further, while we expect that a large proportion of our future production will come from the Johan Sverdrup 
field, future production may materially deviate from our projections. Certain of our material licences are in 
various phases of development without current production. The early stages, being the exploration or 
development period of a licence, are commonly associated with higher risk, requiring high levels of capital 
expenditure without a commensurate degree of certainty of a return on that investment. Our capital 
expenditures may not guarantee the successful production of oil and gas in line with our projections. Other 
events, such as unexpected drilling conditions, equipment failures or accidents, breaches of security, adverse 
weather and the unavailability of drilling rigs, among others, in the fields in which we have an interest could, 
similarly, adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition and therefore our ability to make 
timely payments under the Notes. 
There are risks related to determination and redetermination of unitized petroleum deposits. 
According to the Norwegian Petroleum Act, unitization is required if a petroleum deposit extends over 
several production licences and these production licences have a different ownership representation. 
Consensus must be achieved between the licensees on the most rational coordination of the joint 
development and ownership distribution of the petroleum deposit, which must be set out in an agreement 
regulating the joint development, production, utilization and cessation of the petroleum activities related to 
the licences. If such consensus is not reached within a reasonable time, Norway’s Ministry of Petroleum and 
Energy (MPE) may determine how such joint petroleum activities shall be conducted, including the 
apportionment of the deposit, which may diverge from the other participants’ recommendations. In 2015, for 
example, the MPE made a decision on the distribution of ownership interests in the Johan Sverdrup field 
following arbitration between the field participants before the Norwegian Petroleum Directorate (NPD). The 
decision awarded us a total ownership interest in the Johan Sverdrup field of 11.6 per cent. 
Unit operating agreements (UOAs) relating to our production licences can typically also include a 
redetermination clause, stating that the apportionment of the deposit between licences can be adjusted within 
certain agreed time periods. This is, for example, the case for the UOA for the Johan Sverdrup field 
according to which a redetermination process may be initiated by any of the unit interest holders beginning 
in 2025. Any such determination or redetermination of our interest in any of our licences may have a 
negative effect on our interest in the unitized deposit, including our unit interest, the tract participation in 
which we hold an interest and cash flow from production. No assurance can be made that any such 
determination or redetermination will be satisfactorily resolved or will be resolved within a reasonable time 
and without incurring significant costs. Any determination or redetermination negatively affecting our 
interest in a unit may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flow, 
financial condition and ultimately our ability to make timely payments under the Notes. 
Our development projects are associated with risks relating to delays and costs. 
Our ongoing development projects involve advanced engineering work, extensive procurement activities and 
complex construction work to be carried out under various contract packages at different locations onshore. 
Furthermore, we (together with the other licence participants) must carry out drilling operations, install, test 
and commission offshore installations and obtain governmental approval to take them into use, prior to 
commencement of production. The complexity of our development projects, including the phase two 
development of Johan Sverdrup, makes them sensitive to circumstances which may affect the planned 
progress or sequence of the various activities, and this may result in delays or cost increases.

--- Page 23 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
23 
 
 
Our current or future projected target dates for production may be delayed and significant cost overruns may 
be incurred due to delays, changes in any part of our development projects, technical difficulties, project 
mismanagement, equipment failure, natural disasters, political, economic, taxation, legal, regulatory or social 
uncertainties, piracy, terrorism, immigration issues or protests or cyber security attacks which may materially 
adversely affect our future business, operating results, financial condition and cash flow. Ultimately, there 
are risks that the rights granted under our licences or agreements with the government may be forfeited and 
we may be liable to pay large penalties, which could jeopardise our ability to continue operations. 
Going forward, we, or the operator of licences in which we have an interest, may be unable to explore, 
appraise or develop petroleum operations, or the development or production of oil and/or gas may be delayed 
as a result of, among other things, activities such as the failure of the other licence participants and 
counterparties to obtain equipment, equipment failure, natural disasters, political, economic, taxation, legal, 
regulatory or social uncertainties, piracy, terrorism, immigration issues or protests. Moreover, the other 
licence participants and counterparties consist of a diverse base with no single material source of credit risk. 
A general downturn in financial markets and economic activity may result in a higher volume of late 
payments and outstanding receivables, which may in turn adversely affect our business, results of operations, 
cash flows, financial condition and ultimately our ability to make timely payments under the Notes. 
Furthermore, our estimated exploration costs are subject to a number of assumptions that may not 
materialise. If we are unable to explore, appraise or develop petroleum operations, or if our assumptions 
regarding exploration costs do not materialise, this may have a material adverse effect on our growth 
ambitions, future business and revenue, operating results, financial condition and cash flow, and therefore 
our ability to make timely payments under the Notes. 
Our business is dependent on skilled employees with special competencies, which exposes us to risks 
relating to labour disputes. 
While we generally enjoy good labour relations with our employees, strikes, labour disruptions and other 
types of conflicts with employees including those of our independent contractors or their unions may occur 
at our operations. Labour disruptions may be used not only for reasons specific to our business, but also to 
advocate labour, political or social goals. Any such disruptions or delays in our business activities may result 
in increased operational costs or decreased revenues from delayed or decreased (or zero) production and 
significant budget overruns. If such disruptions are material, they could materially adversely affect our 
business, results of operations, cash flow, financial condition and ultimately our ability to make timely 
payments under the Notes. 
Our exploration and production operations are dependent on our compliance with obligations under 
licences, joint operating agreements and field development plans. 
All exploration and production licences for the NCS have incorporated detailed and mandatory work 
programmes that are required to be fulfilled within a specific timespan. These may include, among other 
things, seismic surveys to be performed, wells to be drilled and development decisions to be taken. Failure to 
comply with the obligations under licences may lead to fines, penalties, restrictions, revocation of licences 
and termination of related agreements, which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of 
operations, cash flows and financial condition, and therefore our ability to make timely payments under the 
Notes. 
A failure to comply with the payment obligations (cash calls) under the standard joint operating agreements 
(JOA) for our licences may lead to penal interest on the defaulted amount, loss of voting rights and 
information within the licence and a right for the other licensees to acquire our participating interest on terms 
that are unfavourable to us and disconnected from the value of the licence interest. All such sanctions could 
materially and adversely affect our business, financial conditions and results of operations, and therefore our 
ability to make timely payments under the Notes.

--- Page 24 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
24 
 
 
We are subject to third-party risk in terms of operators, other licence participants and contractors. 
Where we are not the operator of a licence, although we may have consultation rights or the right to withhold 
consent in relation to significant operational matters depending on the level of our interest in such licence (as 
most decisions by the management committee only require a majority vote), we have limited control over 
management of the assets and mismanagement by the operator or disagreements with the operator as to the 
most appropriate course of action, which may result in significant delays, losses or increased costs to us. 
The terms of the relevant operating agreements generally impose standards and requirements in relation to 
the operator’s activities. However, there can be no assurance that such operators will observe such standards 
or requirements, and this could result in a breach of the relevant operating agreement. 
There is a risk that other participants with interests in our licences may not be able to fund or may elect not 
to participate in, or consent to, certain activities relating to those licences which require such participant’s 
consent, including but not limited to, decisions relating to drilling programmes, such as the number, identity 
and sequencing of wells, appraisal and development decisions, decisions relating to production and also any 
decision to not drill at all (sometimes referred to as “drill or drop” decisions). In these circumstances, it may 
not be possible for such activities to be undertaken by us alone or in conjunction with other participants at 
the desired time or sequence or at all. Inversely, decisions by the other participants to engage in certain 
activities (as noted in the preceding sentence) may also be contrary to our desire not to engage in or 
commence such activities and may require us to incur our share of costs in relation thereto, which may 
become significant, or accept that the other participants may enforce decisions which will delay or affect the 
profitability of a project. This is especially an inherent risk in fields under development where we only hold 
a minority interest, as the management committee makes all the decisions from planning to operations of the 
project licences. 
Other participants in our licences may default on their obligations to fund capital or other funding obligations 
in relation to the assets. In such circumstances, we may be required under the terms of the relevant operating 
agreement or otherwise to contribute all or part of such funding shortfall ourselves. We may not have the 
resources to meet these obligations. 
Any disagreement, absence of consent, delay, opposition, breach of agreement, or inability to undertake 
activities or failure to provide funding of the kind identified above could materially adversely affect our 
business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition, and therefore our ability to make timely 
payments under the Notes. 
Failure of other licence participants to comply with obligations under the relevant licences pursuant to which 
we operate, may lead to fines, penalties, restrictions and revocation of the licence. Further, the licence 
participants are jointly and severally responsible to the Norwegian government for financial obligations 
arising out of petroleum activities pursuant to such licence. Hence, if one or more of the other licensees fails 
to cover their share of a licence cost (for example, costs related to the mandatory work programme or 
decommissioning liability), we can be held liable for such licensee’s share of the relevant cost. 
If any of the other licence participants become insolvent or otherwise unable to pay debts as they come due, 
the licence interest awarded to them may be revoked by the relevant government authority which will then 
reallocate the licence interest. Although we expect that the relevant government authority may permit us to 
continue operations at a field during a reallocation process, there can be no assurance that we will be able to 
continue operations pursuant to these reclaimed licences or that any transition related to the reallocation of 
the licence would not materially disrupt our operations or development or productions schedule. The 
occurrence of any of the situations described above could materially and adversely affect our business, 
results of operations, cash flow and financial condition, and therefore our ability to make timely payments 
under the Notes.

--- Page 25 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
25 
 
 
Market conditions may also impair the liquidity situation of contractors and consequently their ability to 
meet their obligations to us. This may in turn impact both project timelines and cost. The incurrence of cost 
overruns or delays could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flow and 
financial condition, and therefore our ability to make timely payments under the Notes. 
We are subject to risks relating to capacity constraints and cost inflation in the service sector. 
We are, similar to other exploration and production companies, reliant upon services, goods and equipment 
provided by contractors and other companies to carry out our operations. If we are unable to obtain the 
services, goods or equipment necessary to carry out our operations (including our current and planned 
exploration and development projects), or if any of our contractors are unable or unwilling to carry out their 
services or deliver goods or equipment to us as planned or otherwise become unable to respect their 
obligations, become insolvent or otherwise unable to pay debts as they come due, our operations or projects 
may suffer from delays and a subsequent decrease in net production and/or revenue, which may materially 
adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition, and therefore our 
ability to make timely payments under the Notes. 
We may not have access to necessary infrastructure or capacity booking for the transportation of oil and 
gas. 
We are dependent on capacity (whether through pipelines, tankers or otherwise) to transport and sell our oil 
and gas production. We, or the licence group in which we hold an interest, may need to rely on access to 
third-party infrastructure to be able to transport produced oil and gas (for example, by depending on 
obtaining approval for construction of pipelines in close proximity to or crossing third-party infrastructure or 
being able to acquire the necessary capacity to transport gas). There can be no assurance that we will be able 
to get access to necessary infrastructure at an economically justifiable cost or access necessary infrastructure 
at all. If access to third-party infrastructure and necessary capacity bookings are unavailable or unavailable at 
an economically justifiable cost, our income relating to the sale of oil and gas may be reduced, which may 
materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition, and 
therefore our ability to make timely payments under the Notes. 
We face risks related to decommissioning activities and related costs. 
There are significant uncertainties relating to the estimated costs for decommissioning of our current 
licences, including the schedule for removal of each installation and performance of other decommissioning 
activities. Our decommissioning liability increased significantly due to the acquisitions of BP Norge and 
Hess Norge. In addition, in connection with the Hess Norge acquisition, we entered into a decommissioning 
agreement with Hess Norway Investment Limited (HNIL) providing for certain decommissioning security 
provisions with regard to Hess Norge’s interests. We agreed, on certain conditions, to provide HNIL with 
security in respect of the payment of certain of HNIL’s decommissioning obligations arising in relation to 
Hess Norge’s licence interests in the form of a letter of credit or a parent company guarantee. Furthermore, 
we are liable for our share of costs related to the removal and abandonment of certain gas transportation 
facilities owned by Gassled, a Norwegian joint venture owned by a number of oil and gas companies 
operating on the NCS. Additionally, the limited examples of current asset decommissioning activities on the 
NCS increases the uncertainty in estimating decommissioning costs and liabilities. No assurance can be 
given that the anticipated costs and time of removal are correct and any deviation from such estimates may 
have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition, and 
therefore our ability to make timely payments under the Notes. 
Also, under the Norwegian Petroleum Act, licensees are responsible to the Norwegian government for 
making sure that a decision relating to disposal is carried out, unless otherwise decided by the MPE. Within 
the joint venture, the licensees are: (i) primarily liable to each other on a pro rata basis and (ii) secondarily 
jointly and severally liable for all decommissioning obligations arising by virtue of the joint venture’s 
activities.

--- Page 26 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
26 
 
 
In Norway, there is no obligation or tradition for licence participants to provide security for their respective 
share of any decommissioning liabilities ahead of actual decommissioning. Therefore if one or more of the 
other licensees fails to cover its respective share of decommissioning costs, we can be held liable for such 
licensee’s share of such costs without the ability to rely or draw down on any security a defaulting licensee 
may have previously provided. Furthermore, under the Norwegian Petroleum Act, a licensee assigning its 
interest in a licence remains secondarily liable for decommissioning costs related to facilities existing at the 
time of assignment in the event that the decommissioning costs are not covered by the current licensees. Any 
significant increase in decommissioning costs relating to our current or previous licences may materially and 
adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition, and therefore our 
ability to make timely payments under the Notes. 
Certain fields in which we hold an interest straddle the boundary between the UKCS and the NCS. Even 
though our interests are in the Norwegian sector, we may still have responsibilities under or become liable 
for decommissioning obligations under UK legislation. In particular, we may be liable for the full costs of 
decommissioning any offshore installation located in the UK if our own production is recovered or stored by 
owners of such installation. Any such unforeseen costs may have a material adverse effect on our business, 
results of operations, cash flow and financial condition, and therefore our ability to make timely payments 
under the Notes. 
We are exposed to political and regulatory risks. 
The oil and gas industry in general is subject to extensive government policies and regulations. No assurance 
can be given that existing legislation or new interpretation of existing legislation will not result in a 
curtailment of production, delays or a material increase in operating costs and capital expenditure for our 
activities or otherwise adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations or prospects. Further, a 
failure to comply with applicable legislation, regulations and conditions or orders issued by the regulatory 
authorities may lead to fines, penalties, restrictions, withdrawal of licences and termination of related 
agreements. This could also have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flow and 
financial condition, and therefore our ability to make timely payments under the Notes. 
We conduct exploration and development activities in Norway and are dependent on receipt of government 
approvals and permits to develop our assets. The Norwegian Petroleum Act, among other things, sets out 
different criteria for the organisation, competence and financial capability that a licensee at the NCS must 
fulfill at all times. As at the date of this Offering Circular we are qualified to conduct our operations on the 
NCS, however, there is no assurance that future political conditions in Norway will not result in the 
government adopting new or different policies and regulations on exploration, development, operation and 
ownership of oil and gas, environmental protection, and labour relations. For example, in April 2020, the 
Norwegian government announced unilateral oil production cuts portioned out to relevant fields via their 
production licences of 250,000 barrels a day in June and 134,000 barrels per day in the second half of 2020, 
and further announced that the start-up of production at several fields would be delayed until 2021, which 
negatively affected our production during 2020. Further, we may be unable to obtain or renew required 
drilling rights, licences, permits and other authorisations and these may also be suspended, terminated or 
revoked prior to their expiration. This may affect our ability to undertake exploration and development 
activities in respect of present and future assets, as well as our ability to raise funds for such activities. There 
is a risk that new licences for particular projects will not be granted by relevant authorities as a result of, for 
example, political decisions to limit the future production of oil and gas.  Also, for similar reasons, there can 
be no assurance that our licences granted by the MPE will be extended or will not be revoked in the future. 
Furthermore, there is a risk that the MPE stipulates conditions for any such extension or for not revoking any 
licences. Lack of governmental approvals or permits or delays in receiving such approval may delay our 
operations, increase our costs and liabilities or affect the status of our contractual arrangements or our ability 
to meet our contractual obligations. Any of the above factors may have a material adverse effect on our 
business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition, and therefore our ability to make timely 
payments under the Notes.

--- Page 27 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
27 
 
 
Our ability to sell or transfer licence interests may be restricted by provisions in our joint operating 
agreements or applicable legislation. 
Our exit strategy in relation to any particular oil and gas interest may be subject to the prior approval of the 
other licence participants pursuant to JOAs, UOAs and approval from the MPE and Ministry of Finance, thus 
restricting our ability to dispose of, sell or transfer a licence interest and make funds available when needed. 
If the mandatory work obligations set by the MPE in the licences have not been carried out, assignment of 
our participating interest in a licence is subject to the approval of the management committee in the licence. 
Further, any transfer of a licence interest is subject to approval by the MPE and the Norwegian Ministry of 
Finance. Whether such approval will be given may be determined by the stage of the relevant project 
(whether the licence is in the exploration, development or production phase), outstanding obligations, 
potential buyers, political conditions in Norway and applicable policies and regulations on exploration, 
development and operation on the NCS. Further, under applicable Norwegian law, we may be subject to 
secondary liability for decommissioning costs in relation to licences that have been sold by us if the buyer 
should default on its licence obligations. Any of the above factors may have a material adverse effect on our 
business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition, and therefore our ability to make timely 
payments under the Notes. 
We are vulnerable to adverse market perception. 
We are vulnerable to adverse market perception as we must display a high level of integrity and maintain the 
trust and confidence of investors, other licence participants, public authorities and counterparties. Increased 
awareness about climate change combined with the operational risks pertaining to the extraction of oil and 
gas reserves from the seabed means that oil and gas companies such as us are facing scrutiny from many 
different stakeholders, including politicians, the media and the general public. Any mismanagement, fraud or 
failure to satisfy fiduciary or regulatory responsibilities, allegations of such activities, or negative publicity 
resulting from such other activities, or the association of any of the above with us could materially adversely 
affect our reputation and the value of our brand, as well as our business, results of operations, cash flow and 
financial condition, and therefore and our ability to make timely payments under the Notes. 
We may be subject to liability under environmental laws and regulations. 
All phases of the oil and gas business present environmental risks and hazards and are subject to 
environmental regulation pursuant to a variety of international conventions and directives and federal, county 
and other local laws and regulations. Environmental legislation provides for, among other things, restrictions 
and prohibitions on spills and releases or emissions of various substances produced in association with oil 
and gas operations. This legislation also requires that wells and facility sites are operated, maintained, 
abandoned, and reclaimed to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities. We are subject to 
legislation and regulatory requirements in relation to the emission of carbon dioxide, methane, nitrous oxide 
and other greenhouse gases. Compliance with such legislation and requirements can require significant 
expenditures and a breach may result in the imposition of fines and penalties, some of which may be 
material, in addition to loss of reputation. Environmental legislation and regulations are evolving in a manner 
expected to result in stricter standards and enforcement, larger fines and liability, and potentially increased 
capital expenditures and operating costs. The discharge of oil, gas or other pollutants into the air, soil or 
water may give rise to material liabilities to the Norwegian state, foreign governments and third parties and 
may require us to incur material costs to remedy such discharge. No assurance can be given that 
environmental laws or regulations will not result in a curtailment or shut down of production or a material 
increase in the costs of production, development or exploration activities or otherwise materially adversely 
affect our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition, and therefore our ability to make 
timely payments under the Notes. 
Furthermore, environmental concerns relating to the oil and gas industry’s operating practices are expected 
to increasingly influence government regulation and consumption patterns which favour cleaner burning

--- Page 28 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
28 
 
 
fuels such as gas. Future compliance with existing emissions legislation or any future emissions legislation 
could adversely affect our profitability. Future legislative initiatives designed to reduce the consumption of 
hydrocarbons could also have an impact on our ability to market our oil and gas and the prices which we are 
able to obtain, which in turn may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial 
condition, and therefore our ability to make timely payments under the Notes. 
While we are not currently aware of any pollution or environmental liabilities that are expected to be 
material in relation to our operations on the NCS, we may potentially be subject to various liabilities such as 
pollution and environmental liabilities related to our business which may adversely affect our business, 
results of operations, cash flow and financial condition, and therefore our ability to make timely payments 
under the Notes. 
Our operations in the Barents Sea expose us to additional environmental risks relating to Arctic drilling. 
Over the past several years, our operations have expanded to include several fields in the Barents Sea. Arctic 
drilling presents a unique operating environment characterised by remoteness, the lack of ancillary 
supporting infrastructure, the presence of sea ice, extended periods of darkness and cold, and hurricane-
strength storms. These factors make operations in the Arctic difficult, result in increased operating costs and 
also increase the risk of incidents resulting from our operations, such as oil spills. In addition, the Arctic 
Ocean is an ecologically sensitive area, and any spills or other environmental incidents that may occur could 
result in increased response and remedial costs and other liabilities. Any spills in the eastern section of the 
Barents Sea may also cross the border into Russian waters, which may expose us to responsibilities and 
liability pursuant to relevant Russian legislation. Moreover, environmental non-governmental organisations 
(NGOs) frequently oppose Arctic drilling. These NGOs could initiate legal or other actions that may delay 
our exploration and production activities in this area. Any of the above factors could have a material adverse 
effect on our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition, and therefore our ability to 
make timely payments under the Notes. 
Climate change and climate change legislation and regulatory initiatives could adversely affect our 
business and ongoing operations. 
Our business and results of operations could be adversely affected by climate change and the adoption of 
new climate change laws, policies and regulations. Growing concerns about climate change and greenhouse 
gas emissions have led to the adoption of various regulations and policies, including the Paris Agreement 
negotiated at the 2015 United Nations Conference on Climate Change, which requires participating nations 
to reduce carbon emissions every five years beginning in 2023. Multiple plans have also been proposed in 
the Norwegian parliament to reduce carbon emissions from companies operating in certain sectors, including 
the oil and gas industry. In January 2021, the Norwegian government presented its plan for climate change 
mitigation based on the requirements of the Paris Agreement, with the aim of reducing greenhouse gas 
emissions by 50 per cent. to 55 per cent. (compared to 1990 levels) by 2030. Further, the current goal is to 
reduce emissions by 90 per cent. to 95 per cent. (compared to 1990 levels) by 2050, with the intention of 
becoming a low-emission society. The Norwegian government also has a “zero emission vision” for the 
transport sector, and continues to stimulate the development of zero and low emission shipping solutions. In 
addition, the Norwegian government has announced its intention to phase out the sale of fossil fuel powered 
vehicles for personal use in favour of electric vehicles by 2025. 
The emission reduction strategies and other provisions of Norwegian climate change law, the Paris 
Agreement or similar legislative or regulatory initiatives enacted in the future, could adversely impact our 
business by imposing increased costs in the form of taxes or for the purchase of emission allowances, 
limiting our ability to develop new oil and gas reserves, decreasing the value of our assets, or reducing the 
demand for hydrocarbons and refined petroleum products. Any such event could have a material adverse 
effect on our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition, and therefore our ability to 
make timely payments under the Notes.

--- Page 29 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
29 
 
 
Additionally, some scientists have concluded that increasing concentrations of greenhouse gases in the 
Earth’s atmosphere may produce climate changes that have significant physical effects, such as increased 
frequency and severity of storms, droughts, floods and other climatic events. Our offshore operations are 
particularly at risk from severe climatic events. If any such climate changes were to occur, they could have 
an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and ultimately our ability to make timely 
payments under the Notes. 
Our insurance may not provide sufficient funds to protect us from liabilities that could result from our 
operations. 
Oil and gas exploration, development, and production operations are subject to the risks and hazards 
typically associated with such operations, including, but not limited to, fires, explosions, blowouts, and oil 
spills, each of which could result in substantial damage to oil and gas wells, production facilities, other 
property and the environment, or result in personal injury and business interruption. 
We maintain a number of separate insurance policies to protect our core businesses against loss and liability 
to third parties. Insured risks typically include general liability, workers’ compensation and employee 
liability, professional indemnity and material damage. Furthermore, not all mentioned risks are insurable, or 
only insurable at a disproportionately high cost. Although we maintain liability insurance in an amount that 
we consider adequate and consistent with industry standards, the nature of these risks is such that liabilities 
could materially exceed policy limits or not be insured at all, in which event we could incur significant costs 
that could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operation and cash flow. Any 
uninsured loss or liabilities, or any loss and liabilities exceeding the insured limits, may adversely affect our 
business, results of operations, cash flow, financial condition and ultimately our ability to make timely 
payments under the Notes. 
Availability of drilling equipment and other required equipment and access restrictions may affect our 
operations. 
Oil and gas exploration and development activities are dependent on the availability of specialised 
equipment, including, but not limited to, drilling and related equipment in the particular areas where such 
activities will be conducted. From time to time the demand for limited equipment may be high or access 
restrictions will affect the availability and cost of such equipment, and from time to time may delay 
exploration and development activities. Also, to the extent we are not the operator of our oil and gas assets, 
we will depend on such operators for the timing of activities related to such assets and will be largely unable 
to direct or control the activities of such operators. If any of these risks materialise, they may have a material 
adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition, and therefore our 
ability to make timely payments under the Notes. 
Our oil and gas production could vary significantly from reported reserves and resources. 
In general, estimates of economically recoverable oil reserves and resources are based on a number of factors 
and assumptions made as of the date on which the reserves estimates were determined, such as geological 
and engineering estimates (which have inherent uncertainties), historical production from our fields, the 
assumed effects of regulation by governmental agencies and estimates of future commodity prices and 
operating costs, all of which may vary considerably from actual results. 
Underground accumulations of hydrocarbons cannot be measured in an exact manner and estimates thereof 
are a subjective process aimed at understanding the statistical probabilities of recovery. Estimates of the 
quantity of economically recoverable oil and gas reserves, rates of production and the timing of development 
expenditures depend upon several variables and assumptions, including the following: 
 
production history compared with production from other comparable producing areas;

--- Page 30 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
30 
 
 
 
quality and quantity of available data; 
 
access to production profiles and economic models supplied by third parties; 
 
interpretation of the available geological and geophysical data; 
 
effects of regulations adopted by governmental agencies; 
 
future percentages of international sales; 
 
future oil prices; 
 
capital investments; 
 
timeliness of the commencement and completion of production phases; 
 
effectiveness of the applied technologies and equipment; 
 
renewals of licences beyond their stated expiry dates; 
 
future operating costs, tax on the extraction of commercial minerals, development costs and 
workover and remedial costs; and 
 
the judgement of the persons preparing the estimate. 
As all reserve estimates are subjective, each of the following items may differ materially from those assumed 
in estimating reserves: 
 
the quantities and qualities that are ultimately recovered; 
 
the timing of the recovery of oil and gas reserves; 
 
the production and operating costs incurred; 
 
the amount and timing of additional exploration and future development expenditures; and 
 
future hydrocarbon sales prices. 
Many of the factors in respect of which assumptions are made when estimating reserves are beyond our 
control and therefore these estimates may prove to be incorrect over time. Evaluations of reserves necessarily 
involve multiple uncertainties. The accuracy of any reserves or resources evaluation depends on the quality 
of available information and oil and gas engineering and geological interpretation. Drilling, interpretation, 
testing and production after the date of the estimates may require substantial upward or downward revisions 
in our reserves or resources data. Moreover, different reserve engineers may make different estimates of 
reserves and cash flows based on the same available data. Actual production, revenues and expenditures with 
respect to reserves and resources will vary from estimates and the variances may be material. 
The uncertainties in relation to the estimation of reserves summarised above also exist with respect to the 
estimation of resources. The probability that contingent resources will be economically recoverable is 
considerably lower than for commercial reserves. Volumes and values associated with contingent resources 
should be considered with higher uncertainty than volumes and values associated with reserves. 
If the assumptions upon which the estimates of our oil and gas reserves and resources have been based prove 
to be incorrect or if the actual reserves or recoverable resources available to us are otherwise less than the

--- Page 31 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
31 
 
 
current estimates or of lesser quality than expected, we may be unable to recover and produce the estimated 
levels or quality of oil and gas set out in this Offering Circular and this may materially and adversely affect 
our business, prospects and financial condition, and therefore our ability to make timely payments under the 
Notes. 
Accounting policies may result in non-cash charges and write-downs considered unfavourably by the 
market. 
IFRS requires that management apply certain accounting policies and make certain estimates and 
assumptions, which affect reported amounts in our consolidated financial statements. The accounting 
policies may result in non-cash charges to net income and material write-downs of net assets in our financial 
statements. Such non-cash charges and write-downs may be viewed unfavourably by the market and result in 
an inability to borrow funds and/or may result in a significant decline in the trading price of our shares, 
which may materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations 
and ultimately our ability to make timely payments under the Notes. 
Our development projects require substantial capital expenditures. We may be unable to obtain the 
required capital or financing on satisfactory terms, which could lead to a decline in our oil and gas 
reserves. 
We make and expect to continue to make substantial capital expenditures in our business for the 
development, production and acquisition of oil and natural gas reserves. We intend to finance the majority of 
our future capital expenditures with cash flow from operations and borrowings under our revolving credit 
facility and other debt facilities. Our cash flows from operations and access to capital are subject to a number 
of variables which we do not control, including: 
 
our proved reserves; 
 
the level of oil and natural gas we are able to produce from existing wells; 
 
the price at which our oil and gas are sold; 
 
our ability to acquire, locate and produce new reserves; and 
 
general market conditions. 
Our current funding restricts our ability to obtain certain types of new financing. If additional capital is 
needed, we may not be able to obtain additional debt or equity financing. If cash generated by operations or 
cash available under our revolving credit facility or other debt facilities is not sufficient to meet our capital 
requirements, the failure to obtain additional financing could result in a curtailment of our operations relating 
to development of our prospects, which in turn could lead to a decline in our oil and natural gas reserves, or 
if it is not possible to cancel or stop a project, us being legally obliged to carry out the project contrary to our 
desire or with negative impact on our business. Further, we may fail to make required cash calls and breach 
licence obligations, which could lead to adverse consequences, see “—Risks relating to our business—Our 
exploration and production operations are dependent on our compliance with obligations under licences, 
joint operating agreements and field development plans.” All of the above could adversely affect our 
production, revenues and results of operations as well as have an adverse effect on our ability to service our 
debt, including the Notes. 
Changes in foreign exchange rates may affect our results of operations and financial position. 
We are exposed to market fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. Revenues are in U.S. dollars for oil and in 
euros and Sterling for gas, while operational costs, taxes and investment are in several other currencies, 
including Norwegian kroner. Our functional currency is in U.S. dollars, and significant fluctuations in

--- Page 32 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
32 
 
 
exchange rates between U.S. dollars and Norwegian kroner could make our reported results more volatile 
and have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flow, financial condition and our 
ability to service our obligations under the Notes. 
Tax disputes could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial 
condition. 
We become involved from time to time in certain tax disputes with the Norwegian tax authorities. In 
particular, we are involved on an ongoing basis in disputes in Norway relating to transfer pricing issues 
(which relates to whether specific transaction prices (such as rig hire, gas sales, insurance premiums, interest 
rates and intercompany charges) are set in accordance with the arm’s-length principle). Most of the tax 
disputes we are party to are legacy disputes inherited from BP Norge and Hess Norge through the BP Norge 
and the Hess Norge acquisitions, respectively. See “Description of the Issuer—Oil taxation office 
assessment.” Although we believe our inter-company arrangements are based on accepted tax standards, 
from time to time competent tax authorities have disagreed, and may in the future disagree, with the pricing 
methodology applied and subsequently challenge the amount of profits reported therein, which may increase 
our tax liabilities and potentially have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flow, 
financial condition and our ability to service our obligations under the Notes. 
Our digital infrastructure systems may be subject to intentional and unintentional disruption, and our 
confidential information may be misappropriated, stolen or misused, which could adversely impact our 
business and reputation. 
We could be a target of cyber-attacks designed to penetrate our network security or the security of our digital 
infrastructure, misappropriate proprietary information, commit financial fraud and/or cause interruptions to 
our activities, including a reduction or halt in our production. Such attacks could include hackers obtaining 
access to our systems, the introduction of malicious computer code or denial of service attacks. If an actual 
or perceived breach of our network security occurs, it could adversely affect our business or reputation, and 
may expose us to the loss of information, litigation and possible liability. Such a security breach could also 
divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel. In addition, such a security breach could 
impair our ability to operate our business and provide products and services to our customers. If this 
happens, our reputation could be harmed, our revenues could decline and our business could suffer. 
In addition, confidential information that we maintain may be subject to misappropriation, theft and 
deliberate or unintentional misuse by current or former employees, third-party contractors or other parties 
who have had access to such information. Any such misappropriation and/or misuse of our information could 
result in us, among other things, being in breach of certain data protection and related legislation. We expect 
that we will need to continue closely monitoring the accessibility and use of confidential information in our 
business, educate our employees and third-party contractors about the risks and consequences of any misuse 
of confidential information and, to the extent necessary, pursue legal or other remedies to enforce our 
policies and deter future misuse. 
We collect, store and use personal data in the ordinary course of our business operations, and are therefore 
subject to data protection legislation (including the General Data Protection Regulation (EU 2016/679) (the 
GDPR)). Non-compliance or technical defects resulting in a leak or the misuse of such data could result in 
fines, damage to our reputation and/or otherwise harm our business, results of operations, cash flow and 
financial condition, and therefore our ability to service our obligations under the Notes.

--- Page 33 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
33 
 
 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme.  A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors.  Set out below is a description of the most common such 
features, distinguishing between factors which may occur in relation to any Notes and those which might 
occur in relation to certain types of Exempt Notes: 
Risks applicable to all Notes 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves 
a similar effective return.  
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed.  This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes.  At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so 
at a significantly lower rate.  Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, 
this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate.  Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of 
the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of 
interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders.  Where the Notes convert from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then 
prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate.  In addition, the new 
floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes.  Where the Notes convert from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could 
affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to 
their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
more conventional interest-bearing securities.  Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, 
the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities.  
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing 
such “benchmarks” 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks”, (including the London interbank offered 
rate (LIBOR), EURIBOR, NIBOR and STIBOR) are the subject of recent national and international 
regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are

--- Page 34 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
34 
 
 
still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to 
disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have 
a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a benchmark.   
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. 
Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-
based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain 
uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if 
non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation) among other things, applies 
to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the 
UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or 
registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark in particular, if the methodology or other terms of 
the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the 
effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the 
relevant benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
Specifically, the sustainability of LIBOR has been questioned as a result of the absence of relevant active 
underlying markets and possible disincentives (including possibly as a result of benchmark reforms) for 
market participants to continue contributing to such benchmarks. The FCA has indicated through a series of 
announcements that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis cannot and will not be guaranteed after 
2021. On 5 March 2021, the FCA published a statement on the future cessation and loss of 
representativeness of all LIBOR currencies and tenors. Permanent cessation will occur immediately after 31 
December 2021 for all euro and Swiss Franc LIBOR tenors and certain Sterling, Japanese Yen and US 
Dollar LIBOR settings and immediately after 30 June 2023 for certain other USD LIBOR settings. In 
relation to the remaining LIBOR settings (1-month, 3-month and 6-month Sterling, US Dollar and Japanese 
Yen LIBOR settings), the FCA will consult on, or continue to consider the case for, using its powers to 
continue their publication under a changed methodology for a further period after end-2021 (end-June 2023 
in the case of US Dollar LIBOR). The announcement states that consequently, these LIBOR settings will no 
longer be representative of the underlying market that such settings are intended to measure immediately 
after 31 December 2021, in the case of the Sterling and Japanese Yen LIBOR settings and immediately after 
30 June 2023, in the case of the USD LIBOR settings. Any continued publication of the Japanese Yen 
LIBOR settings will also cease permanently at the end of 2022. 
Separately, the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles 
and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated 
cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other 
things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may 
increase the risk to the euro area financial system. 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, EURIBOR, NIBOR and STIBOR will 
continue to be supported going forwards. This may cause EURIBOR, NIBOR and STIBOR to perform 
differently than they have done in the past, and may have other consequences which cannot be predicted. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the

--- Page 35 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
35 
 
 
rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms 
or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that an 
Original Reference Rate (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) and/or any page on which an 
Original Reference Rate may be published (or any other successor service) becomes unavailable or a 
Benchmark Event otherwise occurs. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of 
interest or other amounts payable under the Notes could be set by reference to a Successor Rate or an 
Alternative Rate (both as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) determined by an Independent 
Adviser (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner as described more fully in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. If a Successor Rate or 
an Alternative Rate (as the case may be) is so determined, an Adjustment Spread (as defined in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes) shall also be determined by the relevant Independent Adviser in accordance 
with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes may 
be made by the relevant Independent Adviser (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) to follow market practice in relation to the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) or to 
ensure the proper operation of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread. An Adjustment Spread could be positive, negative or zero. Investors should note that the 
relevant Independent Adviser will have discretion to determine the applicable Adjustment Spread in the 
circumstances described in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, and in any event an Adjustment Spread 
may not be effective in reducing or eliminating any economic prejudice or benefit to investors arising out of 
the replacement of the relevant Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be). 
The use of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (including with the application of an Adjustment Spread) 
will still result in any Notes referencing an Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may 
include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the Original Reference Rate were to continue 
to apply in its current form. No consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders shall be required in connection 
with effecting any relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) or any other related 
adjustments and/or amendments described above. 
Any such adjustment or amendment could have unexpected commercial consequences and there can be no 
assurance that, due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder or Couponholder, any such adjustment 
will be favourable to each Noteholder or Couponholder. 
In certain circumstances (including where, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Independent 
Adviser appointed by the Issuer fails to make the necessary determination of a Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread), the ultimate fallback for the purposes of 
calculation of the Rate of Interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the Rate of Interest for the last 
preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating 
Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. Due to the uncertainty 
concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates, the involvement of an Independent 
Adviser and the potential for further regulatory developments, there is a risk that the relevant fallback 
provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, or 
any of the international or national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark replacement 
provisions of Notes in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes referencing a benchmark.  
The Notes may be redeemed if they become subject to withholding tax.

--- Page 36 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
36 
 
 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes permit the Issuer to redeem the Notes in whole, but not in part, if any 
of the Notes become subject to withholding tax which is introduced or changed after the issuance of the 
relevant series of Notes. Effective from 1 July 2021, Norway has introduced withholding tax on interest 
payments made by Norwegian debtors to related parties who are resident in low tax jurisdictions. However, 
it cannot be excluded that Norway could extend the withholding tax regime to a wider range of creditors in 
the future, including one or more holder of Notes. Hence, there is a risk that introduction of new withholding 
tax rules on payments under the Notes will entitle the Issuer to redeem the Notes prior to their stated 
maturity.  
Risks applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes  
There are particular risks associated with an investment in certain types of Exempt Notes.  In particular, an 
investor might receive less interest than expected or no interest in respect of such Notes and may lose some 
or all of the principal amount invested by it. 
The Issuer may issue Notes with principal or interest determined by reference to an index or formula, to 
changes in the prices of securities or commodities, to movements in currency exchange rates or other factors 
(each, a Relevant Factor).  In addition, the Issuer may issue Notes with principal or interest payable in one 
or more currencies which may be different from the currency in which the Notes are denominated.  Potential 
investors should be aware that: 
(i) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
(ii) 
they may receive no interest; 
(iii) 
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than 
expected; 
(iv) 
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal; 
(v) 
a Relevant Factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in 
interest rates, currencies or other indices; 
(vi) 
if a Relevant Factor is applied to Notes in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or contains 
some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the Relevant Factor on principal or interest 
payable likely will be magnified; and 
(vii) 
the timing of changes in a Relevant Factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the 
average level is consistent with their expectations.  In general, the earlier the change in the Relevant 
Factor, the greater the effect on yield. 
The historical experience of an index or other Relevant Factor should not be viewed as an indication of the 
future performance of such Relevant Factor during the term of any Notes. Accordingly, each potential 
investor should consult its own financial and legal advisers about the risk entailed by an investment in any 
Notes linked to a Relevant Factor and the suitability of such Notes in light of its particular circumstances. 
Notes which are issued with variable interest rates or which are structured to include a multiplier or other 
leverage factor are likely to have more volatile market values than more standard securities. 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments.  If they are structured to include multipliers or 
other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar related 
features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include those 
features.

--- Page 37 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
37 
 
 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes will have more volatile market values than conventional Floating Rate Notes. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference 
rate such as EURIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR. The market values of those Notes typically are more volatile 
than market values of other conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and 
with otherwise comparable terms). Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase in the 
reference rate not only decreases the interest rate of the Notes, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing 
interest rates, which further adversely affects the market value of these Notes. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent of 
all investors. 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of conference call or 
by use of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider and vote upon matters affecting their 
interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents. These 
provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and 
vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give their consent 
electronically, and including those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
A Restructuring Plan implemented pursuant to Part 26A of the Companies Act 2006 may modify or disapply 
certain terms of the Notes without the consent of the Noteholders. 
Where the Issuer encounters, or is likely to encounter, financial difficulties that are affecting, or will or may 
affect, its ability to carry on business as a going concern, it may propose a Restructuring Plan (a Plan) with 
its creditors under Part 26A of the Companies Act 2006 (introduced by the Corporate Insolvency and 
Governance Act 2020) to eliminate, reduce, prevent or mitigate the effect of any of those financial 
difficulties. Should this happen, creditors whose rights are affected are organised into creditor classes and 
can vote on any such Plan (subject to being excluded from the vote by the English courts for having no 
genuine economic interest in the Issuer and certain exclusions where the Plan is proposed within the 12 week 
period following the end of a moratorium). Providing that one class of creditors (who would receive a 
payment, or have a genuine economic interest in the Issuer) has approved the Plan, and in the view of the 
English courts any dissenting class(es) who did not approve the Plan are no worse off under the Plan than 
they would be in the event of the “relevant alternative” (such as, broadly, liquidation or administration), then 
the English court can sanction the Plan where it would be a proper exercise of its discretion. A sanctioned 
Plan is binding on all creditors and members, regardless of whether they approved it.  Any such sanctioned 
Plan in relation to the Issuer may, therefore, adversely affect the rights of Noteholders and the price or value 
of their investment in the Notes, as it may have the effect of modifying or disapplying certain terms of the 
Notes.  
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or administrative practice. 
The conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Offering Circular. No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or 
administrative practice after the date of this Offering Circular and any such change could materially 
adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it.

--- Page 38 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
38 
 
 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and 
may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral 
multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination.  In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such 
amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the 
relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a 
principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding 
amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing 
system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive 
Notes be printed or issued) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the 
minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest 
rate risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop.  If a market for the 
Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily 
or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market.  This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, 
currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured 
to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would 
have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, he will be exposed to 
movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his holding. In addition, the imposition of 
exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(2) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's 
Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of 
the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal.

--- Page 39 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
39 
 
 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the 
rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an investment 
in those Notes. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer, or the Notes. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating 
agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, 
subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general restriction will also apply 
in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit 
ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is 
certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case 
may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency 
included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a 
relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.   
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third 
country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK 
registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK 
registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and 
(b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a 
certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the 
UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied.   
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes 
in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may 
impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information with respect to 
the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Offering Circular.

--- Page 40 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
40 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published shall be incorporated in, and form part of, 
this Offering Circular: 
(a) 
the auditor’s report and audited consolidated annual financial statements for the financial year ended 
31 
December 
2020 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(available 
at 
https://akerbp.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/03/akerbp-annual-report-2020.pdf) including the information set out at the 
following pages in particular: 
 
Income statement .......................................................................  
Page 89 
Statement of comprehensive income .........................................  
Page 89 
Statement of financial position ..................................................  
Pages 90 to 91 
Statement of changes in equity ..................................................  
Page 92 
Statement of cash flow ..............................................................  
Page 93 
Notes to the accounts .................................................................  
Pages 94 to 133 
Statement by the Board of Directors and Chief Executive 
Officer .......................................................................................  
Page 134 
Alternative performance measures ............................................  
Page 135 to 137 
Independent Auditor’s Report ...................................................  
Pages 138 to 141 
(b) 
the auditor’s report and audited consolidated annual financial statements for the financial year ended 
31 December 2019 of the Issuer (available at https://akerbp.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/10/aker-
bp-arsrapport-2019.pdf) including the information set out at the following pages in particular: 
Income statement .......................................................................  
Page 85 
Statement of comprehensive income .........................................  
Page 85 
Statement of financial position ..................................................  
Pages 86 to 87 
Statement of changes in equity - group and parent ...................  
Page 88 
Statement of cash flow ..............................................................  
Page 89 
Notes to the accounts .................................................................  
Pages 90 to 129 
Statement by the Board of Directors and Chief Executive 
Officer .......................................................................................  
Page 130 
Alternative performance measures ............................................  
Page 131 
Independent Auditor’s Report ...................................................  
Pages 132 to 136

--- Page 41 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
41 
 
 
(c) 
the condensed consolidated interim financial statements for the three months ended 31 March 2021 
of the Issuer contained within the Issuer’s Quarterly Report Q1 2021 (available at 
https://akerbp.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/aker-bp-2021-q1-report.pdf), 
including 
the 
information set out at the following pages in particular: 
Income statement .......................................................................  
Page 15 
Statement of comprehensive income .........................................  
Page 15 
Statement of financial position ..................................................  
Pages 16 to 17 
Statement of changes in equity ..................................................  
Page 18 
Statement of cash flow ..............................................................  
Page 19 
Notes to the accounts .................................................................  
Pages 20 to 33 
Alternative performance measures ............................................  
Pages 34 to 36 
Independent Auditor’s Review Report ......................................  
Page 37 
Following the publication of this Offering Circular a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and 
approved by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  Statements contained in 
any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent 
applicable, be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Offering Circular or in a 
document which is incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular. Any statement so modified or 
superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Offering Circular. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this 
Offering Circular shall not form part of this Offering Circular. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein (which, for the avoidance of doubt, means any 
parts not listed in the cross-reference list above) are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are 
otherwise covered elsewhere in this Offering Circular. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Offering Circular which may affect the assessment of any Notes, prepare a 
supplement to this Offering Circular or publish a new Offering Circular for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 42 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
42 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Any reference in this section to “applicable Final Terms” shall be deemed to include a reference to 
“applicable Pricing Supplement” where relevant. 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached, or 
registered form, without interest coupons attached.  Bearer Notes will be issued outside the United States in 
reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S) and Registered Notes will be issued  
outside the United States in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Regulation S. 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a temporary 
global note (a Temporary Bearer Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a 
permanent global note (a Permanent Bearer Global Note and, together with a Temporary Bearer Global 
Note, each a Bearer Global Note) which, in either case, will: 
(a) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
common safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg); and 
(b) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Bearer Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final 
Terms will also indicate whether such Bearer Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility.  Any indication that the Bearer Global Notes are to be so held does not 
necessarily mean that the Bearer Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  
The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity 
approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, interest 
(if any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined 
below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note if the Temporary Bearer 
Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be 
provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Bearer Global Note are not 
U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury 
regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has 
received) to the Principal Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as 
described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series or (ii) for 
definitive Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as 
described above unless such certification has already been given, provided that purchasers in the United 
States and certain U.S. persons will not be able to receive definitive Bearer Notes.  The holder of a 
Temporary Bearer Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other

--- Page 43 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
43 
 
 
amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer 
Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Bearer Global Note or for definitive Bearer Notes is improperly 
withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be 
made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may 
be) of the Permanent Bearer Global Note if the Permanent Bearer Global Note is not intended to be issued in 
NGN form) without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and 
talons attached upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event.  For these purposes, Exchange Event means that 
(i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 10) has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been 
notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous 
period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention 
permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available or (iii) 
the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the 
Notes represented by the Permanent Bearer Global Note in definitive form.  The Issuer will promptly give 
notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of 
any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) may give notice to the Principal Paying 
Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) 
above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange.  Any such 
exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the 
Principal Paying Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes (other than Temporary Bearer Global Notes) and 
interest coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Bearer Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in 
respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Bearer Notes or 
interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche will initially be represented by a global note in registered form (a 
Registered Global Note).  
Registered Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary or, if the Registered Global Notes are 
to be held under the new safe-keeping structure (the NSS), a common safekeeper, as the case may be for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered in the name of the nominee for the Common 
Depositary of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the common 
safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered 
Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may be, under the circumstances described below, to 
receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in fully registered form.

--- Page 44 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
44 
 
 
Where the Registered Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche is intended to be held under the NSS, 
the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not such Registered Global Notes are intended to be held 
in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Registered Global Notes are 
to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any time during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria. The common safekeeper for a Registered Global Note held under the NSS will either be 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg.  
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in Condition 
6.4) as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes.  None of the Issuer, any Paying Agent or the 
Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or 
deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form will, 
in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant 
Record Date (as defined in Condition 6.4) immediately preceding the due date for payment in the manner 
provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Registered Notes without interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event.  For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an Event of Default has occurred and 
is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or 
otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, in any 
such case, no successor clearing system is available or (iii) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse 
tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the Registered Global Note in 
definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 if an 
Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any person acting on their behalf (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in 
such Registered Global Note) may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange and, in the event of the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii)  above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar 
requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the 
first relevant notice by the Registrar. 
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, except in 
accordance with the applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the 
extent applicable.   
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”), the Principal 
Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a 
single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the 
Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the 
common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the 
Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution 
compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such 
Tranche.

--- Page 45 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
45 
 
 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 10. In such 
circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or any part 
thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such Notes and 
payment in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note 
then from 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their 
accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become entitled to 
proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear, and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the Deed of Covenant) dated 
29 April 2021 and executed by the Issuer. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, in which event, other than where such Notes are Exempt Notes, a supplement to this 
Offering Circular or a new Offering Circular will be made available which will describe the effect of the 
agreement reached in relation to such Notes.

--- Page 46 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
46 
 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme which are not Exempt Notes. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) and any rules 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]2 
[3MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
                                                     
1 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be 
specified to be "Applicable". 
2 Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document will 
be prepared in the UK or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be 
specified to be “Applicable”. 
3 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if transaction involves one or more manufacturer(s) subject to MiFID II and following the ICMA 
1 "all bonds to all professionals" target market approach.

--- Page 47 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
47 
 
 
[4UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the [European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018/EUWA] (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a UK distributor) should take into consideration 
the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a UK distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
(CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (the 
SFA) - [Insert notice if classification of the Notes is not “prescribed capital markets products”, pursuant to 
Section 309B of the SFA or Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on 
the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products)].]5 
[Date] 
Aker BP ASA 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300NFTY73920OYK69   
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €2,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Offering Circular dated 29 April 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Offering Circular).  This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Offering Circular in order to obtain all the relevant 
information.  The Offering Circular has been published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu).  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”.  Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs 
(in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted).  Italics 
denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.]  
 
                                                     
4 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if transaction involves one or more manufacturer(s) subject to UK MiFIR and if following the 
"ICMA 1" approach. 
5 Relevant Manager(s)/Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of 
the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 48 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
48 
 
 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[         ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to 
in paragraph [   ] below, which is expected to occur 
on or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[         ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[         ] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[         ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[         ] 
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent)) 
 
(Note – where Bearer multiple denominations above 
€100,000 or equivalent are being used the following 
sample wording should be followed: 
 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].  No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].”))  
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation to 
calculation of interest in global form 
see Conditions): 
[         ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination.  If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor.  
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.) 
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[         ]  
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.)

--- Page 49 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
49 
 
 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for Floating Rate Notes – Interest 
Payment Date falling in [or nearest to] [specify 
month and year]] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[         ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[[         ] month [EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR]] +/- 
[         ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero coupon] 
 
(see paragraph [13]/[14]/[15]below) 
9. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [         ] per cent. of their nominal 
amount 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 13 and 
14 below and identify there][Not Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call]  
 
[Make-Whole Redemption]  
 
[Issuer Residual Call] 
 
[Investor Put]  
 
[Change of Control Put] 
 
[(see paragraph[s] [17]/[18]/[20]/[21]/[19] below)] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
12. 
Date [Board] approval for issuance of Notes    
obtained: 
[         ]  
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes)  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[         ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons)  
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for Notes 
in definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions): 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation to 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [         ]][Not

--- Page 50 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
50 
 
 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions): 
 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[         ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon) 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[         ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, 
not subject to adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]  
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not Applicable]  
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[         ][Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount is to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Principal Paying Agent): 
[         ] (the Calculation Agent)  
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[         ] month [EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR] 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[         ] 
 
(The second day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR, the second Oslo business day prior to the 
start of each Interest Period if NIBOR and the 
second Stockholm business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if STIBOR) 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[         ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions

--- Page 51 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
51 
 
 
appropriately)  
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[         ] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[         ] 
 
Reset Date: 
[         ] 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR 
based option, the first day of the Interest Period) 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)]  
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [         ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
 
Actual/360 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
30E/360 (ISDA)]  
15. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[         ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
 
[Actual/365]  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16. 
Notice periods for Condition 7.2: 
Minimum period: [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days 
17. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[         ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount]

--- Page 52 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
52 
 
 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable, as the Notes are not 
redeemable in part] 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent.) 
18. 
Make-Whole Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Make-Whole Redemption Date(s): 
[         ] 
(b) 
Make-Whole Redemption Margin: 
[[  ] basis points/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Reference Bond: 
[CA Selected Bond/[         ]] 
(d) 
Quotation Time: 
[5.00 
p.m. 
[Brussels/London/[ 
]] 
time/Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Reference Rate Determination Date: 
[The [         ] Business Day preceding the relevant 
Make-Whole Redemption Date/Not Applicable] 
(f) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable, as the Notes are not 
redeemable in part] 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] 
(g) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer

--- Page 53 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
53 
 
 
and the Principal Paying Agent) 
19. 
Issuer Residual Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Residual Call Early Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(b) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent.) 
20. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[         ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(NB: If the Optional Redemption Amount is other 
than a specified amount per Calculation Amount, the 
Notes will need to be Exempt Notes) 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days’ notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent.) 
21. 
Change of Control Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraph of this paragraph) 
Change of Control Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
22. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
23. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event 
of default: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early

--- Page 54 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
54 
 
 
Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but 
consider).  If, however, the Final Redemption 
Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the nominal 
value, consideration should be given as to what the 
Early Redemption Amount should be.) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Bearer 
Notes: 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note which is 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive 
Notes 
upon 
an 
Exchange Event] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, 
except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 
December 20056]  
 
(N.B.  The option for an issue of Notes to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes should not be 
expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 5 includes 
language substantially to the following effect: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].” .)] 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for 
[a common depositary][a common safekeeper] for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
25. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to 
which sub-paragraph 14(c) relates) 
26. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
                                                     
6 Include for Notes that are to be offered in Belgium.

--- Page 55 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
55 
 
 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made/No] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of Aker BP ASA: 
By:  .........................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 56 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
56 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application [has been/is expected to be] made by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange with 
effect from [         ] / [Not Applicable]] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted to 
trading) 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[         ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected 
to be]] rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally]: 
 
[insert details]] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms].   
 
Each of [defined terms] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA 
Regulation)] 
 
Each of [defined terms] is established in the United 
Kingdom and is registered in accordance with 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
UK 
domestic 
law 
by 
virtue 
of 
the 
[EUWA][European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018) 
(the UK CRA Regulation)] 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published by 
the rating provider.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.)

--- Page 57 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
57 
 
 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as 
the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  
The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services 
for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business][Amend as appropriate if there are 
other interests]  
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Offering Circular under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
4. 
 REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See “Use of Proceeds” in the Offering Circular/Give 
details] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Offering 
Circular – if reasons for offer different from what is 
disclosed in the Offering Circular, give details) 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[         ] 
 
 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
Indication of yield: 
[         ] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[         ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[         ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN 
[[See/[[include code ], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]  
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than  
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment

--- Page 58 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
58 
 
 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[         ]  
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:  
[Yes.  Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper] 
[include this text for Registered Notes which are to 
be held under the NSS] and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]/ 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes 
may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper][include this text for Registered Notes].  
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life.  Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged”

--- Page 59 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
59 
 
 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction)

--- Page 60 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
60 
 
 
 
APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt Notes 
issued under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); (ii) or a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation.]7 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) and any rules 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]8  
[MiFID II/UK MiFIR product governance / target market – [appropriate target market legend to be 
included]] 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
(CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (the 
SFA) - [Insert notice if classification of the Notes is not “prescribed capital markets products”, pursuant to 
Section 309B of the SFA or Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on 
the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products)].]9 
                                                     
7 Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information document 
will be prepared in the EEA or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction 
should be specified to be "Applicable". 
8 Legend to be included on the front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the UK or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling 
restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
9 Relevant Manager(s)/Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of 
the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 61 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
61 
 
 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 FOR 
THE ISSUE OF NOTES DESCRIBED BELOW 
[Date] 
Aker BP ASA 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300NFTY73920OYK69  
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €2,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to either of Article 3 of the 
Prospectus Regulation or section 85 of the FSMA or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to either of Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation or Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to 
such offer.]10 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Notes described herein. This document must be 
read in conjunction with the Offering Circular dated 29 April 2021 [as supplemented by the supplement[s] 
dated [date[s]]] (the Offering Circular). Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Offering Circular.  Copies of 
the Offering Circular may be obtained from [address]. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the Conditions) 
set forth in the Offering Circular [dated [original date] [and the supplement dated [date]] which are 
incorporated by reference in the Offering Circular].11 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”.  Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs.  
Italics denote directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.]  
 
1. 
Issuer: 
Aker BP ASA 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[         ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to 
                                                     
10 Include relevant legend wording here for the [EEA][and][UK] if the "Prohibition of Sales" legend and related selling restriction for that regime are 
not included/not specified to be "Applicable" (because the Notes do not constitute "packaged" products, or a key information document will be 
prepared, under that regime). 
11 Only include this language where it is a fungible issue and the original Tranche was issued under an Offering Circular with a different date.

--- Page 62 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
62 
 
 
in paragraph [   ] below, which is expected to occur 
on or about [date]][Not Applicable]  
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[         ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[         ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[         ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation to 
calculation of interest in global form 
see Conditions): 
[         ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination.  If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor.  
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.)  
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[         ]  
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for Floating Rate Notes – Interest 
Payment Date falling in [or nearest to] [specify 
month and year]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[         ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[specify Reference Rate] +/- [         ] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
[specify other] 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [         ] per cent. of their nominal 
amount 
 
[specify other] 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify details of any provision for change of Notes 
into another Interest Basis or Redemption/Payment 
Basis][Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call]

--- Page 63 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
63 
 
 
 
[Make-Whole Redemption]  
 
[Issuer Residual Call] 
 
[Investor Put]  
 
[Change of Control Put] 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13. 
Date [Board] approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
[         ] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes)  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[         ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for Notes 
in definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions): 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions): 
 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [         ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360/Actual/Actual (ICMA)/specify other] 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[         ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon) 
(g) 
Other terms relating to the method 
of calculating interest for Fixed Rate 
Notes which are Exempt Notes: 
[None/Give details] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
[         ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with

--- Page 64 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
64 
 
 
Interest Payment Dates: 
the Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, 
not subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]  
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention/[specify other]] [Not Applicable]  
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[         ][Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount is to be 
determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/specify other] 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Principal Paying Agent): 
[         ] (the Calculation Agent)  
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[         ] month 
[EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR/specify 
other 
Reference Rate] (Either EURIBOR, NIBOR, STIBOR 
or other, although additional information is required 
if other, including fallback provisions in the 
Conditions.)  
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[         ] 
(The second day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR, the second Oslo business day prior to the 
start of each Interest Period if NIBOR and the 
second Stockholm business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if STIBOR) 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[         ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[         ] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[         ] 
 
Reset Date: 
[         ] 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR 
based option, the first day of the Interest Period) 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be

--- Page 65 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
65 
 
 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)]  
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [         ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
 
Actual/360 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
 
[Other] 
(m) 
Fallback 
provisions, 
rounding 
provisions and any other terms 
relating to the method of calculating 
interest on Floating Rate Notes 
which are Exempt Notes, if different 
from those set out in the Conditions: 
[         ] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[         ] 
(c) 
Any 
other 
formula/basis 
of 
determining amount payable for 
Zero Coupon Notes which are 
Exempt Notes: 
[         ] 
(d) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
 
[Actual/365]  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Notice periods for Condition 7.2: 
Minimum period: [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days 
18. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[         ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount and 
method, if any, of calculation of 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix]

--- Page 66 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
66 
 
 
such amount(s): 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable, as the Notes are not 
redeemable in part] 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent.) 
19. 
Make-Whole Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Make-Whole Redemption Date(s): 
[         ] 
(b) 
Make-Whole Redemption Margin: 
[[  ] basis points/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Reference Bond: 
[CA Selected Bond/[         ]] 
(d) 
Quotation Time: 
[5.00 
p.m. 
[Brussels/London/[ 
]] 
time/Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Reference Rate Determination Date: 
[The [         ] Business Day preceding the relevant 
Make-Whole Redemption Date/Not Applicable] 
(f) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable, as the Notes are not 
redeemable in part] 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] 
(g) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements

--- Page 67 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
67 
 
 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent.) 
20. 
Issuer Residual Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Residual Call Early Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(b) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent.) 
21. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[         ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount and 
method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days’ notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent.) 
22. 
Change of Control Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraph of this paragraph) 
Change of Control Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
23. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
24. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event 
of default and/or the method of calculating 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per

--- Page 68 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
68 
 
 
the same (if required): 
cent. of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early 
Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but 
consider).  If, however, the Final Redemption 
Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the nominal 
value, consideration should be given as to what the 
Early Redemption Amount should be.) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form:  
[Bearer 
Notes: 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note which is 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive 
Notes 
upon 
an 
Exchange Event] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes upon an Exchange Event]  
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, 
except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 
December 200512]] 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for 
[a common depositary][a common safekeeper] for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No]  
26. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to 
which sub-paragraph 15(c) relates) 
27. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made/No] 
28. 
Other terms or special conditions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing Supplement. [[Relevant third 
party information] has been extracted from [specify source].  The Issuer confirms that such information has 
                                                     
12 Include for Notes that are to be offered in Belgium.

--- Page 69 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
69 
 
 
been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published 
by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. 
 
Signed on behalf of Aker BP ASA: 
By:  .........................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 70 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
70 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be made] 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
listed on [specify market – note this must not be an 
EEA regulated market or the London Stock 
Exchange's main market] with effect from [         ].] 
[Not Applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected 
to be]] rated [insert details] by [insert the legal name 
of the relevant credit rating agency entity(ies)].  
 
(The above disclosure is only required if the ratings 
of the Notes are different to those stated in the 
Offering Circular)  
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers named 
below/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an 
interest material to the offer.  The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in 
the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may 
perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business][Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests]  
4. 
[USE OF PROCEEDS] 
[    ] 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[         ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[         ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)]

--- Page 71 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
71 
 
 
identification number(s): 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[         ] 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:  
[Yes.  Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper] [include this text for Registered Notes 
which are to be held under the NSS] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life.  Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.]/ 
 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of this Pricing Supplement, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper [, and registered in 
the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper] [include this text for Registered 
Notes].  Note that this does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life.  Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vi) 
Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(Additional selling restrictions are only likely to be

--- Page 72 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
72 
 
 
relevant for certain structured Notes, such as 
commodity-linked Notes) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(ix) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction)

--- Page 73 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
73 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each 
Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant 
stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the 
time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached 
thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to any Tranche of Exempt 
Notes may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent 
inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the following Terms and Conditions 
for the purpose of such Notes. The applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement (or in either case the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, 
each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to “Applicable Final Terms” or 
“Applicable Pricing Supplement”, as applicable, for a description of the content of Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant 
Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Aker BP ASA (the Issuer) pursuant to the 
Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note;  
(c) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form (Bearer Notes) issued in exchange for a Global Note in bearer 
form; and 
(d) 
any definitive Notes in registered form (Registered Notes) (whether or not issued in exchange for a 
Global Note in registered form). 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency Agreement (such Agency 
Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency Agreement) 
dated 29 April 2021 and made between the Issuer, The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch as 
issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the Principal Paying Agent, which expression shall 
include any successor principal paying agent), The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch as 
registrar (the Registrar, which expression shall include any successor registrar, and together with the 
Principal Paying Agent and any additional or successor paying agent(s), the Paying Agents) and a transfer 
agent and the other transfer agent named therein (together with the Registrar, the Transfer Agents, which 
expression shall include any additional or successor transfer agents). The Principal Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent (if any is specified in the applicable Final Terms), the Registrar, the Paying Agents and 
the other Transfer Agents are together referred to as the Agents. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of Final Terms attached 
to or endorsed on this Note which completes these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions) or, if this Note is 
a Note which is neither admitted to trading on (i) a regulated market in the European Economic Area or (ii) a 
UK regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, nor offered in (i) the European Economic Area or (ii) 
the United Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation or the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as the case may be (an Exempt Note), the final 
terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Pricing Supplement and may specify 
other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the

--- Page 74 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
74 
 
 
Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for the purposes of this Note.  References to the applicable 
Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) 
attached to or endorsed on this Note.  Any reference in the Conditions to applicable Final Terms shall be 
deemed to include a reference to applicable Pricing Supplement where relevant. The expression Prospectus 
Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Bearer Notes 
which, when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further 
Coupons (Talons) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Registered Notes and Global Notes 
do not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean (in the case of Bearer Notes) 
the holders of the Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose name the Notes are 
registered and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below.  
Any reference herein to Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of 
Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and 
conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first 
payment of interest thereon, the date from which interest starts to accrue and the Issue Date. 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant (such Deed of 
Covenant as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Deed of Covenant) dated 
29 April 2021 and made by the Issuer.  The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common 
depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the  Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant (i) are available for inspection or collection 
during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents or (ii) may be provided by 
email to a Noteholder following their prior written request to any Paying Agent or the Issuer and provision of 
proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent or the Issuer, as the case 
may be). If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). If this Note is an Exempt Note, the applicable Pricing Supplement will only be obtainable 
by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the 
Issuer and the relevant Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. The Noteholders and the 
Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. The 
statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have 
the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise 
stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable 
Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In the Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended.

--- Page 75 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
75 
 
 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, in 
the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the Specified Currency) and the 
denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Notes of 
one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination 
and Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes and vice versa. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note, or a combination 
of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in 
which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to the 
Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement.  The Issuer and any Agent will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and 
treat the bearer of any Bearer Note or Coupon and the registered holder of any Registered Note as 
the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or 
writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any 
Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person 
(other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records 
of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such 
Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the 
Issuer and the Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than 
with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which 
purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note or the registered holder of the relevant 
Registered Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Agent as the holder of such nominal 
amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and 
the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.  
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of 
the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED NOTES  
2.1 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, 
indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors and transferees of such 
interests.  A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Notes in definitive form or for a 
beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note of the same Series, in each case only in the 
Specified Denomination(s) set out in the applicable Final Terms and only in accordance with the

--- Page 76 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
76 
 
 
rules and operating procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the Agency Agreement.   
2.2 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Subject as provided in Condition 2.3 below, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in 
the Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in definitive form may be transferred in whole or in part 
(in the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the applicable Final Terms). In order to effect any such 
transfer (a) the holder or holders must (i) surrender the Registered Note for registration of the 
transfer of the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) at the specified office of 
any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof 
or his or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and (ii) complete and deposit such 
other certifications as may be required by the relevant Transfer Agent and (b) the relevant Transfer 
Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of 
the person making the request.  Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable regulations as 
the Issuer and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial such regulations being set 
out in Schedule 7 to the Agency Agreement). Subject as provided above, the relevant Transfer Agent 
will, within three business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business 
in the city where the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or 
such longer period as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws or 
regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, at its specified 
office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured mail, to such address as the 
transferee may request, a new Registered Note in definitive form of a like aggregate nominal amount 
to the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) transferred.  In the case of the 
transfer of part only of a Registered Note in definitive form, a new Registered Note in definitive 
form in respect of the balance of the Registered Note not transferred will be so authenticated and 
delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor. 
2.3 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 7, the Issuer shall not be required to 
register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a Registered Note, called for partial 
redemption. 
2.4 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of 
transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular 
uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any 
stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES  
The Notes and any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among 
themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all other 
unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, from time to time 
outstanding.

--- Page 77 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
77 
 
 
4. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
4.1 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement), the Issuer 
will not, and the Issuer will procure that none of its Subsidiaries (as defined below) will, create or 
have outstanding any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security interest (each a Security 
Interest), other than a Permitted Security Interest, upon, or with respect to, any of the present or 
future undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) of the Issuer and/or any of its 
Subsidiaries, to secure any Relevant Indebtedness (as defined below), unless the Issuer, in the case 
of the creation of a Security Interest, before or at the same time and, in any other case, promptly, 
takes any and all action necessary to ensure that: 
(a) 
all amounts payable by it under the Notes and any relative Coupons are secured by the 
Security Interest equally and rateably with the Relevant Indebtedness; or 
(b) 
such other Security Interest or other arrangement (whether or not it includes the giving of a 
Security Interest) is provided as is approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in 
the Agency Agreement) of the Noteholders. 
4.2 
Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
Permitted Security Interest means: (i) any Security Interest existing on the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes; (ii) any Security Interest securing Relevant Indebtedness of a person existing 
at the time that such person is merged into, or consolidated with, the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the 
Issuer, provided that such Security Interest was not created in contemplation of such merger or 
consolidation, the principal amount secured was not increased in contemplation of or since such 
merger or consolidation and such Security Interest does not extend to any other assets or property of 
the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer; (iii) any Security Interest existing on any property or 
assets prior to the acquisition thereof by the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer, provided that such 
Security Interest was not created in contemplation of such acquisition and the principal amount 
secured was not increased in contemplation of or since such acquisition; or (iv) any renewal of or 
substitution for any Security Interest permitted by any of paragraphs (i) to (iii) (inclusive) of this 
definition, provided that with respect to any such Security Interest (A) the principal amount secured 
has not increased, and (B) the Security Interest has not been extended to any additional assets; 
Relevant Indebtedness means: (i) any present or future indebtedness (whether being principal, 
premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture 
stock, loan stock or other securities which are for the time being or are capable of being quoted, 
listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, over-the-counter or other securities market; and 
(ii) any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any such indebtedness; and  
Subsidiary means, in relation to any person (the first person) at any particular time, any other 
person (the second person): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the first person controls or has power to control, whether by 
ownership or share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the 
governing body of the second person or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first person.

--- Page 78 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
78 
 
 
5. 
INTEREST 
5.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest.  Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount.  Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any 
period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) Registered 
Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (A) the Fixed Rate 
Notes represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered Notes; or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as 
applicable, to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of Fixed Rates Notes which are Registered 
Notes in definitive form or the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer 
Notes in definitive form) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention.   
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive form is 
a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate 
Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the 
Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the 
Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in accordance 
with this Condition 5.1: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the

--- Page 79 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
79 
 
 
product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number 
of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur 
in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In these Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent.  
5.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an Interest 
Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the 
case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period.  In these Conditions, Interest Period 
means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the 
Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 80 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
80 
 
 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, 
then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 5.2(a)(ii) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) 
above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions 
of (ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall 
be the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, Business Day means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London and each Additional Business Centre (other than TARGET2 System) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined 
in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period

--- Page 81 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
81 
 
 
will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any).  For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), ISDA Rate for an Interest Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, were acting as Calculation 
Agent (as defined in the ISDA Definitions (as defined below)) for that swap transaction 
under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the ISDA Definitions) and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), Floating Rate, Floating Rate Option, 
Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA 
Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either EURIBOR, 
NIBOR or STIBOR, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as 
the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service 
which displays the information) as at the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date 
in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all 
as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable. If five 
or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest 
(or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
shall be disregarded by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such 
offered quotations. 
If, other than in the circumstances described in Condition 5.2(h) below, the Relevant Screen 
Page is not available or if, in the case of Condition 5.2(b)(ii)(A) above, no offered quotation 
appears or, in the case of Condition 5.2(b)(ii)(B) above, fewer than three offered quotations 
appear, in each case as at the time specified in the preceding paragraph, the Issuer shall 
request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate 
per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest

--- Page 82 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
82 
 
 
Determination Date in question.  If two or more of the Reference Banks (at the request of the 
Issuer) provide the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, with 
offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of 
the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined 
by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks (at the 
request of the Issuer) provides the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, determines as being the arithmetic 
mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the rates, as communicated (at the request of the Issuer) to the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by the Reference Banks or any two or more 
of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal 
to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-
zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the Norwegian inter-bank 
market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR) or the Stockholm interbank market (if the 
Reference Rate is STIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer 
than two of the Reference Banks (at the request of the Issuer) provide the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, with offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used 
for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the 
opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the Norwegian inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is NIBOR) or the Stockholm interbank market (if the Reference Rate is 
STIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, 
the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the 
relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
In the case of Exempt Notes, if the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating 
Rate Notes is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as being other than EURIBOR, 
NIBOR or STIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes will be determined as 
provided in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
In this Condition 5.2(b)(ii): 
Reference Banks means, in the case of: (I) a determination of EURIBOR, the principal 
Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market; (II) a 
determination of NIBOR, the principal Oslo office of four major banks in the Norwegian 
inter-bank market; and (III) a determination of STIBOR, the principal Stockholm office of

--- Page 83 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
83 
 
 
four major banks in the Stockholm inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Issuer; 
and 
Specified Time means 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, 12.00 
noon (Oslo time) if the Reference Rate is NIBOR or 11.00 a.m. (Stockholm time) if the 
Reference Rate is STIBOR. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with 
the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with 
the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will at or as soon as reasonably 
practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of 
Interest for the relevant Interest Period.   
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the amount of 
interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by 
applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) 
Registered Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (A) the 
Notes represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered Notes; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive form is a 
multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the 
product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and 
the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination 
without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 5.2: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);

--- Page 84 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
84 
 
 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling 
in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360







 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360







 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;

--- Page 85 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
85 
 
 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360







 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by straight line linear interpolation 
by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where 
ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be 
determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next 
shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if 
the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period 
of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such 
sources as such sources as an independent adviser, appointed by the Issuer and acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonably manner, determines appropriate.  
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate.

--- Page 86 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
86 
 
 
(f) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable,  will cause the Rate of Interest 
and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be 
notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the 
time being listed (by no later than the first day of each Interest Period) and notice thereof to be 
published in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as reasonably practicable after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter (provided, 
however, that if the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, is unable to 
notify such relevant stock exchange, it shall notify the Issuer as soon as reasonably practicable who 
will procure such notification). Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  Any such 
amendment will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate 
Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. For the 
purposes of this paragraph, the expression London Business Day means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business 
in London. 
(g) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 5.2 by the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall (in the absence of manifest 
error) be binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the other Agents and all Noteholders and 
Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or fraud) no liability to the Issuer, the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable,  in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(h) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time when 
these Conditions provide for any remaining Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with 
Condition 5.2(h)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with 
Condition 5.2(h)(iii)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 
5.2(h)(iv)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5.2(h) shall act in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner and (in the absence of wilful default or fraud) 
shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Agents, any other party specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest, the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this 
Condition 5.2(h). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines that:

--- Page 87 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
87 
 
 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate (as adjusted by the applicable 
Adjustment Spread as provided in Condition 5.2(h)(iii)) shall subsequently be used 
in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest 
(or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of 
interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 5.2(h)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate (as adjusted by the applicable Adjustment Spread as provided in 
Condition 5.2(h)(iii)) shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) 
thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
further operation of this Condition 5.2(h)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with Condition 
5.2(h)(ii), the Independent Adviser shall determine an Adjustment Spread (which may be 
expressed as a specified quantum, or a formula or methodology for determining the 
applicable Adjustment Spread (and for the avoidance of doubt an Adjustment Spread may be 
positive, negative or zero)), which Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant 
Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5.2(h) and the Independent Adviser 
determines (A) that amendments to these Conditions (including, without limitation, 
amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business Day or Relevant Screen 
Page) are necessary to follow market practice or to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread 
(such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (B) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 5.2(h)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders or 
Couponholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with 
effect from the date specified in such notice. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
The Issuer will notify the Principal Paying Agent, any other party specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest, the Paying Agents and, 
in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders promptly of any Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments 
determined under this Condition 5.2(h). Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify 
the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) will (in the absence of manifest error in the determination 
of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, any 
other party specified in the applicable Final Terms as being responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders and Couponholders as of their 
effective date.

--- Page 88 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
88 
 
 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under the provisions of this Condition 
5.2(h), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 
5.2(b)(ii) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
(vii) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination of 
the Rate of Interest on the relevant Interest Determination Date, no Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable) or (in either case) applicable Adjustment Spread is 
determined and notified to the Principal Paying Agent or any other party specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest (as 
applicable), in each case pursuant to this Condition 5.2(h), prior to such Interest 
Determination Date, the Original Reference Rate will continue to apply for the purposes of 
determining such Rate of Interest on such Interest Determination Date, with the effect that 
the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 5.2(b)(ii) will (if applicable) continue to 
apply to such determination. 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 5.2(h)(vii) shall apply to the determination of the 
Rate of Interest on the relevant Interest Determination Date only, and the Rate of Interest 
applicable to any subsequent Interest Period(s) is subject to the subsequent operation of, and 
to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5.2(h). 
(viii) 
Definitions 
As used in this Condition 5.2(h): 
Adjustment Spread means either (A) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or 
(B) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which is to be applied 
to the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula 
or methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate or (where (A) above does not apply) in the case of 
a Successor Rate, the Independent Adviser determines is recognised or 
acknowledged as being in customary market usage in international debt capital 
markets transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate 
has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be); or 
(C) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that neither (A) nor (B) above applies) the 
Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate, having regard to the objective, so 
far as is reasonably practicable in the circumstances, of reducing or eliminating any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders and 
Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
Alternative Rate means an alternative to the Original Reference Rate which the 
Independent Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 5.2(h)(ii) above has replaced 
the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital

--- Page 89 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
89 
 
 
markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) for debt securities with a commensurate interest period and in the same 
Specified Currency as the Notes, or if the Independent Adviser determines that there is no 
such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser determines in its sole discretion is most 
comparable to the Original Reference Rate; 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 5.2(h)(iv) above; 
Benchmark Event means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for at least five Business Days 
or ceasing to exist or be administered; or 
(B) 
the later of (I) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the 
Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate) and (II) the date falling six months prior to the specified 
date referred to in (B)(I); or 
(C) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or 
(D) 
the later of (I) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, 
on or before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (II) 
the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (D)(I); or 
(E) 
the later of (I) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate 
will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences, in each case on or before a specified date and (II) the date 
falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (E)(I); or 
(F) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for the 
Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, any other party specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest or any Paying Agent 
to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder or Couponholder using 
the Original Reference Rate; or 
(G) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such 
Original Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer 
representative of its underlying market or may no longer be used; 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise in the international debt capital 
markets appointed by the Issuer, at its own expense, under this Condition 5.2(h); 
Original Reference Rate means the originally specified Reference Rate in the applicable 
Final Terms used to determine the relevant Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
in respect of any Interest Period(s) (provided that if, following one or more Benchmark 
Events, such originally specified Reference Rate (or any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
which has replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a further) Successor Rate or Alternative

--- Page 90 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
90 
 
 
Rate and a Benchmark Event subsequently occurs in respect of such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate, the term Original Reference Rate shall include any such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate); 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, or 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of the Original Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (I) the central bank for the currency to which the 
Original Reference Rate relates, (II) any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate, (III) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (IV) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which 
is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
5.3 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused.  In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the 
earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Note has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, 
and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
6. 
PAYMENTS 
6.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively); and 
(b) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer or its Agents are subject, 
but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 and (ii) any withholding or deduction required 
pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 
(the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any

--- Page 91 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
91 
 
 
regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 8) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
6.2 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made 
in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the 
case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Bearer Notes, and payments of 
interest in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid 
only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the 
States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) 
should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which 
expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured 
Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not 
being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the 
sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment.  Each amount of 
principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative 
missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 8) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become 
void under Condition 9) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise 
have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its 
Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further 
Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons 
shall be made in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed 
Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the 
aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note 
on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after 
that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
(if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date 
or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of 
the relevant definitive Bearer Note. 
6.3 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note in 
bearer form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to 
definitive Bearer Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where 
applicable against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made, 
distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on 
such Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable.

--- Page 92 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
92 
 
 
6.4 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be 
made against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of the Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying 
Agents. Such payments will be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of 
the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the register of 
holders of the Registered Notes maintained by the Registrar (the Register) (i) where in global form, 
at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at 
the close of business on the third business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open 
for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due 
date. For these purposes, Designated Account means the account (which, in the case of a payment 
in Japanese yen to a non resident of Japan, shall be a non resident account) maintained by a holder 
with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and Designated Bank means (in the 
case of payment in a Specified Currency other than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of 
the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or 
New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) and (in the case of a payment in 
euro) any bank which processes payments in euro. 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made 
by transfer on the due date to the Designated Account of the holder (or the first named of joint 
holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the Register (i) where in global form, at the close of the 
business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are 
open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of 
business on the fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day) before the relevant 
due date (the Record Date).  Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered Note on 
redemption will be made in the same manner as payment of the principal amount of such Registered 
Note. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the holders by the Registrar in respect of any 
payments of principal or interest in respect of Registered Notes. 
None of the Issuer or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records 
relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global 
Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership 
interests. 
6.5 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, 
the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal 
amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal 
and/or interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the 
United States if:

--- Page 93 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
93 
 
 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. 
dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and 
interest on the Bearer Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
6.6 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay.  For these 
purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 9) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits): 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of presentation; 
and 
(ii) 
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
6.7 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 8; 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes;  
(e) 
the Make-Whole Redemption Amount (if any) of the Notes;

--- Page 94 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
94 
 
 
(f) 
the Residual Call Early Redemption Amount (if any) of the Notes;  
(g) 
the Change of Control Redemption Amount (if any) of the Notes; and 
(h) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 8. 
7. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
7.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
7.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 7.5, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in 
part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this 
Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the 
maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Principal Paying Agent and, 
in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in 
Condition 8) or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which 
agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect 
of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Principal Paying Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a 
certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of 
the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised 
standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a 
result of such change or amendment. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 7.5 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the date of redemption. 
7.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer  
(a) 
Issuer Call

--- Page 95 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
95 
 
 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having 
given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption and any applicable record date), redeem 
all or (if redemption in part is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms) some only 
of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. If redemption in part is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less 
than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in 
each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will (i) in 
the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, be selected individually by lot and (ii) 
in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, be selected in accordance with the 
rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their 
discretion), not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being 
hereinafter called the Selection Date). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive 
Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with 
Condition 14 not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. No exchange of the 
relevant global Note will be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to 
(and including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 7.3 and notice to that effect 
shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 at least 15 days prior 
to the Selection Date. 
(b) 
Make-Whole Redemption 
If Make-Whole Redemption is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
may, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (which 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption (the Make-Whole 
Redemption Date) and any applicable record date), redeem all or (if redemption in part is specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms) some only of the Notes then outstanding on any 
Make-Whole Redemption Date and at the Make-Whole Redemption Amount together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date. If 
redemption in part is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any such 
redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not 
more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Redeemed Notes will (i) in the case of Redeemed 
Notes represented by definitive Notes, be selected individually by lot and (ii) in the case of 
Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, be selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion), on a 
Selection Date not more than 30 days prior to the Make-Whole Redemption Date. In the case of 
Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed 
Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 14 not less than 15 days prior to the Make-
Whole Redemption Date. No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted during the 
period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the Make-Whole Redemption Date 
and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
14 at least 15 days prior to the Selection Date.

--- Page 96 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
96 
 
 
In this Condition 7.3(b), Make-Whole Redemption Amount means (A) the outstanding principal 
amount of the relevant Note or (B) if higher, the sum, as determined by the Make-Whole Calculation 
Agent, of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest to 
maturity (or, if Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and the 
Optional Redemption Amount is specified as being an amount per Calculation Amount equal to 100 
per cent. of the principal amount of the relevant Note, the remaining scheduled payments of interest 
to the first Optional Redemption Date (assuming the Notes to be redeemed on such date), as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the Notes to be redeemed (not including any portion of 
such payments of interest accrued to the date of redemption) discounted to the Make-Whole 
Redemption Date on an annual basis at the Reference Rate plus the Make-Whole Redemption 
Margin specified in the applicable Final Terms, where: 
CA Selected Bond means a government security or securities (which, if the Specified Currency is 
euro, will be a German Bundesobligationen) selected by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent as 
having a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the Notes to be redeemed that would be 
utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new 
issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of such Notes; 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent means an independent investment, merchant or commercial bank 
or financial institution selected by the Issuer for the purposes of calculating the Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount, and notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14; 
Reference Bond means (A) if CA Selected Bond is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant CA Selected Bond or (B) if CA Selected Bond is not specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the security specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that if the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent advises the Issuer that, for reasons of illiquidity or otherwise, the relevant security 
specified is not appropriate for such purpose, the Reference Bond shall be such other central bank or 
government security as the Make-Whole Calculation Agent may, with the advice of Reference 
Market Makers, determine to be appropriate; 
Reference Bond Price means (i) the arithmetic mean of five Reference Market Maker Quotations 
for the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date, after excluding the highest and lowest Reference 
Market Maker Quotations, (ii) if the Make-Whole Calculation Agent obtains fewer than five, but 
more than one, such Reference Market Maker Quotations, the arithmetic mean of all such 
quotations, or (iii) if only one such Reference Market Maker Quotation is obtained, the amount of 
the Reference Market Maker Quotation so obtained; 
Reference Market Maker Quotations means, with respect to each Reference Market Maker and 
any Make-Whole Redemption Date, the arithmetic mean, as determined by the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent, of the bid and asked prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a 
percentage of its principal amount) quoted in writing to the Make-Whole Calculation Agent at the 
Quotation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms on the Reference Rate Determination Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Market Makers means five brokers or market makers of securities such as the Reference 
Bond selected by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent or such other five persons operating in the 
market for securities such as the Reference Bond as are selected by the Make-Whole Calculation 
Agent in consultation with the Issuer; and 
Reference Rate means, with respect to any Make-Whole Redemption Date, the rate per annum 
equal to the equivalent yield to maturity of the Reference Bond, calculated using a price for the 
Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reference Bond 
Price for such Make-Whole Redemption Date. The Reference Rate will be calculated on the 
Reference Rate Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 97 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
97 
 
 
(c) 
Issuer Residual Call 
If Issuer Residual Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and, at any 
time, the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Notes is 25 per cent. or less of the aggregate 
nominal amount of the Series issued (other than as a result (in whole or in part) of a partial 
redemption of the Notes pursuant to Condition 7.3(a) and/or (b)), the Notes may be redeemed at the 
option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or 
on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the 
minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption) at the Residual Call Early 
Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
7.4 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders 
(a) 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders other than a Change of Control Put (Investor 
Put) 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any 
Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 not less than the minimum period nor 
more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, 
upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the 
Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is 
in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered 
Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Registrar falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form 
(for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the case 
may be, the Registrar (a Put Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account to which 
payment is to be made under this Condition and, in the case of Registered Notes, the nominal 
amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount of the Registered Notes so 
surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Registered Note in respect of the balance 
of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 
2.2. If this Note is in definitive bearer form, the Put Notice must be accompanied by this Note or 
evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put 
Notice, be held to its order or under its control, and all unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) 
relating thereto shall be dealt with as per the provisions of Condition 6.2. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this 
Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in 
accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may 
include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be for them to the Principal Paying 
Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from 
time to time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 7.4(a) shall be 
irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and

--- Page 98 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
98 
 
 
is continuing, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw 
the notice given pursuant to this Condition 7.4(a) and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and 
payable pursuant to Condition 10. 
(b) 
Change of Control Put 
(i) 
If Change of Control Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and, 
at any time while any Notes remain outstanding, a Change of Control Triggering Event (as 
defined below) occurs, the holder of each Note will have the option (the Change of Control 
Put Option) (unless, prior to the giving of the Put Event Notice referred to below, the Issuer 
gives notice to redeem the Notes under Condition 7.2) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at 
the Issuer's option, to purchase (or procure the purchase of) that Note on the Change of 
Control Redemption Date (as defined below) at its Change of Control Redemption Amount 
together, if appropriate, with (or, where purchased, together with an amount equal to) 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the Change of Control Redemption Date.  
(ii) 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Change of Control Triggering Event has 
occurred, the Issuer shall give notice (a Put Event Notice) to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 specifying the nature of the Change of Control Triggering Event and the 
circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for exercising the option contained in this 
Condition 7.4(b). 
(iii) 
To exercise the option to require redemption or, as the case may be, purchase of a Note 
under this Condition 7.4(b), the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in definitive form 
and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered 
Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may 
be, the Registrar falling within the period (the Change of Control Put Period) of 30 days 
after a Put Event Notice is given, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form 
(for the time being current) obtainable from the specified office of any Paying Agent or, as 
the case may be, the Registrar (a Put Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank 
account to which payment is to be made under this Condition 7.4(b) and, in the case of 
Registered Notes, the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full 
nominal amount of the Registered Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to 
which a new Registered Note in respect of the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent 
subject to and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 2.2. If this Note is in definitive 
bearer form, the Put Notice must be accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the 
Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to 
its order or under its control, and all unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto 
shall be dealt with as per the provisions of Condition 6.2. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption or, as the 
case may be, purchase of a Note under this Condition 7.4(b), the holder of this Note must, 
within the Change of Control Put Period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such 
exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case 
may be, for them to the Principal Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time. 
(iv) 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 
7.4(b) shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the Change of Control Redemption Date,

--- Page 99 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
99 
 
 
an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, in which event such holder, at its option, 
may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 
7.4(b) and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 10. 
(v) 
The Issuer shall redeem or, at the Issuer's option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) each 
Note in respect of which the Change of Control Put Option has been validly exercised in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 7.4(b) at their Change of Control 
Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with (or, where purchased, together with an 
amount equal to) interest accrued to (but excluding) the Change of Control Redemption Date 
on the Change of Control Redemption Date. 
(vi) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7.4(b): 
(1) 
acting in concert means acting together pursuant to an agreement or understanding 
(whether formal or informal); 
(2) 
a Change of Control shall be deemed to have occurred if any person or group of 
persons acting in concert (in each case other than one or more Permitted Holders) 
gains Control of the Issuer, provided that no Change of Control shall be deemed to 
occur by reason of the Issuer becoming a Subsidiary of a Successor Parent Holding 
Company; 
(3) 
Change of Control Period means the period commencing on the date of the first 
public announcement of an event that constitutes a Change of Control and ending 60 
days after the Change of Control having occurred (which period shall be extended for 
an additional 60 days if any Rating Agency has publicly announced that it is 
considering a possible downgrade of the Notes); 
(4) 
Change of Control Redemption Date means the date which is the seventh day after 
the last day of the Change of Control Put Period; 
(5) 
a Change of Control Triggering Event will be deemed to occur if a Change of 
Control occurs and on such date either the Notes have been assigned: 
(A) 
an Investment Grade Rating by one or more Rating Agencies with the 
agreement of the Issuer and, within the Change of Control Period, a Rating 
Downgrade in respect of the Change of Control occurs; or 
(B) 
a rating that is below an Investment Grade Rating by one or more Rating 
Agencies with the agreement of the Issuer and, within the Change of Control 
Period, a Rating Downgrade in respect of the Change of Control occurs;  
(6) 
Control means at any time, directly or indirectly, (A) having the ownership of more 
than 50 per cent. of the aggregate number of voting rights exercisable at a general 
meeting of an entity in accordance with such entity's articles of association (a General 
Meeting) or (2) having the capability to appoint the majority of the members of the 
board of directors of an entity, whether through the ownership of share capital, by 
contract or otherwise; 
(7) 
Investment Grade Rating means a rating equal to or higher than Baa3 (or equivalent) 
by Moody's or BBB− (or equivalent) by S&P and Fitch, or an equivalent rating by any 
other Rating Agency;

--- Page 100 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
100 
 
 
(8) 
Permitted Holder means (A) Aker ASA or one of its Subsidiaries or (B) BP p.l.c. or 
one of its Subsidiaries; 
(9) 
Rating Agency means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P), Moody's 
Investors Service Limited (Moody's), Fitch Ratings Limited (Fitch) and each of their 
respective successors, or any other internationally recognised securities rating agency 
or agencies, as the case may be, selected by the Issuer, which shall be substituted for 
S&P, Moody's, Fitch or any of these, as the case may be; 
(10) a Rating Downgrade shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of 
Control if, within the Change of Control Period, the rating previously assigned to the 
Notes by any Rating Agency at the invitation of the Issuer is (A) withdrawn and not 
subsequently reinstated within the Change of Control Period, (B) changed from an 
Investment Grade Rating to a non-Investment Grade Rating (for example, from BBB- 
to BB+ by S&P, or its equivalents for the time being, or worse) and not subsequently 
upgraded to an Investment Grade Rating within the Change of Control Period, or (C) 
if already a non-Investment Grade Rating, lowered one full rating category (for 
example, from BB+ to BB by S&P or such similar lower or equivalent rating) and not 
subsequently upgraded to the previously assigned rating or higher within the Change 
of Control Period, 
provided that a Rating Downgrade shall not occur pursuant to this Condition 
7.4(b)(vi)(10) if the Notes are assigned, with the agreement of the Issuer, an 
Investment Grade Rating by at least one Rating Agency at the expiry of the Change of 
Control Period, and provided further that a Rating Downgrade otherwise arising by 
virtue of a particular change in, or withdrawal of a, rating shall be deemed not to have 
occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control if the Rating Agency making the 
change in, or withdrawal of a, rating to which this definition would otherwise apply 
does not publicly announce or publicly confirm that the change or withdrawal was (in 
whole or in part) the result of the applicable Change of Control; and 
(11) Successor Parent Holding Company means, with respect to any person (the first 
person), any other person more than 50 per cent. of the aggregate number of voting 
rights (exercisable at a General Meeting) of which is, at the time the first person 
becomes a Subsidiary of such other person, beneficially owned by one or more 
persons that beneficially owned more than 50 per cent. of the aggregate number of 
voting rights (exercisable at a General Meeting) of the first person immediately prior 
to the first person becoming a Subsidiary of such other person. 
7.5 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 7.2 above and Condition 10:  
(a) 
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption 
Amount; and 
(b) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price;

--- Page 101 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
101 
 
 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the 
actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes 
to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which 
such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 
(in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
repayable and the denominator will be 365).  
7.6 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case 
of definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased 
therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, 
at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for cancellation. 
7.7 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption).  All Notes so cancelled 
and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 7.6 above (together with all 
unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying 
Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
7.8 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 7.1, 7.2, 7.3 or 7.4 above or upon its becoming due and repayable as 
provided in Condition 10 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect 
of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 7.5(b) above as 
though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero 
Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier 
of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar  and 
notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
8. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the 
Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges (Taxes) of whatever nature imposed or levied by 
or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such 
event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts

--- Page 102 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
102 
 
 
received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the 
respective amounts of principal and/or interest which would otherwise have been receivable in 
respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or 
deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or 
Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment in the Kingdom of Norway; or 
(b) 
the holder of which is liable for such Taxes in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of 
his having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such 
Note or Coupon; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except 
to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6.6); or 
(d) 
on account of any Taxes that are payable pursuant to the Norwegian Tax Act section 10-80 
on payments to related companies or undertakings  (as such term is defined in the 
Norwegian Tax Act section 10-82) tax resident in a low-tax jurisdiction (as such term is 
defined in the Norwegian Tax Act § 10-63). 
As used herein: 
(i) 
Tax Jurisdiction means the Kingdom of Norway or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax to which payments made 
by the Issuer of principal and interest on the Notes become generally subject; and 
(ii) 
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if 
the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, it means the date on 
which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
9. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes (whether in bearer or registered form) and Coupons will become void unless claims in 
respect of principal and/or interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and 
five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 6.2 or 
any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 6.2. 
10. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT  
10.1 
Events of Default  
If any one or more of the following events (each an Event of Default) shall occur and be continuing: 
(a) 
if default is made in the payment in the Specified Currency of any principal or interest due 
in respect of the Notes or any of them and the default continues for a period of 7 calendar 
days (in the case of principal) or 14 calendar days (in the case of interest); or

--- Page 103 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
103 
 
 
(b) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under these Conditions 
and (except in any case where the failure is incapable of remedy when no such continuation 
or notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues for the period of 
30 days next following the service by a Noteholder on the Issuer of notice requiring the 
same to be remedied; or 
(c) 
if (i) any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (as defined below) of the Issuer or any Material 
Subsidiary is declared or otherwise becomes due and repayable prematurely by reason of an 
event of default (however described); (ii) the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary fails to make 
any payment in respect of any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money on the due date for 
payment (after expiry of any originally applicable grace period); (iii) any security given by 
the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary for any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money becomes 
enforceable; or (iv) default is made by the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary in making any 
payment due under any guarantee and/or indemnity given by it in relation to any 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of any other person; provided that no event described in 
this Condition 10.1(c) shall constitute an Event of Default unless the relevant amount of 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money or other relative liability due and unpaid, either alone or 
when aggregated (without duplication) with other amounts of Indebtedness for Borrowed 
Money and/or other liabilities due and unpaid relative to all (if any) other events specified in 
(i) to (iv) above which have occurred and are continuing, amounts to at least 
U.S.$150,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency); or 
(d) 
if the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary fails to pay final judgments entered by a court or 
courts of competent jurisdiction aggregating in excess of U.S.$150,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency), which judgments are not paid, discharged, stayed or fully 
bonded for a period of 60 days (or, if later, by the date when payment is due pursuant to 
such judgment); or 
(e) 
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up or 
dissolution of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary, save (i) for the purposes of 
reorganisation on terms previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in 
the Agency Agreement) or (ii) in the case of any Material Subsidiary, in connection with a 
Permitted Reorganisation; or 
(f) 
if (i) the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the whole 
or substantially the whole of its business, save (A) for the purposes of reorganisation on 
terms previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution or (B) in the case of any Material 
Subsidiary, in connection with a Permitted Reorganisation, or (ii) the Issuer or any Material 
Subsidiary stops or threatens to stop payment of, or is unable to, or admits inability to, pay, 
its debts (or any class of its debts) as they fall due, or is deemed unable to pay its debts 
pursuant to or for the purposes of any applicable law, or is adjudicated or found bankrupt or 
insolvent; or  
(g) 
if (i) proceedings are initiated against the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary under any 
applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws, or an 
application is made (or documents filed with a court) for the appointment of an 
administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official, or an 
administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official is 
appointed, in relation to the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary or, as the case may be, in 
relation to the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any of them, or an 
encumbrancer takes possession of the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets 
of any of them, or a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, 
enforced upon, sued out or put in force against the whole or a substantial part of the

--- Page 104 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
104 
 
 
undertaking or assets of any of them and (ii) in any case (other than the appointment of an 
administrator) is not discharged within 14 days; or  
(h) 
if the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary initiates or consents to judicial proceedings relating 
to itself under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other 
similar laws (including the obtaining of a moratorium) or makes a conveyance or assignment 
for the benefit of, or enters into any composition or other arrangement with, its creditors 
generally (or any class of its creditors) or any meeting is convened to consider a proposal for 
an arrangement or composition with its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors), 
then any holder of a Note may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Principal 
Paying Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Principal Paying Agent, declare any 
Note held by it to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and 
payable at its Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of 
repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind. 
10.2 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money means any indebtedness (whether being principal, premium, 
interest or other amounts) for or in respect of any borrowed money or any liability under or in 
respect of any acceptance or acceptance credit or any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock, loan 
stock or other securities;  
Material Subsidiary means at any time a Subsidiary of the Issuer: 
(a) 
whose total income (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) 
or whose total assets (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) 
represent in each case (or, in the case of a Subsidiary acquired after the end of the financial 
period to which the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its 
Subsidiaries relate, are equal to) not less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated total income 
or, as the case may be, consolidated total assets, of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a 
whole, all as calculated respectively by reference to the then latest audited accounts 
(consolidated or, as the case may be, unconsolidated) of such Subsidiary and the then latest 
audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, provided that in the case of 
a Subsidiary of the Issuer acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then 
latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries relate, the reference to 
the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries for the 
purposes of the calculation above shall, until consolidated accounts for the financial period 
in which the acquisition is made have been prepared and audited as aforesaid, be deemed to 
be a reference to such first-mentioned accounts as if such Subsidiary had been shown in 
such accounts by reference to its then latest relevant audited accounts, adjusted as deemed 
appropriate by the Issuer; 
(b) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and assets of 
a Subsidiary of the Issuer which immediately prior to such transfer is a Material Subsidiary, 
provided that the transferor Subsidiary shall upon such transfer forthwith cease to be a 
Material Subsidiary and the transferee Subsidiary shall cease to be a Material Subsidiary 
pursuant to this subparagraph (b) on the date on which the consolidated accounts of the 
Issuer and its Subsidiaries for the financial period current at the date of such transfer have 
been prepared and audited as aforesaid but so that such transferor Subsidiary or such 
transferee Subsidiary may be a Material Subsidiary on or at any time after the date on which 
such consolidated accounts have been prepared and audited as aforesaid by virtue of the

--- Page 105 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
105 
 
 
provisions of subparagraph (a) above or, prior to or after such date, by virtue of any other 
applicable provision of this definition; or 
(c) 
to which is transferred an undertaking or assets which, taken together with the undertaking 
or assets of the transferee Subsidiary, generated (or, in the case of the transferee Subsidiary 
being acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then latest audited 
consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries relate, generate total income equal 
to) not less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated total income, or represent (or, in the case 
aforesaid, are equal to) not less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated total assets, of the 
Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated as referred to in subparagraph 
(a) above, provided that the transferor Subsidiary (if a Material Subsidiary) shall upon such 
transfer forthwith cease to be a Material Subsidiary unless immediately following such 
transfer its undertaking and assets generate (or, in the case aforesaid, generate total income 
equal to) not less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated total income, or its assets represent 
(or, in the case aforesaid, are equal to) not less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated total 
assets, of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated as referred to in 
subparagraph (a) above, and the transferee Subsidiary shall cease to be a Material Subsidiary 
pursuant to this subparagraph (c) on the date on which the consolidated accounts of the 
Issuer and its Subsidiaries for the financial period current at the date of such transfer have 
been prepared and audited but so that such transferor Subsidiary or such transferee 
Subsidiary may be a Material Subsidiary on or at any time after the date on which such 
consolidated accounts have been prepared and audited as aforesaid by virtue of the 
provisions of subparagraph (a) above or, prior to or after such date, by virtue of any other 
applicable provision of this definition, 
all as more particularly defined in the Agency Agreement; and 
Permitted Reorganisation means any disposal by any Material Subsidiary (such entity the 
disposing entity), to the Issuer or any other Material Subsidiary, of the whole or substantially the 
whole of the disposing entity's business on a solvent basis. 
11. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes or 
Coupons) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the claimant of such 
costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and 
indemnity as the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, may 
reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
12. 
AGENTS 
The initial Agents are set out above. If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection 
with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or 
other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Agent acts, 
provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and (in the case of Registered Notes) a 
Registrar;

--- Page 106 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
106 
 
 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) and 
a Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) with a specified office in such place as 
may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant 
authority; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated.  
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York 
City in the circumstances described in Condition 6.5. Notice of any variation, termination, 
appointment or change in Paying Agents will be given to the Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 14. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not 
assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder or Couponholder. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or 
converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets 
to become the successor agent. 
13. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon 
sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in 
respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 9. 
14. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (a) in a 
leading English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London and (b) if and for so long 
as the Bearer Notes are admitted to trading on, and listed on the Official List of, the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, a daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg or the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's website, www.bourse.lu. It is expected that any such publication in a newspaper will be 
made in the Financial Times in London and the Luxemburger Wort or the Tageblatt in Luxembourg.  
The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the 
rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Bearer Notes are for the time 
being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading including publication on the website of 
the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules. Any such notice will be 
deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in 
more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers.   
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class 
mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint 
holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given 
on the fourth day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are listed on a 
stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock 
exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published on the website of the 
relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in 
the place or places required by those rules. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream,

--- Page 107 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
107 
 
 
Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such websites or such 
mailing the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for 
communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are 
listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of 
that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published on the website of 
the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation 
in the place or places required by those rules.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given 
to the holders of the Notes on the day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
(in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal Paying 
Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes).  Whilst any of 
the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
15. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of 
conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) of the Noteholders to consider any matter 
affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of 
the Notes, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be 
convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders 
holding not less than five per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining 
outstanding.  The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or 
more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for 
the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing 
Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any 
meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or the 
Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest 
thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of 
the Notes, altering the currency of payment of the Notes or the Coupons or amending the Deed of 
Covenant in certain respects), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not 
less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any 
adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. The Agency Agreement provides that 
(i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement by a majority consisting of not less than three-fourths of the votes cast on such 
resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-
fourths in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding or (iii) consent given by way 
of electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Principal 
Paying Agent) by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding, shall, in each case, be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution 
of the Noteholders. An Extraordinary Resolution passed by the Noteholders will be binding on all 
the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at any meeting, and whether or not they voted on 
the resolution, and on all Couponholders. 
The Principal Paying Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, to any modification of the Notes, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant or the Agency 
Agreement which is, in each case in the sole opinion of the Issuer, (a) of a formal, minor or technical 
nature, (b) is made to correct a manifest error or (c) is made to comply with mandatory provisions of 
law.

--- Page 108 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
108 
 
 
In addition, the Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, amend these 
Conditions to give effect to any Benchmark Amendments in the circumstances and as otherwise set 
out in Condition 5.2(h). 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
16. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes 
or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon, the 
date from which interest starts to accrue and the Issue Date and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
17. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act. 
18. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
18.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the 
Notes and the Coupons are governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law. 
18.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 18.2(c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle 
any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons, including any 
dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or 
the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons (a Dispute) and 
accordingly each of the Issuer and any Noteholders or Couponholders in relation to any 
Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 18.2, the Issuer waives any objection to the English 
courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any 
Dispute.  
(c) 
To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders and the Couponholders may, in respect of any 
Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) 
concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
18.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Aker BP UK Limited at Cannon Place, 78 Cannon Street, London, 
EC4N 6AF, United Kingdom as its agent for service of process in any proceedings before the 
English courts in relation to any Dispute and agrees that, in the event of Aker BP UK Limited being 
unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will immediately appoint another person as its agent

--- Page 109 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
109 
 
 
for service of process in England in respect of any Dispute. The Issuer agrees that failure by a 
process agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate service. Nothing herein shall affect the 
right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
18.4 
Other documents  
The Issuer has in the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant submitted to the jurisdiction of 
the English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to 
those set out above.

--- Page 110 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
110 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes, 
which include making a profit. If, in respect of an issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this 
will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 111 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
111 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Overview 
We are a Norwegian oil and gas company with exploration, development and production activities 
exclusively on the NCS. We rank among the largest independent exploration and production (E&P) 
companies in Europe measured by production, and our market capitalisation as of 31 December 2020 was 
USD 9.1 billion. Headquartered in Bærum, Norway, with branch offices in Stavanger, Trondheim, 
Sandnessjøen and Harstad, Norway, we had 1,748 total employees as of 31 December 2020. We are 
currently listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange under the symbol “AKRBP.” As of 31 December 2020, we had 
a portfolio of 135 licences, with 79 as operator and 56 as a field participant. Aker BP ASA is owned by Aker 
ASA (40 per cent.), BP p.l.c. (30 per cent.) and other shareholders (30 per cent.). 
The address and telephone number of our registered office is Oksenøyveien 10, 1366 Lysaker, Bærum, 
Norway and +47 907 06 000. Our business address is Fornebuporten, Building B, Oksenøyveien 10, 1366 
Lysaker, Norway and our website address is www.akerbp.com. We were incorporated on 2 May 2006 with 
organisation number 989 795 848. 
As of 31 December 2020 we had interests in 16 producing fields, of which we are the operator for 11, 
predominantly concentrated around six production hubs on the NCS. We have a large resource base, with 2P 
oil and gas reserves of 842 mmboe and 2C contingent resources of 895 mmboe as of year-end 2020. Our key 
producing assets are: (i) the Alvheim field, (ii) the Ivar Aasen field, (iii) the Valhall field, (iv) the Ula field, 
(v) the Skarv field and (vi) the Johan Sverdrup field. Our oil and gas production in 2020 averaged 210,700 
barrels of oil equivalents per day (mboepd). Of this, 84 per cent. was oil and liquids, while 16 per cent. was 
natural gas. Our average net production for 2019 was 155,900 mboepd (80 per cent. liquids and 20 per cent. 
gas). 
Description of subsidiaries 
Aker BP UK Limited 
We own 100 per cent. of the private limited liability company Aker BP UK Limited (company number 
12908310), through our ownership of the Norske Oljeselskap AS. Aker BP UK Limited has entered into an 
agreement with Eni UK to take over a 50 per cent. interest in licence P2511 on the UKCS. Eni UK will 
remain the operator. The assignment transaction is to be formally approved by the UK Oil & Gas Authority.  
Licence P2511 is located on the borderline of the NCS in the greater Alvheim area. We, as operator, have 
made several discoveries in the Alvheim area on the Norwegian side, following a successful exploration 
campaign in 2019. 
The key objective of the newly established partnership between Eni UK and Aker BP UK Limited is to 
explore the resource potential across the UK border in the greater Alvheim area. 
Alvheim AS 
We hold a 65 per cent. interest in the Norwegian limited liability company Alvheim AS (organisation 
number 988 585 882). ConocoPhillips Skandinavia AS and Lundin Norway AS, the other participants in the 
Alvheim field, hold 20 per cent. and 15 per cent. of the shares, respectively. The ownership interest in 
Alvheim AS is equal to the participant’s interest in the Alvheim field. The sole business of Alvheim AS is to 
act as legal titleholder of the Alvheim floating production storage and offloading unit (FPSO). The costs of 
and benefits from operating the Alvheim FPSO are borne by the participants in the Alvheim field. Alvheim 
AS only has the function to serve as titleholder rather than owning the actual value of the production

--- Page 112 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
112 
 
 
facilities. Alvheim AS does not hold any material assets or liabilities and is not consolidated in our financial 
statements. 
Det norske oljeselskap AS 
We are the sole shareholder of the private limited liability company Det norske oljeselskap AS (formerly 
Marathon Oil Norge AS) (organisation number 923 702 962). The shares in Det norske oljeselskap AS were 
acquired in connection with the acquisition of Marathon Oil Norge AS, and its assets, rights and liabilities 
were subsequently transferred to us. This entity does not hold any material assets or liabilities and is not 
consolidated in our financial statements. 
Sandvika Fjellstue AS 
We own all shares in the private limited liability company Sandvika Fjellstue AS (organisation number 993 
952 451), the assets of which include our conference centre and mountain lodge located in Sandvika, 
Norway, used by us for courses, gatherings, management meetings, board meetings and conferences. In 
addition, our employees may use the mountain lodge in Sandvika in their spare time. Sandvika Fjellstue AS 
is not consolidated in our annual financial statements as it is not considered a material subsidiary. 
Our history 
The following provides a brief summary of our history and development: 
2001 ................. Pertra AS (Pertra) was founded by Petroleum Geo Services ASA (PGS) as an E&P 
company with a focus to exploit the potential of petroleum resources on the NCS. The 
potential benefits of collaboration between Pertra and PGS were the main argument for 
establishment. Pertra was approved as a licence holder and operator on the NCS in 
February 2002, being the first Norwegian newcomer on the NCS over the preceding 10 
years. 
2005 ................. PGS sold Pertra to Talisman Energy. Soon after, the management team in Pertra established 
a new company, Pertra Management. The new company negotiated a contract with 
Talisman Energy for the purchase of some of the assets Talisman had acquired from Pertra’s 
former owner. The result was the basis for the establishment of a new E&P company in 
Trondheim. “New” Pertra was established, with financial support from local investors. 
2007-2008 ........ Pertra merged with the Norwegian arm of DNO, which was organised through the company 
NOIL Energy. DNO changed its name to DNO International, while Pertra, as the surviving 
entity of the merger, changed its name to Det norske oljeselskap ASA or simply “Det norske” 
colloquially. The two companies were formally merged in 2008. In the same year, Det norske 
discovered Draupne, later renamed to Ivar Aasen. We are the operator and hold an ownership 
interest of 34.8 per cent. in the unit comprising the Ivar Aasen and West Cable deposits. 
2009 ................. A merger with Aker Exploration, an E&P company established by the Aker group in 2006, 
was formally approved in October 2009 with Aker Exploration as the surviving entity. The 
name of the merged company remained Det norske oljeselskap ASA. Aker ASA became 
the largest shareholder with an ownership interest of approximately 49.99 per cent. 
2011 ................. We participated in the significant discovery made by Equinor, at that time called Aldous 
Major, later to be known as part of Johan Sverdrup. 
2012 ................. We submitted the plan for development and operation (PDO) for the Ivar Aasen field to 
the Ministry of Petroleum and Energy. This was our first major development as an 
operator. 
2013 ................. With start-up of production on Jette, we became a fully-fledged oil company with activities 
in the entire chain of value creation: exploration, development and production.

--- Page 113 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
113 
 
 
2014 ................. We entered into an agreement to acquire all outstanding shares in Marathon Oil Norge AS. 
Following completion, we diversified our asset base to support further growth. 
2015 ................. On 13 February 2015, the PDO for Johan Sverdrup was submitted to the MPE. We 
acquired Svenska Petroleum Exploration AS and Premier Oil Norge AS in 2015. 
2016 ................. On 10 June 2016, we entered into an agreement with BP p.l.c. to merge with BP Norge AS 
through a share purchase transaction, also referred to as the BP Norge acquisition. On 30 
September 2016, we completed the BP Norge acquisition and merger with BP Norge and, 
under our new name Aker BP ASA, moved our headquarters to Fornebuporten in Bærum, 
Norway and began trading on the Oslo Stock Exchange under the symbol “AKERBP”. On 
24 December 2016 we achieved first oil at the Ivar Aasen field. 
2017 ................. On 22 December 2017, we acquired Hess Norge AS, and simultaneously divested a 10 per 
cent. share in Valhall and Hod to Pandion, following which we hold a 90 per cent. interest 
in each of the Valhall and Hod fields. 
2018 ................. On 31 July 2018, we acquired Total E&P Norge’s interests in a portfolio of 11 licences on 
the NCS. On 15 October 2018, we acquired Equinor’s 77.8 per cent. interest in the King 
Lear gas/condensate discovery in the Norwegian North Sea. 
2019 ................. On 5 October 2019, the Johan Sverdrup field, in which we have an 11.6 per cent. interest, 
commenced production. Johan Sverdrup has expected recoverable reserves of 2.7 billion 
barrels of oil equivalent. 
2020 ................. In April 2020 oil production at the Johan Sverdrup field reached the new phase 1 plateau of 
470,000 barrels of oil per day (bblpd). 
Overview of our producing fields and reserves 
Additional information about the fields and reserves described below can be found in notes 29 and 31 to the 
Issuer’s audited consolidated annual financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2020, 
which are incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular. 
 
Our main producing fields 
Our total production of oil and gas comes predominantly from six fields or hubs: Alvheim, Ivar Aasen, Johan 
Sverdrup, Skarv, Ula, and Valhall. 
Alvheim  
The Alvheim area consists of the fields Alvheim, Volund, Vilje, Bøyla and Skogul, which are all being 
produced through the Alvheim FPSO. Each of these fields is operated by us. The oil is exported by shuttle 
tankers, and the produced gas is exported through the Scottish Area Gas Evacuation (SAGE) system.  Our 
net production from the Alvheim area in 2020 averaged 55.4 mboepd. The operational performance was 
strong with a production efficiency of 96 per cent. 
The field development activities in the Alvheim area in 2020 included the Kameleon Infill Mid well, which 
started production in November, and was followed by the drilling of the start of the Boa Attic South well, 
which is planned to start production in the second quarter of 2021. Furthermore, a new dual-lateral well, 
Kameleon Infill West, is being matured and drilling is scheduled to take place during the fourth quarter of 
2021. The Frosk development project is being matured towards the final investment decision stage, planned 
for the second half of 2021.  
A concept decision for the development of the Kobra East and the Gekko (KEG) discoveries was made in 
the fourth quarter 2020, with the final investment decision planned for the second half of 2021. These 
discoveries are located approximately 10 kilometres south-east of the Alvheim FPSO. Our plan is to develop 
these discoveries with four multilateral wells and a subsea tie-back to Alvheim through the Kneler B 
manifold.

--- Page 114 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
114 
 
 
A project to upgrade the water capacity at the Alvheim FPSO was sanctioned in the fourth quarter of 2020, 
with offshore installation planned for 2021. The installation will be done in conjunction with a gas 
debottlenecking project, which we expect to increase the gas capacity by approximately 15 per cent. 
Together, we expect these projects will improve the capacity for future tie-back projects at Alvheim. 
Ivar Aasen  
The Ivar Aasen field is operated by us. It is developed with a production, drilling and quarters (PDQ) 
platform with a steel jacket, and requires a separate jack-up rig for drilling and completion. The platform has 
spare slots for possible additional wells. First stage processing is carried out on the Ivar Aasen platform, and 
the partly processed fluids are transported to the Edvard Grieg field for final processing and export. Ivar 
Aasen is powered by electricity which is currently supplied from Edvard Grieg. In 2022, this will be replaced 
with power from shore. 
Our net production from Ivar Aasen in 2020 averaged 20.1 mboepd. Production efficiency was 90 per cent. 
and was negatively impacted by routine activities related to well interventions, drilling operations and 
planned maintenance.  
Two new production wells were drilled at Ivar Aasen in 2020 and started production after year-end 2020. 
Two more wells are planned to be drilled in 2021. 
Johan Sverdrup  
The Johan Sverdrup field is operated by Equinor and came on stream in October 2019 after a successful 
construction and installation phase. Phase 1 of the project consisted of four large bridge-linked platforms (the 
field centre), Norway’s largest oil export pipeline, a gas export pipeline, three subsea water injection 
templates, 20 pre-drilled production and water injection wells, and 100 megawatts power from shore. 
The processing capacity for Johan Sverdrup Phase 1 at start up was 440,000 bblpd. During 2020, it was 
established that the capacity exceeded the initial assumptions, and by the end of the year it had been increa-
sed to 500,000 bblpd. The operator is currently working to expand the water injection capacity at the field 
and expects to further increase the processing capacity to around 535,000 bblpd during 2021.  
Average daily production net to us in 2020 amounted to 51.9 mboepd including associated gas. 
Powered with electricity from shore, the Johan Sverdrup field currently has carbon dioxide emissions of less 
than 1 kilogram per barrel. The break-even oil price is less than USD 20 per barrel and we expect the field 
will have operating costs below USD 2 per barrel at plateau. 
Johan Sverdrup Phase 2 is progressing well and according to plan. Phase 2 includes development of a second 
processing platform, modifications of the riser platform at the field centre, five subsea templates in the 
periphery of the field, and an increase of the power from shore supply. The increased power capacity will 
also serve several surrounding fields in the greater Utsira High area, including Ivar Aasen, and will contri-
bute to an annual reduction in total carbon dioxide emissions of nearly 1.2 million tonnes. Phase 2 should 
increase the production capacity to a full field plateau capacity of 720,000 bblpd. Production is planned to 
start in the fourth quarter of 2022. 
Skarv  
Skarv is an oil and gas field in the northern part of the Norwegian Sea and is developed with an FPSO 
anchored to the seabed. The oil is offloaded to shuttle tankers, while the gas is transported to the Kårstø 
terminal in a pipeline connected to the Åsgard Transport System. The field is operated by us. 
Ærfugl is a gas condensate field situated close to the Skarv FPSO and mostly within the Skarv unit. The 
PDO for Ærfugl was approved by Norwegian authorities in April 2018 and covers the full field development 
including the resources in both the Ærfugl and Ærfugl Nord fields. The Ærfulg field is being developed in 
two phases. The first phase includes three new production wells in the southern part of the field tied into the 
Skarv FPSO via a trace heated pipe-in-pipe flowline. This phase has been successfully completed and 
production started in December 2020. 
The second phase of the development is currently in execution. This phase consists of one production well 
drilled through the existing Idun template, and two production wells in the northern part of the field. The first 
well through the Idun template was drilled as part of the Ærfugl phase 1 drilling campaign, and production

--- Page 115 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
115 
 
 
started in the summer of 2020. For the two remaining wells, production is planned to start in the fourth 
quarter of 2021. 
In December 2020, the Skarv partnership decided to develop the Gråsel discovery which is situated within 
the Skarv licence area. Gråsel is estimated to contain around 13 mmboe of recoverable resources and will 
utilise existing capacities in Skarv’s FPSO and subsea infrastructure. Several other discoveries in the Skarv 
area are also being considered for future development as subsea tiebacks to the Skarv FPSO. 
 
Net production from Skarv, including Ærfugl, averaged 21.0 mboepd in 2020. The production efficiency was 
95 per cent. 
 
Ula 
The Ula area consists of the fields Ula, Tambar, and Oda, which are all being produced through the Ula field 
centre. The oil is exported via Ekofisk to Teeside, while the gas is reinjected into the Ula reservoir to 
enhance recovery.  
In recent years, we have been working to mature a re-development plan for Ula. In 2020, it was concluded 
that such re-development did not meet our investment criteria. Consequently, a late-life strategy has now 
been adopted for Ula, and production is expected to end in the early 2030s. 
Net production for us from the Ula area averaged 11.0 mboepd in 2020. The production efficiency was 82 
per cent. 
Valhall 
The Valhall area consists of the Valhall and Hod fields in the southern part of the Norwegian North Sea. We 
are the operator of both fields. 
Valhall started production in 1982. The infrastructure in the area currently consists of the field centre with 
four separate bridge-connected platforms. In addition, the field has three unmanned flank platforms. The 
produced oil is exported via pipeline to Ekofisk and further to Teesside, while the gas is exported via 
Norpipe to Emden in Germany. 
Our net production from Valhall averaged 50.7 mboepd in 2020. Production efficiency was stable at 86 per 
cent. 
 
The original Hod development produced from 1990 to 2012 via a remotely operated wellhead platform tied 
back to Valhall. Hod currently produces from wells drilled from the Valhall Flank South platform. In June 
2020, We, together with our partner Pandion Energy, submitted the PDO for a new Hod platform, named 
Hod B. The new Hod B platform will be developed in collaboration with our alliance partners with a 
Normally Unmanned Installation remotely controlled from the Valhall field centre. The project is utilising 
the same concept, execution model and organisation as the Valhall Flank West project, which was success-
fully completed in 2019.  
 
Hod B will be powered from shore via the Valhall field centre and will hence generate very low carbon 
dioxide emissions. Total investments for the development are estimated at around USD 600 million. 
Production is planned to start in the first quarter of 2022. Recoverable reserves for Hod are estimated at 
around 40 mmboe.

--- Page 116 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
116 
 
 
Other Fields 
NOAKA 
The NOAKA area (Krafla, Fulla and North of Alvheim) is located between Oseberg and Alvheim in the 
Norwegian North Sea. The area holds several oil and gas discoveries with gross recoverable resources 
estimated at more than 500 mmboe, with further exploration and appraisal potential. In 2020, we entered into 
an agreement with Equinor in principle on commercial terms for a coordinated development of the area.  
 
The development plans for the area consist of a processing platform in the south operated by us, an 
unmanned processing platform in the north operated by Equinor and several satellite platforms and tiebacks 
to cover the various discoveries. We are working together with our strategic partners in cross-functional 
teams to further mature and improve the development concept for NOA and Fulla. Equinor, as operator for 
Krafla, is maturing the Krafla concept in close collaboration with us. A concept select decision is planned for 
the third quarter of 2021, and the ambition is to submit the PDO in the fourth quarter of 2022. Production 
start is targeted for 2027.  
The fields Atla, Enoch and Gina Krog produced an average of 0.5 mboepd net to us in 2020. We divested 
our ownership in Gina Krog during 2020. 
Strategies 
Maximise performance of existing producing areas and execute high-quality development projects 
We aim to continue to safely optimise returns from our existing producing assets by using established 
technologies to maximise recoveries of in-place hydrocarbons and managing natural decline rates by 
strategic infill drilling. We have an ongoing drilling programme to optimise recoveries from producing 
reservoirs and to develop hydrocarbon accumulations close to existing infrastructure. Furthermore, we focus 
on the reliability and availability of key infrastructure to maintain production levels. We seek to execute 
projects efficiently and secure new high-quality development projects. To ensure high and sustainable 
returns on investments, we rank our projects according to break-even oil price and we aim to invest in 
projects that are profitable at or below a break-even price of $30/bbl (including a 10 per cent. return on 
investment) and help us reach a production cost at or below $7/boe as a company. We also intend to leverage 
the value of our existing infrastructure by developing new, smaller deposits in the vicinity of our existing 
platforms that would be uneconomic without the ability to utilise existing infrastructure. We also aim to 
continue our focus on delivering our most significant high-quality development asset, the Johan Sverdrup 
field. The Johan Sverdrup field commenced production in October 2019, more than two months ahead of 
schedule, and NOK 40 billion below the original capex estimates in the PDO. As at the date of this Offering 
Circular, we believe phase 2 of the Johan Sverdrup development project is progressing well. We believe the 
other participants in the field, including the operator Equinor, share the same drive and commitment to 
delivering phase 2 of the Johan Sverdrup field on time and on or below budget. 
The table below lists upcoming projects scheduled for final investment decision (FID) by the end of 2022. It 
should be noted that the information in the table reflects our preliminary expectations and that changes may 
occur. All volume estimates are approximate figures. 
Project 
Area 
Net 
mmboe 
FID 
First oil Status 
Valhall infill drilling 
Valhall 
10 
2020 
2021 
Ongoing 
Frosk 
Alvheim 
10 
Q3-2021 
2023 
Concept selected – FID planned in 
Q3-21

--- Page 117 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
117 
 
 
Kobra East/Gekko 
Alvheim 
30 
Q2-2021 
2024 
Concept selected – FID planned in 
Q2-21 
Trell & Trine 
Alvheim 
10 
2022 
2025 
Concept studies ongoing 
Hanz 
Ivar 
Aasen 
5 
2022 
2024 
Concept select planned in Q2-21 
Skarv satellites 
Skarv 
70 
2022 
2025 
Concept studies ongoing 
Valhall NCP 
Valhall 
70 
2022 
2025 
Concept studies ongoing 
NOAKA 
NOAKA 
325 
2022 
2027 
Concept select planned in Q3-21 
Garantiana 
Other 
20 
2022 
2025 
Concept studies ongoing 
Maintain disciplined capital management and conservative financial profile 
We aim to maintain a conservative financial profile and balance sheet with ample liquidity. We expect to 
fund exploration and development activities from a combination of production cash flows, proceeds of debt 
issuances and potentially proceeds from portfolio management activities, such as farm-downs or sales. Any 
cost overruns in our exploration and development programmes are expected to be partially mitigated by the 
Norwegian tax regime, subject to any amendments thereto (see “Risk Factors – Our business and financial 
condition could be adversely affected if Norwegian tax regulations for the petroleum industry are 
amended”). We closely monitor liquidity risk through cash flow forecasts and sensitivity analyses. At the 
end of the first quarter of 2021, we had total available liquidity of USD 4.4 billion, comprising USD 392 
million in cash and cash equivalents, and USD 4.0 billion in undrawn credit facilities. We have received firm 
commitments from a consortium of banks for an extension of our Revolving Credit Facilities (RCF). The 
RCF consists of a Working Capital Facility and a Liquidity Facility. The Working Capital Facility will be 
extended from 2022 to 2024 with options for up to two years extension, while the committed amount is 
reduced from USD 2.0 billion to USD 1.4 billion. The Liquidity Facility will be extended from 2025 to 2026, 
and the committed amount remains USD 2.0 billion until 2025 and then reduces to USD 1.65 billion for the 
final year. Other terms of the facilities remain unchanged. 
We manage our credit risk by assessing the creditworthiness of potential counterparties before entering into 
transactions with them and we will continue to evaluate their creditworthiness after transactions have been 
initiated. We maintain a prudent risk management policy based on our continuous monitoring of market 
conditions, which includes our hedging programme, the goal of which is to reduce the risk connected to 
foreign exchange rates, interest rates and commodity prices.  
Oil put options in place per Q1-2021 
Q2 2021 
Q3 2021 
Q4 2021 
Q1 2022 
Q2 2022 
Share of oil production covered (after 
tax)  
40% 
73% 
71% 
14% 
14% 
Average strike (USD/bbl)  
40 
46 
46 
45 
45 
Average premium (USD/bbl) 
1.8 
2.1 
2.1 
2.3 
2.3

--- Page 118 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
118 
 
 
Sustaining a competitive cost structure through continuous focus on several improvement areas 
We work to create value and seize opportunities faster by prioritising flow, rather than resource, efficiency. 
Ongoing improvement initiatives and organisational efforts are grounded in “LEAN” principles, which 
include understanding value streams, visualising progress and ensuring continuous learning. Successful 
implementation means improved quality and shorter lead times. In addition, we aim to increase our 
efficiency by digitising field development and operation throughout the entire life cycle of a field, from 
exploration to abandonment. We believe that it is possible to safely improve quality and reduce costs through 
reorganising the value chain with strategic alliances with suppliers and oilfield services providers. We 
believe that we can prepare for changing market conditions by developing a flexible business model that 
anticipates growth and adapts to volatility. Such a business model may allow us to identify and mitigate 
supply chain risks and to exploit market volatility to gain competitive advantages. For example, we believe 
that our acquisitions of Marathon Oil Norge AS, BP Norge and Hess Norge have significantly strengthened 
our operations and growth potential. Our low production costs and break-even prices help to support our 
financial performance when faced with volatility in the oil and gas markets. 
Continue growing reserves by utilizing exploration skillset and operational expertise and through 
strategic acquisitions 
Portfolio management and enhancement are integral aspects of our exploration, development and production 
strategy through which we seek to realise value at an appropriate point in the life cycle of an asset. We will 
maintain the structure of our successful exploration and development programmes, which have resulted in 
our participation in major discoveries such as the Ivar Aasen and the Johan Sverdrup fields, and continue 
selective development and appraisal programmes to combat natural production declines and to maintain 
existing reserves. Our exploration programme is positioned for future growth. We plan to continue focusing 
our exploration activities in Norway on the NCS where the stable fiscal regime limits the impact of price 
declines and reduces exploration and appraisal risk. We will continue to review exploration opportunities on 
an ongoing basis and optimise our exploration portfolio to ensure we drill only those wells that we deem to 
offer an attractive risk/reward profile, and where possible, enable us to leverage our existing infrastructure 
position on the NCS. Going forward, we will focus on prospects with development potential in the short-
term, which we believe we are well positioned to realise due to our extensive regional knowledge and 
experience on the NCS. To complement our organic growth strategy, we may also consider selective 
strategic acquisitions of companies and/or interests in licences with reserves or contingent resources. We 
evaluate acquisitions based on a set of criteria, including rate of return, field cash flow, operational 
efficiency, reserve life, development costs and decline profile, as well as quality of the organisation. We also 
continuously seek to optimise our asset portfolio by monetising certain assets, through divestitures or farm-
downs. 
Continued focus on emissions reduction and Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) 
Our goal is to minimise emissions from activities on the NCS through choosing energy-efficient solutions 
and operations. In 2020, the CO2 emissions from our equity production were 4.5 kilograms CO2/boe on 
average, down from 6.9 kilograms in 2019. We see this as a competitive advantage, as our CO2 intensity is 
approximately one third of the global average in the E&P industry according to the International Association 
of Oil & Gas Producers (IOGP) and the Norwegian Association of Oil & Gas (NOROG). We have a target of 
gross CO2 emissions close to zero by 2050. 
Our improvement agenda includes energy management and the implementation of energy efficiency and 
emission reduction measures. Power from shore (hydro-electric power) is part of the active energy 
management along with offshore wind considerations. In 2020, we continued to evaluate options for the 
existing fields in relation to life extension and emission reductions. Ula’s expected lifetime was reduced 
from 2040 to the early 2030s which directly impacts the CO2 profiles. Valhall already has power from shore 
and Ivar Aasen will receive power from shore in 2022 (receives power from near-by asset Edvard Grieg

--- Page 119 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
119 
 
 
today). The new development project NOAKA has a base case design using hydro-electric power from 
shore. 
Our current ESG ratings include the following: CDP Climate Change 2020 (“Grade B”, Scale “A-F”), MSCI 
(“Grade A”, Scale “AAA-CCC”), FTSE4Good (“Grade 3.7”, Scale “5-1”) and ISS QualityScore 
Environmental (“Grade 1”, Scale “1-10”). 
Exploration activity 
In the year ended 31 December 2019, we participated in a total of 16 exploration wells and discovered 
around 170 mmboe net to us. Total exploration expenses amounted to $305.5 million. In addition, capitalised 
exploration expenditures increased by $193.9 million from 31 December 2018. We discovered hydrocarbons 
in the Froskelår Main in the Alvheim area. The Froskelår Main discovery is estimated to contain 60 to 130 
mmboe. We are the operator of Froskelår Main with a 60 per cent. working interest. The licence partners are 
Lundin Norway (20 per cent.) and Vår Energi (20 per cent.). Additionally, the Liatårnet, Ørn, Froskelår NE 
and Shrek exploration wells were classified as discoveries. 
On 30 April 2020, we acquired an additional 5 per cent. interest in licence 838 (bringing our total interest to 
35 per cent.), which is located near the Skarv field and holds the Shrek discovery, from PGNiG Upstream 
Norway and assumed operatorship of the licence. Licence 838 contains the recent Shrek discovery near the 
Aker BP operated Skarv field. We believe our operatorship will enable an efficient development of this 
discovery as a tie-back to the Skarv FPSO. 
In the year ended 31 December 2020, we participated in a total of five exploration wells, of which two 
resulted in small discoveries. Five other exploration wells which were originally planned for drilling in 2020 
were postponed mainly due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Total exploration expenses amounted to $174.1 
million, and in addition, capitalised exploration expenditures decreased by $99.4 million.  
Co-licensees and other commercial participants 
Our licence assets are owned, explored and developed through joint venture agreements established by the 
MPE and other commercial agreements with international and national oil and gas companies and/or service 
providers. The MPE also determines the licensee group and makes final decisions on licence share 
assignment. When we evaluate whether to enter into a commercial agreement or joint venture, we seek 
prospective commercial partners who will complement our existing strengths. We conduct thorough business 
and financial diligence on all our prospective commercial co-licensees and strive to ensure they will be able 
to finance their portion of any development. 
During the lifecycle of the commercial agreements or joint ventures, we often have a very active role in the 
technical, financial and administrative management of operations, including in situations in which we do not 
take on an official operator role. We typically maintain involvement with many aspects of operations and 
provide draft compliance reports and other required government submissions. We work closely with the 
other licensees and other commercial partners to ensure that we remain in compliance with the ongoing 
obligations under the licences or agreements pursuant to which we operate.  
Insurance 
We have travel insurance and health insurance for our employees and also keep an employer’s liability 
insurance which covers occupational injury/disease, leisure accident, other illness and group life assurance. 
In addition we have an extended director’s and officer’s liability insurance covering the whole organisation 
in the event of a loss as a result of decisions and actions taken within the scope of their regular duties. 
Further, we have insurance for all assets covering physical damage, OEE and third party liability in 
accordance with the requirements set by the Norwegian authorities. In addition, we have insurance for LOPI

--- Page 120 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
120 
 
 
for 100 per cent. of our production from all of our producing fields except Valhall and Johan Sverdrup, 
where the LOPI is constrained by a CSL. A CSL is the maximum combined total amount that will be paid 
out, and if the loss on Valhall or Johan Sverdrup exceeds this limit, the claim payout may not be sufficient to 
provide full LOPI coverage. The LOPI insurance is not a legal requirement and is subject to discussions at 
every policy renewal. Our current LOPI insurance covers loss of production after 45 days at $40/barrel (net) 
for 18 months. The insurance programme we have in place may reduce the impact on our business of any 
accidental shutdown of any of these fields. We have construction all risks (CAR) insurance for all ongoing 
projects covering both the risk of physical damage and liability. For decommissioning projects we have 
decommissioning all risks (DAR) insurance in place to cover general liability and damage to existing 
property as well as risk of pollution. Furthermore, as at the date of this Offering Circular all our assets are 
insured in the commercial market with a minimum S&P rating of A−. 
Although we have insurance in place for all our operations as required and in accordance with industry 
practice and at levels that we feel will adequately provide for our needs and the risks we face, there can be no 
assurance that our insurance coverage will adequately protect us from all risks that may arise or in amounts 
sufficient to prevent any material loss. See “Risk Factors – Our insurance may not provide sufficient funds to 
protect us from liabilities that could result from our operations”. 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
We become involved from time to time in various claims and lawsuits arising in the ordinary course of our 
business. We are not involved in any ongoing governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings which, either 
individually or in the aggregate, have had, or are expected to have, a material adverse effect on our financial 
position or profitability, nor, so far as we are aware, are any such proceedings pending or threatened. 
Oil taxation office assessment 
We are, on an ongoing basis, party to certain tax disputes with the Norwegian tax authorities. Most of these 
disputes relate to transfer pricing issues (which relate to whether specific transaction prices (such as rig hire, 
gas sales, insurance premiums, interest rates) are set in accordance with the arm’s-length principle). 
Most of the tax disputes we are party to are legacy disputes inherited from BP Norge and Hess Norge 
through the acquisitions of the respective companies. The BP Norge and Hess Norge acquisitions were 
approved by the Norwegian Ministry of Finance on the condition that, among other things, we became party 
to, and liable towards the tax authorities with respect to, all tax/duty claims against BP Norge and Hess 
Norge related to previous tax income years. With respect to such inherited disputes, the ultimate economic 
liability is subject to the terms and conditions of the respective transaction agreements for the BP acquisition 
and the Hess Norge acquisition. 
See “Risk Factors – Tax disputes could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, 
and financial condition”. 
Recent developments  
In the beginning of 2020, the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic created increased uncertainty and 
disruption to the global economy. Throughout 2020, we focused on taking measures to protect our people 
and operations from COVID-19, and to make sure that we are prepared to handle the potential operational 
and financial consequences of the situation. As a result, we rapidly mobilised to protect the health and safety 
of our employees and contractors, and to maintain safe and reliable operations. Our COVID-19 related 
policies and procedures will remain in place for as long as necessary. 
In March 2020, we communicated an updated business plan which stated that all non-sanctioned field 
development projects were put on hold, exploration spending and production costs were reduced, and our 
original dividend plan was withdrawn.

--- Page 121 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
121 
 
 
Certain temporary changes in the Petroleum Tax Law were enacted on 19 June 2020. These changes 
included a temporary ruling for depreciation and uplift, whereas all investments incurred for income years 
2020 and 2021 including 24 per cent. uplift can be deducted from the basis for special tax in the year of 
investment. These changes also apply for all investments according to PDO delivered by the end of 2022. 
Following the temporary changes to the Norwegian petroleum tax system enacted by the Norwegian 
Parliament in June 2020, we decided to resume our investment plans.  
The temporary changes in the Petroleum Tax Law provides us with a foundation for continued high 
investment activity to drive further value creation. The Hod development in the Valhall area was the first 
project to be launched as a direct result of the tax changes, and we are currently maturing a significant part of 
our resource base for final investment decision by the end of 2022. 
In June 2020, Aker BP, Equinor, and LOTOS announced a coordinated development of the licences Krafla, 
Fulla, and North of Alvheim (NOAKA). The goal is to have a development plan ready for submission in 
2022, before the deadline set forth in the temporary tax regime. NOAKA is one of the largest remaining field 
developments on the Norwegian continental shelf.  
Our total net production stood at 211 mboepd as of 31 December 2020 and 222 mboepd by 30 March 2021. 
For 2020, our production efficiency was 92 per cent. (for Aker BP operated assets) and our production costs 
were USD 8.3 per boe on average. For comparison (based on produced volumes), we had 91 per cent. 
production efficiency and $12.1/boe in average production costs in 2018, and 92 per cent. production 
efficiency and $12.4/boe in average production costs in 2019. 
For 2020, our average realised liquids price was USD 40.0 per barrel, while the average realised gas price 
was USD 21.8 per boe. For the first quarter of 2021, our average realised liquids price was USD 60.1 per 
barrel, while our average realised gas price was USD 38.5 per boe.  
Management 
Overview 
The board of directors (the Board of Directors) is responsible for the overall management of Aker BP and 
may exercise all the powers of Aker BP. In accordance with Norwegian law, the Board of Directors is 
responsible for, among other things: (i) supervising the general and day-to-day management of Aker BP’s 
business; (ii) ensuring proper organisation, preparing plans and budgets for its activities; (iii) ensuring that 
Aker BP’s activities, accounts and asset management are subject to adequate controls; and (iv) undertaking 
investigations necessary to ensure compliance with its duties. 
The Board of Directors may delegate such matters as it seems fit to the executive management of Aker BP 
(the Senior Management). Our Senior Management is responsible for the day-to-day management of Aker 
BP’s operations in accordance with instructions set out by the Board of Directors. Among other 
responsibilities, the CEO is responsible for keeping our accounts in accordance with existing Norwegian 
legislation and regulations and for managing our assets in a responsible manner. In addition, at least once a 
month the CEO must brief the Board of Directors about Aker BP’s activities, financial position and 
operating results.

--- Page 122 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
122 
 
 
Board of Directors 
The persons set forth below are our current members of the Board of Directors. The address for each of our 
directors in relation to their directorship is Akerkvartalet, Building B, Oksenøyveien 10, 1366 Lysaker, 
Norway. 
Name 
Born 
Position 
Øyvind Eriksen  
1964 
Chairman 
Anne Marie Cannon  
1957 
Deputy Chair 
Gro G. Kielland  
1959 
Board member 
Kjell Inge Røkke  
1958 
Board member 
Trond Brandsrud  
1958 
Board member 
Katherine Anne Thomson  
1968 
Board member 
Murray Auchincloss  
1970 
Board member 
Terje Solheim  
1962 
Non-Executive Director (employee representative) 
Anette Hoel Helgesen  
1987 
Non-Executive Director (employee representative) 
Ingard Haugeberg  
1962 
Non-Executive Director (employee representative) 
Ørjan Holstad  
1989 
Non-Executive Director (employee representative) 
The composition of our Board of Directors complies with the independence requirements of the Norwegian 
Code of Practice of 30 October 2014. The Norwegian Corporate Governance Code provides that a board 
member is generally considered to be independent when he or she does not have any personal, material 
business or other contacts that may influence the decisions he or she makes as a board member. 
Set out below are brief biographies of the directors of Aker BP. 
Mr. Øyvind Eriksen—Mr. Øyvind Eriksen holds a law degree from the University of Oslo. He has almost 20 
years’ experience in the legal industry, having begun his career at the law firm BAHR in 1990. During his 
time at BAHR, he became a partner in 1996 and a director/chairman in 2003. Mr. Eriksen is the President 
and CEO of Aker ASA, the chairman of the Board of Directors of Aker Solutions ASA, Cognite AS, Aker 
Capital AS, Aker Kværner Holding AS and REV Ocean Inc. and director of several companies, including 
Aker Energy AS, Akastor ASA, The Resource Group TRG AS, TRG Holding AS, The Norwegian Cancer 
Society, Flette AS and Gluteus Medius AS, among others. Mr. Eriksen is currently the Chairman of the 
Board of Directors at Aker BP. Mr. Eriksen is a Norwegian citizen. 
Ms. Anne Marie Cannon—Ms. Cannon has more than 35 years’ experience in the oil and gas sector in both 
industry and investment banking. She has served as the Deputy Chairman of the board since 2013, and she is 
a member of the Audit and Risk Committee at Aker BP. She is currently a non-executive director on the 
board of Aker Energy AS, Harbour Energy and STV Group. Ms. Cannon joined PJT Partners as a Senior 
Advisor in 2019. Between 2000 and 2013 she served as a Senior Advisor to the Natural Resources Group at 
Morgan Stanley focusing on upstream M&A. Prior to this Ms. Cannon was an Executive Director on the 
boards of Hardy Oil & Gas and British Borneo and previously held senior financial roles at J Henry Schroder 
Wagg and Shell UK Exploration & Production. She holds a Bachelor of Science (Honours) Degree from 
Glasgow University. Ms. Cannon is a British citizen.

--- Page 123 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
123 
 
 
Ms. Gro G. Kielland—Ms. Kielland has a Master of Science degree and a Diploma of Education from the 
Norwegian University of Science and Technology. Ms. Kielland has had a number of leading positions in the 
oil and gas industry both in Norway and abroad, among others as CEO of BP Norge. Ms. Kielland is 
Chairman of the Board of FPE Sontum and Origo Solutions, and serves as a Non-Executive Director of 
Agile Rig & Modules, Buhr AS and Eureka Pumps AS. Mr. Kielland is a Norwegian citizen. 
Mr. Kjell Inge Røkke—Mr. Røkke is Aker ASA’s primary owner and Chairman, and has been a driving force 
in the development of Aker ASA since the 1990s. Mr. Røkke launched his business career with the purchase 
of a 69-foot trawler in the United States in 1982, and gradually built a leading worldwide fisheries business, 
harvesting fish and processing them at sea. Mr. Røkke owns 68.2 per cent. of Aker ASA through The 
Resource Group TRG AS and subsidiaries. Mr. Røkke is currently director of several companies, including 
Aker BP, Kvaerner, Aker Energy, Aker Biomarine and Ocean Yield, among others. Mr. Røkke is a 
Norwegian citizen. 
Mr. Trond Brandsrud—Mr. Brandsrud is the Chairman of the Audit and Risk Committee at Aker BP. Mr. 
Brandsrud is also currently the Chairman of Nordbrand Invest AS. Mr. Brandsrud has previously acted as 
Chief Financial Officer of Lindorff A/S and from 2010 to 2015, he acted as the Chief Financial Officer of 
Aker ASA, and from 2007 to 2010 he acted as the CFO of Seadrill Management AS. Prior to these roles, Mr. 
Brandsrud acted in various leading financial positions in Royal Dutch Shell plc. Mr. Brandsrud holds a 
Master of Science degree from the Norwegian School of Economics and Business Administration. Mr. 
Brandsrud is a Norwegian citizen. 
Ms. Katherine Anne Thomson—Ms. Thomson is the Senior Vice President for Treasury and Senior Vice 
President for Finance for Other Business and Corporate, having previously held the positions of Group 
Treasurer for the BP Group and Group Head of Tax. In her current roles, Ms. Thomson has responsibility for 
the central financing of the BP Group and for providing commercial finance support to the innovation and 
engineering business and the regions, cities and solutions business within BP. She is also currently a member 
of the audit and risk committee. Prior to joining BP, Ms. Thomson qualified as a chartered accountant with 
Deloitte. She moved into international tax with Charter plc where she became Head of Tax in 1998, before 
joining Ernst & Young in 2001 in M&A tax. Ms. Thomson is also a director of several BP Group companies. 
Ms. Thomson is a British citizen. 
Mr. Murray Auchincloss—Mr. Auchincloss is the Chief Financial Officer for BP p.l.c. as of 1 July 2020. He 
is a member of BP’s Executive Board and attends the Main Board Audit Committee. Mr. Auchincloss joined 
Amoco Canada in 1992 and BP through the merger in 1999. He has built a career performing a range of 
commercial and leading roles across BP. Most recently he served as BP’s Upstream CFO (2015 to 2020). 
Mr. Auchincloss holds a Bachelor of Finance degree from the University of Calgary. He also completed his 
Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) designation in 1995. Mr. Auchincloss is a British citizen. 
Mr. Terje Solheim—Mr. Solheim is the General Manager of Aker BP’s Harstad office. Mr. Solheim has been 
with Aker BP since 2013 and has held several positions with us. He has extensive background from the 
Norwegian Armed Forces, and was one of the founders of Norwegian Petro Services (NPS). He came to 
Aker BP from Det Norske Veritas (DNV). Mr. Solheim is a Norwegian citizen. 
Mrs. Anette Hoel Helgesen—Mrs. Helgesen is the HSSEQ Manager for Projects and Concept development. 
She has been with Aker BP since 2011. Mrs. Helgesen has held several different positions as process 
engineer (project, engineering & operations) and onshore operations supervisor for the Valhall Field. Mrs. 
Helgesen has a MSc in Chemical Engineering from NTNU, Trondheim. Mrs. Helgesen is a Norwegian 
citizen. 
Mr. Ingard Haugeberg—Mr. Haugeberg serves as a full-time employee representative. Prior to this position, 
he was the HSSE Site Lead on the Ula field. Mr. Haugeberg has broad experience from the Royal Norwegian 
Air Force in Bodø as an industry mechanic and as department manager for Safelift A/S. He started in Amoco 
Norge as a mechanic on the Valhall field in 1991. From 1998, he has held several positions in BP Norge. Mr.

--- Page 124 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
124 
 
 
Haugeberg has also held a number of different directorships in BP Norge, Industrimaskiner A/S, Global 
Clean Energy, I/E Media and trippEl A/S. He is trained as an electro-mechanical repairer at the Royal 
Norwegian Air Force technical school centre in Kjevik and has a company approved bachelor in mechanics. 
Mr. Haugeberg is a Norwegian citizen. 
Mr. Ørjan Holstad—Mr. Holstad trained as an Instrument Technician and has been an employee of BP 
Norge (now Aker BP) since 2010. His experience in the oil and gas industry includes service as a full-time 
employee representative at BP Norge, from 2014 to 2016. He now serves as a full-time employee 
representative at Aker BP. Mr. Holstad is a Norwegian citizen. 
Senior Management 
Name 
Born 
Position 
Karl Johnny Hersvik  
1972 
Chief Executive Officer 
David Torvik Tønne  
1985 
Chief Financial Officer 
Øyvind Bratsberg  
1959 
Special Advisor 
Evy Glørstad  
1975 
Senior Vice President Exploration & Reservoir Development 
Ine Dolve  
1975 
Senior Vice President Operations and Asset Development 
Lars Høier  
1967 
Senior Vice President and Asset Manager NOAKA 
Arne Tommy Sigmundstad  
1970 
Senior Vice President Drilling and Wells 
Per Harald Kongelf  
1959 
Senior Vice President Improvement 
Marit Blaasmo  
1975 
Senior Vice President HSSEQ 
Lene Landøy  
1979 
Senior Vice President Strategy and Business Development 
Knut Sandvik  
1962 
Senior Vice President Projects 
Our Senior Management consists of the CEO, Karl Johnny Hersvik, and ten other executive officers. Set out 
below are brief biographies of the members of the Senior Management. 
Mr. Karl Johnny Hersvik—Mr. Hersvik is the CEO of Aker BP. Mr. Hersvik holds a Cand Scient degree in 
Industrial Mathematics from the University of Bergen. Prior to joining Equinor in 1998 he was a co-founder 
of several IT start-ups. Since 1998 he has held many professional and management positions in Norsk Hydro 
and StatoilHydro, most recent as Senior Vice President Research, Development and Innovation. Mr. Hersvik 
holds several board positions including chairman of the OG21, a non-governmental organization studying oil 
and gas in the 21st century. He is also a member of several industry academia collaboration boards. 
Mr. David Torvik Tønne—Mr. Tønne is the Chief Financial Officer of Aker BP and was previously VP 
Corporate Controlling in Aker BP. Mr. Tønne has been with us since January 2017. Mr. Tønne holds a 
master’s degree in finance from NHH Norwegian School of Economics. Prior to joining Aker BP, he worked 
for The Boston Consulting Group. 
Mr. Øyvind Bratsberg—Mr. Bratsberg has approximately 30 years of experience in the oil and gas industry 
within marketing, business development, and operational roles. He has experience in commercial 
negotiations and management, and has comprehensive familiarity with offshore operations and project 
development. Mr. Bratsberg previously served as the chief operating officer of Det norske, and later as the

--- Page 125 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
125 
 
 
senior vice president for technology and field development as well as the senior vice president for drilling 
and wells. He currently serves as the special advisor to the CEO. Before joining Aker BP, Mr. Bratsberg was 
employed in Equinor where he was responsible for the Equinor’s early-phase field development. Mr. 
Bratsberg hold a Master of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from the Norwegian University of 
Science and Technology. 
Ms. Evy Glørstad—Ms. Glørstad is the Senior Vice President of Exploration & Reservoir Development at 
Aker BP, and was previously Asset Development Manager for NOAKA. Ms. Glørstad has been with us 
since 2011. Ms. Glørstad holds a PhD in Petroleum geology/sedimentology. She has a broad experience as a 
geologist from BP in Norway and the US. Her PhD focused on seismic stratigraphy, providing stratigraphic 
control to all sub-projects under PETROBAR, and focused on the Triassic succession in the Barents Sea. She 
has held several managerial positions in Aker BP since joining us. 
Ms. Ine Dolve—Ms. Dolve is the Senior Vice President of Operations and Asset Development at Aker BP, 
and was previously Vice President of Operations and Asset Development for Skarv at Aker BP. Ms. Dolve 
holds a degree from NHH in Bergen, and has a Master’s in International Management from ESADE in 
Barcelona. Further, Ms. Dolve holds a degree from The Royal Naval Academy. 
Mr. Lars Høier—Mr. Høier is the Senior Vice President and Asset Manager for NOAKA at Aker BP. Mr. 
Høier joined Aker BP in July 2019, and previously held a position in Aker BP as VP for Concept 
Development and Technology. Prior to joining Aker BP, he had over 20 years of experience from Equinor, 
with positions including SVP for R&D, as well as production director for several assets, among them the 
Troll field. Mr Høier holds a Cand Scient degree in Physics from the University in Oslo and a PhD in 
Petroleum technology from the Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU). 
Mr. Arne Tommy Sigmundstad—Mr. Sigmundstad is the Senior Vice President of Drilling and Wells at Aker 
BP. He has previously held the position of vice president of wells at Asia Pacific BP Plc and served as 
director of the board at Vico Indonesia. Mr. Sigmundstad joined BP in 2000, and has broad experience 
within the oil and gas industry from companies such as Baker Hughes and Philips. Within BP, Mr. 
Sigmundstad has held different operational, engineering and management positions throughout Norway, the 
United Kingdom, Azerbaijan and Indonesia. Mr. Sigmundstad holds a Master’s degree in Petroleum 
engineering from Stavanger University. 
Mr. Per Harald Kongelf—Mr. Kongelf is the Senior Vice President of Improvement at Aker BP. Prior to 
joining Aker BP, Mr. Kongelf served as head of Norwegian operations at Aker Solutions, and from 2000-
2003 served as investment manager at Energy Future Invest AS (Norway). Mr. Kongelf holds a Master of 
Science degree from Norwegian University of Science and Technology in Trondheim and has more than 25 
years of industrial experience through numerous technical and management positions in Aker Solutions. 
Mrs. Marit Blaasmo—Mrs. Blaasmo is the Senior Vice President for Health, Safety, Security, Environment 
and Quality at Aker BP. Ms. Blaasmo has been with Aker BP since 2017 and holds a degree in Petroleum 
Engineering from Norwegian University of Science and Technology. Prior to joining Aker BP, Ms. Blaasmo 
held multiple roles within the Drilling & Wells department at Baker Hughes INTEQ and Equinor. 
Ms. Lene Landøy—Mrs. Landøy is the Senior Vice President of Strategy & Business Development at Aker 
BP. Mrs. Landøy has been with us since January 2017. Mrs. Landøy has a master’s degree in finance from 
NHH Norwegian School of Economics/University of California Los Angeles. She also holds a master’s 
degree in international finance from the Skema Business School in France. Prior to joining Aker BP, she led 
Equinor’s business development unit on the NCS. 
Mr. Knut Sandvik—Mr. Sandvik is the Senior Vice President of Projects at Aker BP. He has worked for 
Aker Solutions for more than 30 years, joining what was then Norwegian Contractors as a field engineer in 
1987. Throughout his career, Mr. Sandvik has held various senior project and leadership positions across the 
organisation, gaining valuable experience from both the engineering, subsea and maintenance fields. His last

--- Page 126 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
126 
 
 
two roles have been as a member of the executive management team, first as EVP Projects and more recently 
as EVP Greenfield Projects. He holds a degree in Mechanical Offshore Engineering from Heriot-Watt 
University in Scotland. 
Potential conflicts of interest 
The largest shareholder of Aker BP is Aker ASA (40 per cent). Aker ASA is controlled by The Resource 
Group TRG AS, a company controlled by Kjell Inge Røkke. Aker ASA has ownership interests in other 
companies which from time to time may enter into commercial contracts with Aker BP ASA. Other than 
this, there are no potential conflicts of interest of the duties owed to Aker BP ASA by the directors or 
members of Senior Management and their private interests and/or other duties that are material to the Notes.

--- Page 127 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
127 
 
 
TAXATION 
Tax legislation, including in the country where the investor is domiciled or tax resident and in the 
Issuer’s country of incorporation, may have an impact on the income that an investor receives from 
the Notes. 
NORWAY 
This section describes certain tax rules in Norway applicable to Noteholders who are resident in Norway for 
tax purposes (Norwegian Noteholders) and to Noteholders who are not resident in Norway for tax purposes 
(Foreign Noteholders). The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Norway 
as of the date of this Offering Circular and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date. Such 
changes could be made on a retrospective basis. The following summary does not purport to be a 
comprehensive description of all the tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own 
or dispose of the Notes under the Programme. Investors are advised to consult their own tax advisors 
concerning the overall tax consequences of their ownership of such Notes. The statements only apply to 
Noteholders who are beneficial owners of the Notes. Please note that for the purpose of the summary below, 
references to Norwegian Noteholders or Foreign Noteholders refers to the tax residency rather than the 
nationality of the Noteholder. 
Foreign Noteholders 
Taxation on Interest 
Interest paid to Foreign Noteholders will not be subject to Norwegian income or withholding tax, unless the 
holding of Notes is effectively connected with a business carried on by the holder of Notes in Norway or 
managed from Norway. Such taxation may be limited according to an applicable tax treaty. 
Effective from 1 July 2021, Norway has introduced withholding tax rules for certain interest payments from 
debtors in Norway to creditors outside of Norway. The withholding obligation applies to interest payments 
made to related parties of the debtor who are resident in low tax jurisdictions. A person is deemed to be a 
“related party” when there is a direct or indirect ownership or control of 50 per cent. or more between that 
person and the debtor. Further, a “low-tax jurisdiction” is a jurisdiction in which the ordinary income tax on 
the overall profit of a company is less than two thirds of the tax that would have been levied on such 
company had it been resident in Norway. The Norwegian domestic withholding tax rate is 15 per cent., 
subject to reduction under any applicable tax treaty. 
Taxation of Capital Gains 
Gains derived from sale, disposal or redemption of the Notes by Foreign Noteholders will not be subject to 
tax in Norway, unless the holding of Notes is effectively connected with a business carried on by the holder 
of Notes in Norway or managed from Norway. Such taxation may be limited according to an applicable tax 
treaty. 
Net Wealth Tax 
Foreign Noteholders are not subject to Norwegian net wealth tax with respect to the Notes, unless the 
Noteholder is an individual, and the holding of Notes is effectively connected with a business carried on by 
the holder of Notes in Norway or managed from Norway. Such taxation may be limited according to an 
applicable tax treaty.

--- Page 128 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
128 
 
 
Transfer Tax 
There is currently no Norwegian transfer tax on the transfer of Notes. 
Norwegian Noteholders  
In the following it is assumed that the Notes are held in the form of bearer bonds or debentures 
(mengdegjeldsbrev). 
Taxation on Interest 
For Norwegian Noteholders, interest on the Notes is taxable as “ordinary income” subject to a flat rate of 22 
per cent. This applies irrespective of whether the Norwegian Noteholders are individuals or corporations. For 
financial institutions the tax rate for “ordinary income” is 25 per cent.  
Interest is taxed according to a realisation principle; as a main rule in the income year in which interest is 
accrued (i.e. regardless of when the interest is actually paid). For taxpayers without a statutory obligation to 
keep accounting records, special provisions apply in case of breach of contract resulting in due interest not 
being paid by the end of the income year. 
Taxation of Capital Gains  
Redemption at the relevant Maturity Date of the Notes as well as prior disposal of the Notes is treated as a 
realisation of such Notes and will trigger a capital gain or loss for Norwegian Noteholders under Norwegian 
tax law. Capital gains will be taxable as “ordinary income”, subject to the flat rate of 22 per cent (25 per cent 
for financial institutions). Losses will be deductible from a Norwegian Noteholder’s “ordinary income”, 
taxed at the same rate. 
Any capital gain or loss is computed as the difference between the amount received by the Norwegian 
Noteholder on realisation and the cost price of the Notes. The cost price is equal to the price for which the 
Norwegian Noteholder acquired the Notes. Costs incurred in connection with the acquisition and realisation 
of the Notes may be deducted from a Norwegian Noteholder’s taxable income in the year of the realisation. 
Net Wealth Tax 
The value of the Notes held by a Norwegian Noteholder at the end of each income year will be included in 
the holder’s taxable net wealth for municipal and state net wealth tax purposes. Listed Notes are valued at 
their quoted value on 1 January in the assessment year. The marginal rate of net wealth tax is currently 0.85 
per cent. 
Limited liability companies and certain similar entities are exempt from net wealth taxation. 
Transfer Taxes etc.; VAT 
No transfer taxes, stamp duty or similar taxes are currently imposed in Norway on purchase, disposal or 
redemption of securities such as the Notes. Furthermore, there will be no VAT payable in Norway on the 
transfer of the Notes.  
FATCA DISCLOSURE 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related

--- Page 129 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
129 
 
 
requirements.  The issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes.  A number of jurisdictions 
(including the Kingdom of Norway) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA 
applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial 
institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from 
payments that it makes.  Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to 
instruments such as Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an 
IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. 
Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date 
on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and 
Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for 
U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final 
regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published generally would be grandfathered for purposes 
of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date.  However, if additional Notes (as 
described under “Terms and Conditions—Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously 
issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under 
FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of 
the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax 
advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in Notes.   
The proposed financial transactions tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission's Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions referred to 
in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States.  Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State.  
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be “established” in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member 
State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating 
Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States.  It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Luxembourg Taxation 
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws presently in force in 
Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice.  The 
information contained within this section is limited to Luxembourg withholding tax issues and prospective 
investors in the Notes should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the effects of state, local 
or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject.

--- Page 130 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
130 
 
 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for 
Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only.  Any reference in the present section to a withholding 
tax or a tax of a similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. 
Withholding Tax 
(a) 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of 
principal, premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid 
interest in respect of the Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or 
repurchase of the Notes held by non-resident holders of Notes. 
(b) 
Resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005 
as amended (the Relibi Law) mentioned below, there is no withholding tax on payments of 
principal, premium or interest made to Luxembourg resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but 
unpaid interest in respect of Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon 
redemption or repurchase of Notes held by Luxembourg resident holders of Notes. 
Under the Relibi Law payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent 
established in Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg will 
be subject to a withholding tax of 20 per cent.  Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of 
income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the management of his/her 
private wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg 
paying agent. Accordingly, payments of interest under the Notes coming within the scope of the 
Relibi Law will be subject to a withholding tax at a rate of 20 per cent.

--- Page 131 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
131 
 
 
 SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE  
The Dealers have, in a Programme Agreement (such Programme Agreement as modified and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement) dated 29 April 2021, agreed 
with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes.  Any 
such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes”. In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their 
expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of 
Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in 
connection therewith. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
United States  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state 
or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from or not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder.  The applicable 
Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will identify whether TEFRA C rules or 
TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at 
any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of 
which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
except in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act.  Each Dealer has further agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to 
which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth 
the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with 
an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available 
any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the 
Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area.  For the purposes of this provision:

--- Page 132 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
132 
 
 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation); and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the 
European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the Final 
Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) in relation thereto to the public in that Member 
State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision:  
 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in any Member State means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Notes; and 
 
the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that 
it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the Final

--- Page 133 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
133 
 
 
Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK.  For 
the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Offering Circular as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) in 
relation thereto to the public in the UK except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the 
UK: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means the communication in 
any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and  
 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that:

--- Page 134 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
134 
 
 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any 
Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing 
or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Norway 
The Notes shall be registered with Euronext VPS (Verdipapirsentralen ASA) or another securities registry 
which is properly authorised or recognised by the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway 
(Finanstilsynet) as being entitled to register such bonds pursuant to Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014, unless (i) 
the Notes are denominated in NOK and offered or sold outside of Norway to non-Norwegian tax residents 
only, or (ii) the Notes are denominated in a currency other than NOK and offered or sold outside of Norway. 
See also the selling restriction “Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors” above.  
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer 
or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined 
under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, 
as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, 
a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Belgium  
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes), each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying 
as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from 
time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and 
will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, 
any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the 
Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Offering Circular has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer

--- Page 135 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
135 
 
 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or 
sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and 
will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Offering Circular or any 
other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of 
the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor 
(as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as 
defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to 
Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or 
(iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the 
SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to 
in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations 
in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes 
this Offering Circular and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, 
offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is 
subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the 
other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 136 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
136 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by a resolution of the 
Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 27 April 2021.  
Listing of Notes 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated 
market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU). 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Offering Circular, copies of the following documents 
will, 
when 
published, 
be 
available 
for 
inspection 
from 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://akerbp.com/en/investor/:   
(a) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer;  
(b) 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in 
definitive form, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(c) 
a copy of this Offering Circular; and 
(d) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements, Final Terms and 
Pricing Supplements (in the case of Exempt Notes) (save that Pricing Supplements will only be 
available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory 
to the Issuer or the Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) to this Offering Circular and 
any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of 
Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes). If the Notes are to clear through an additional or 
alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. The 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.   
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and each 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of

--- Page 137 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
137 
 
 
the relevant Issue Price.  The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of 
the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer or the 
Group since 31 March 2021 and there has been no material adverse change in the financial position or 
prospects of the Issuer or the Group since 31 December 2020.  
Litigation 
Neither the Issuer nor any other member of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer 
is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may have or have in such period had a 
significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group.  
Independent Auditors 
The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of 31 December 2019 and 2020 and for each of the 
years then ended, incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular, have been audited by KPMG AS, 
independent auditors as stated in their reports incorporated by reference herein.  
With respect to the condensed consolidated interim financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the three-
month period ended 31 March 2021, incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular, KPMG AS has 
reported that it has applied limited procedures in accordance with professional standards for a review of such 
information. However, KPMG AS’s separate report, as incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular, 
states that KPMG AS did not audit and that KPMG AS does not express an opinion on that interim financial 
information.  KPMG AS’s report also includes an ‘other matter’ paragraph to explain that the report does not 
extend to the summary financial information for interim periods included in note 20 therein, which is not a 
required disclosure under International Accounting Standard 34, Interim Financial Reporting.  
Dealers transacting with the Issuer  
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for the Issuer and its affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or 
make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, 
including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, 
investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading 
activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the 
Issuer or the Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with 
the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering 
into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions 
in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates 
may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect 
of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long 
and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 138 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
138 
 
 
 
 
ISSUER 
Aker BP ASA 
Akerkvartalet, Building B 
Oksenøyveien 10 
1366 Lysaker 
Norway  
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
 
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch 
Riverside Two 
Sir John Rogerson’s Quay 
Grand Canal Dock 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Dealers as to English law 
To the Issuer as to Norwegian law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square  
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
Advokatfirmaet BAHR AS 
Tjuvholmen allé 16 
Postboks 1524 Vika, NO-0117 
Oslo 
Norway 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS OF THE ISSUER 
KPMG AS 
Sørkedalsveien 6 
Postboks 7000 Majorstuen 
0306 Oslo 
Norway

--- Page 139 ---
0122308-0000052 UKO2: 2002189184.26 
139 
 
 
 
DEALERS 
  
 
 ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10  
1082 PP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
 
Danske Bank A/S 
Nordea Bank Abp 
2-12 Holmens Kanal 
Satamaradankatu 5 
DK-1092 Copenhagen K 
FI-00020 Nordea 
Denmark 
Helsinki 
 
Finland 
 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
LISTING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building - Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugene Ruppert 
2453 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg