--- Page 1 ---
Aktieselskabet Arbejdernes Landsbank 
(incorporated as a public limited liability company in Denmark) 
DKK 10,000,000,000 
Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this DKK 10,000,000,000 Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”), Aktieselskabet Arbejdernes Landsbank (the 
“Issuer” or “Arbejdernes Landsbank”) may from time-to-time issue non-preferred senior notes (the “Notes”). Notes may be denominated 
in any currency (including DKK, euro, NOK and SEK) agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed DKK 
10,000,000,000, subject to any increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified on this front page of the Prospectus and any 
additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time, which appointment may be for a specific issue of Notes or on an 
ongoing basis (each, a “Dealer” and together, the “Dealers”). References in this Prospectus to the “relevant Dealer” shall, in the case of 
an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by one or more Dealers, be to all Dealers agreeing to purchase such Notes. The 
Issuer has reserved the right to issue Notes to persons other than Dealers. 
This prospectus (the “Prospectus”) has been approved as a base prospectus by the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority (in Danish: 
Finanstilsynet) (the “Danish FSA”), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended) (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). The Danish FSA only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes 
that are the subject of this Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
An application may be made to Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S (“Nasdaq Copenhagen”) for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted 
to trading and official listing on the regulated market of Nasdaq Copenhagen or on another regulated market in the European Economic 
Area (the “EEA”) for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (“MiFID II”). References in this Prospectus to the Notes being 
“listed” (and all related references) shall mean that, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Notes have been admitted 
to trading and official listing on Nasdaq Copenhagen. 
This Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are 
to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than 
in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. The obligation to supplement 
this Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Prospectus is no 
longer valid.  
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under 
Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation.  
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other 
information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will be set out in a final 
terms document (the “Final Terms”) which will, where listed, be delivered to the Danish FSA and Nasdaq Copenhagen (or that other 
regulated market where the Notes are to be listed).  
Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on Nasdaq Copenhagen or that other regulated market where the Notes are to be 
listed) will also be published on the website of the Issuer.  
The Notes issued under the Programme will be issued in uncertificated dematerialised book entry form and settled through either VP 
Securities A/S, (the “VP”) (“VP Notes”) or Verdipapirsentralen ASA (trading as Euronext Securities Oslo) (the “VPS”) (“VPS Notes”) 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or 
markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted 
to trading on any market. 
The Issuer has been rated A2 (long term unsecured rating) and P-1 (short term unsecured rating) by Moody’s Investors Service (Nordics) 
AB (“Moody’s”).  
For the purposes of Regulation (EC) no. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”), the credit ratings 
included or referred to in this Prospectus have been issued by Moody’s. Moody’s is established in the EEA and is registered under the 
CRA Regulation. Tranches of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, 
such rating will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, 
market and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may 
be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Prospectus. 
Arranger 
Danske Bank 
Dealers 
Danske Bank 
Nykredit Bank A/S 
 
 
Dated 15 June 2022

--- Page 2 ---
2 
This Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes issued under the Programme for the purposes of Article 
8 of the Prospectus Regulation and for the purposes of giving information with regard to the Issuer together with its 
consolidated subsidiaries (the “Arbejdernes Landsbank Group” or the “Group”) and the Notes which, according to the 
particular nature of the Issuer and the Notes, is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets 
and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer, the rights attaching to the Notes and the reasons 
for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer. 
This Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”). 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by 
Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Prospectus refers does not form part of this Prospectus and has 
not been scrutinised or approved by the Danish FSA. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers and the Arranger accepts any responsibility for the contents of 
this Prospectus or for any other statement, made or purported to be made by the Arranger or a Dealer or on its behalf in 
connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the Notes. The Arranger and each Dealer accordingly disclaim all and 
any liability, whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to above), which it might otherwise have in 
respect of this Prospectus or any such statement. The Arranger and the Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the 
financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme.  
Neither this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should be 
considered as a recommendation or constituting an invitation or offer by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of 
this Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should subscribe or 
purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of 
the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Prospectus nor 
any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
The distribution of this Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer 
and the Dealers do not represent that this document may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, 
in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption 
available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action 
has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which would permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this document 
in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or 
indirectly, and neither this Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in 
any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and the 
Dealers have represented that all offers and sales by them will be made on the same terms. Persons into whose possession 
this Prospectus or any Notes come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions. In particular, there are 
restrictions on the distribution of this Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA (including, for 
these purposes, Denmark, Norway and Sweden), the United Kingdom and Japan (see “Subscription and Sale”). 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act 1933, as amended, (the “Securities 
Act”). Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to US persons 
(see “Subscription and Sale”). 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In 
particular, each potential investor should: (i) have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of 
the relevant Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Prospectus or any applicable supplement; (ii) have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools 
to evaluate, in the context of its particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such 
investment will have on its overall investment portfolio; (iii) have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of 
the risks of an investment in the Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies; (iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant financial markets; 
and (v) be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, interest rate 
and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.  
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by 
certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes 
are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply 
to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators 
to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation manager(s) (the 
“Stabilisation Manager(s)”) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) may over-allot Notes or 
effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might 
otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after 
the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, 
may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must 
be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Managers (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) 
in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
All references in this document to “DKK” or ”Danish Kroner” are to the lawful currency of Denmark, those to “euro”, 
“EUR” or “€” are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant 
to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union (as amended from time to time), those to “NOK” or “Norwegian 
Kroner” are to the lawful currency of Norway and to “SEK” or ”Swedish Kronor” are to the lawful currency of Sweden. 
In this Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a reference to that law 
or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. Any such 
reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) no. 2016/1011 (as amended) (the “EU 
Benchmarks Regulation”). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the relevant Final Terms will 
indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the relevant Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator 
under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does 
not intend to update the relevant Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET 
The relevant Final Terms, in respect of any Notes will include a legend titled “MiFID II product governance” which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Notes about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (as amended) (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purposes of the MiFID Product Governance Rules.  
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET 
The relevant Final Terms, in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR product governance” which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Notes about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither 
the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purposes of the UK MIFIR 
Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, 
the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (as amended) (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) no. 1286/2014 (as 
amended) (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail 
Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a “retail investor” means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) (the “FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the United Kingdom 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – PURSUING LIQUIDATION OR BANKRUPTCY CLAIMS AGAINST THE ISSUER IN 
DENMARK 
The Issuer is incorporated in Denmark. If proceedings with respect to the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer should occur, 
the Noteholders of a relevant Series of Notes would be required to pursue their claims on such Notes in proceedings with 
respect to the Issuer in Denmark. To the extent that the relevant Noteholders are entitled to any recovery with respect to such 
Notes in any such Danish bankruptcy proceedings, such Noteholders would be entitled to a recovery in Danish Kroner. In 
the case of Notes denominated in a currency other than Danish Kroner, such recovery in Danish Kroner would be based on 
the relevant conversion rate of Danish Kroner to such currency in effect on the date the Issuer entered into such liquidation 
or bankruptcy proceedings.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT .................................................................................................................................... 6 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME AND THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..... 7 
RISK FACTORS .............................................................................................................................................................. 12 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE.................................................................................................... 26 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................................. 28 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .............................................................................................................................................. 61 
USE OF PROCEEDS ....................................................................................................................................................... 72 
DESCRIPTION OF ARBEJDERNES LANDSBANK AND ARBEJDERNES LANDSBANK GROUP ...................... 73 
TAXATION ...................................................................................................................................................................... 95 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ......................................................................................................................................... 97 
GENERAL INFORMATION ......................................................................................................................................... 101

--- Page 6 ---
6 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
 
Arbejdernes Landsbank’s responsibility 
Aktieselskabet Arbejdernes Landsbank, Vesterbrogade 5, DK-1620 Copenhagen V, Denmark is responsible for this 
Prospectus in accordance with Danish law. 
Responsible persons 
We hereby declare, as the persons responsible for this Prospectus on behalf of Arbejdernes Landsbank in our capacity as 
members of the Board of Directors and the Executive Management of Arbejdernes Landsbank, that to the best of our 
knowledge, the information contained in this Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and that this Prospectus makes no 
omission likely to affect its import. 
15 June 2022 
Aktieselskabet Arbejdernes Landsbank 
Board of Directors of Arbejdernes Landsbank 
Claus Jensen 
(Chairman of the Board) 
Ole Dam Wehlast 
(Vice-chairman of the Board) 
Lars Andersen  
(Board Member) 
Torben Möger Pedersen 
(Board Member) 
Lizette Risgaard 
(Board Member) 
Christian Riewe 
(Board Member) 
Ulla Sørensen 
(Board Member) 
Anja C. Jensen  
(Board Member) 
Lars Holst 
(Board Member) 
Yvonne Hansen 
(Board Member (employee 
representative)) 
Tina Holm  
(Board Member (employee 
representative)) 
Nadja Lind Bøgh Karlsen 
(Board Member (employee 
representative)) 
Jesper Pedersen 
(Board Member (employee 
representative)) 
 
Executive Management of Arbejdernes Landsbank  
Gert R. Jonassen 
(CEO) 
Jan Walther Andersen 
(Deputy CEO) 
Svend Randers 
(Executive Bank Director, Business) 
Simon Sinding Jørgensen 
(Executive Bank Director, Business 
Development, HR and IT) 
Frank Mortensen 
(Executive Bank Director, CFO) 
 
Gert R. Jonassen and Frank Mortensen have been authorised to sign this Prospectus for and on behalf of Arbejdernes 
Landsbank pursuant to a resolution of the Board of Directors of Arbejdernes Landsbank passed on 10 May 2022. 
For and on behalf of Aktieselskabet Arbejdernes Landsbank: 
______________________________________ 
______________________________________ 
Gert R Jonassen 
(CEO) 
Frank Mortensen 
(Executive Bank Director, CFO)

--- Page 7 ---
7 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME AND THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
Under the Programme, the Issuer may from time-to-time issue Notes denominated in any currency (including DKK, euro, 
NOK and SEK), subject as set out herein. An overview of the Programme and the Conditions (as defined under “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes”) appears below. The applicable terms of any Notes will be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer prior to the issue of the Notes and will be set out in the Conditions incorporated by reference into the Notes, 
as completed by the relevant Final Terms, incorporated by reference into the Notes.  
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder 
of this Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms. 
Words and expressions defined in the Conditions shall have the same meanings in this overview. 
 
Issuer: 
Aktieselskabet Arbejdernes Landsbank 
Website of the Issuer: 
https://www.al-bank.dk/en/in-english. The information on the website does 
not form part of this Prospectus, unless that information is incorporated by 
reference. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
549300D6BJ7XOO03RR69 
Description: 
Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
Danske Bank A/S 
Dealers: 
Danske Bank A/S 
Nykredit Bank A/S 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply with 
such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements 
from time to time (see “Subscription and Sale”). 
VP Issuing Agent for VP Notes: 
Aktieselskabet Arbejdernes Landsbank (being authorised by the VP to 
process and register issues in the system operated by the VP). 
VPS Issuing Agent for VPS Notes: 
The VPS Issuing Agent (in Norwegian: kontofører utsteder) appointed by 
the Issuer and as specified in the relevant Final Terms and being an entity 
authorised by the VPS to process and register issues in the system operated 
by the VPS. 
Programme size: 
Up to DKK 10,000,000,000 outstanding at any one time. The Issuer may 
increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms of the 
Programme Agreement (as defined below). 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and in each 
case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, such currencies as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer as indicated in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
Issue price: 
Notes shall be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price which is at 
par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
Notes may be issued under the Programme in uncertificated dematerialised 
book entry form, settled through the VP (“VP Notes”) or through the VPS 
(“VPS Notes”) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. VP Notes 
and VPS Notes will be in dematerialised form and will not be evidenced by 
any physical note or document of title.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
Ownership of VP Notes will be recorded in the book entry system 
maintained by VP and transferred through the securities settlement system 
maintained by VP. Settlement of the VP Notes may take place on either the 
VP settlement platform or on the TARGET System platform if the required 
conditions for TARGET System settlement as set out in VP’s settlement 
rules are fulfilled.  
Notes issued through VP will be negotiable instruments which are not 
subject to any restrictions on their free negotiability within Denmark, but 
the Noteholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with 
regard to the Notes specified under “Specified Denomination(s)” in the 
relevant Final Terms, or under laws to which a Noteholder may be subject. 
 
Ownership of VPS Notes will be recorded in the book entry system 
maintained by VPS and transferred through the securities settlement system 
maintained by VPS. Settlement of the VPS Notes will take place on the VPS 
settlement platform. Any such Notes settled on the VPS settlement platform 
must comply with the Norwegian Act of 15 March 2019 no. 6 on Central 
Securities Depositories (the “CSD Act”) which implements Regulation 
(EU) no. 909/2014 (“CSDR”) into Norwegian law, any regulations passed 
under the CSD Act and the rules of the VPS, in each case as amended or 
replaced from time to time, and the Noteholders of such Notes will be 
entitled to the rights and are subject to the obligations and liabilities which 
arise under the applicable legislation as well as the terms and conditions in 
effect from time to time of the VPS.  
Notes issued through the VPS will be negotiable instruments which are not 
subject to any restrictions on their free negotiability within Norway, but the 
Noteholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard 
to the Notes specified under “Specified Denomination(s)” in the relevant 
Final Terms, or under laws to which a Noteholder may be subject. 
Status of Notes: 
The Notes on issue will constitute Non-Preferred Senior Obligations of the 
Issuer. 
The Notes will constitute direct and unsecured debt obligations of the 
Issuer, and shall at all times rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) pari passu with any other obligations or instruments of the Issuer that 
rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the Notes (including any 
other Non-Preferred Senior Obligations of the Issuer), in each case as 
regards the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital 
on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer; 
(iii) senior to holders of the Ordinary Shares and any other obligations or 
capital instruments of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank 
junior to the Notes, or any obligations pursuant to Section 98 of the 
Danish Bankruptcy Act, in each case as regards the right to receive 
periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the 
right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of 
the Issuer; and 
(iv) junior to present or future claims of (a) depositors of the Issuer, (b) 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer pursuant to Section 97 of the 
Danish Bankruptcy Act and (c) any other unsubordinated creditors of 
the Issuer that are not creditors in respect of Non-Preferred Senior 
Obligations of the Issuer, in each case as regards the right to receive 
periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the 
right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of 
the Issuer. 
Maturities: 
Notes may be issued having any maturity, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturity as may be allowed or required from time to time by the

--- Page 9 ---
9 
Relevant Regulator or any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the 
relevant Specified Currency. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, Section 13(3) of the Danish Recovery and 
Resolution Act provides that, to rank as Non-Preferred Senior Obligations, 
each Tranche of Notes must have an original maturity of at least one year. 
Redemption: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the Notes will 
be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date. 
Specified Denomination: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
will be such amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency and save that in respect of 
Notes either (i) all trades in Notes as well as the initial subscription for 
Notes shall be in a minimum amount of €100,000 or (ii) the minimum 
specified denomination of each Note will be €100,000 (or, in each case, if 
the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount as of the relevant date of issue in such other currency).  
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed Rate Notes will bear interest at a fixed rate of interest specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, and will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in 
each year specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each Series 
as follows: 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating either the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc. (“ISDA”), and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series), or the latest version 
of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (as published 
by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the 
relevant Series) as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) by reference to EURIBOR, CIBOR, STIBOR or NIBOR (subject, if 
applicable, to the benchmark replacement provisions in the 
Conditions) as adjusted for any applicable margin, 
in each case, all as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms, and interest 
will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Reset Notes: 
Reset Notes will have reset provisions pursuant to which the relevant Notes 
will, in respect of an initial period, bear interest at an initial fixed rate of 
interest specified in the relevant Final Terms. Thereafter, the fixed rate of 
interest will be reset on one or more date(s) by reference to a mid-market 
swap rate or a rate based on the yield for an identified government bond or 
certain government bonds (in each case relating to the relevant Specified 
Currency), and for a period equal to the Reset Period, as adjusted for any 
applicable margin, in each case as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. Interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Interest Periods and Interest Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable interest 
rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to time or be constant 
for any Series. The use of interest accrual periods permits the Notes to bear 
interest at different rates in the same interest period. All such information 
will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
Optional redemption (Issuer call): 
The relevant Final Terms, will state whether the relevant Notes may be 
redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the option of the Issuer and, if so, 
the terms applicable to such redemption. Any such redemption shall be 
subject to the provisions of Condition 6(i) (Conditions to redemption etc. 
prior to the Maturity Date).  
Redemption upon the occurrence of a 
Tax Event: 
Early redemption will be permitted at the option of the Issuer upon the 
occurrence of a Tax Event as described in Condition 6(c) (upon the 
occurrence of a Tax Event), subject to the provisions of Condition 6(i) 
(Conditions to redemption etc. prior to the Maturity Date). 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a 
MREL Disqualification Event: 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, early redemption will be 
permitted at the option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a MREL 
Disqualification Event as described in Condition 6(d) (Redemption upon the 
occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event), subject to the provisions of 
Condition 6(i) (Conditions to redemption etc. prior to the Maturity Date). 
Substitution and variation: 
If a MREL Disqualification Event and/or a Tax Event has/have occurred 
and is/are continuing, the Issuer may, if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, subject to the provisions of Condition 6(i) (Conditions to 
redemption etc. prior to the Maturity Date), at its option, substitute all (but 
not some only) of such Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of 
such Notes, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders of such Notes, so that they become or remain Qualifying Non-
Preferred Senior Notes.  
Negative pledge: 
None. 
Enforcement Events: 
There will be enforcement events relating only to non-payment (allowing a 
Noteholder to institute proceedings in Denmark in order to recover the 
amounts due from the Issuer to such Noteholder) and the liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer, provided that a Noteholder may not itself file for 
the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
Meetings of Noteholders and 
modifications: 
The Notes contain provisions for convening and holding a Noteholders’ 
Meeting or instigating a Written Procedure, as described in further detail in 
Condition 12 (Decisions by Noteholders), Condition 13 (Noteholders’ 
Meeting) and Condition 14 (Written Procedure) to consider matters 
affecting the interests of the Noteholders of a Series of Notes generally. 
These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders of such 
Series including Noteholders of such Series who did not vote at the relevant 
meeting or reply in a Written Procedure and Noteholders of such Series who 
voted or replied in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Issuer may also, subject to Condition 6(i) (Conditions to redemption 
etc. prior to the Maturity Date), make any modification to the relevant 
Series of Notes which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders 
of such Series without the consent of the Noteholders of such Series. Any 
such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders of such Series. 
Ratings: 
Tranches of Notes may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is to 
be rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency. 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes by or on behalf 
of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or within Denmark or any authority

--- Page 11 ---
11 
therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction 
is required by law. In that event, in the case of a payment of interest only, 
the Issuer shall, save in certain limited circumstances provided in Condition 
8 (Taxation), be required to pay Additional Amounts as will result in receipt 
by the Noteholders of such amounts as would have been received by them 
had no such withholding or deduction been required. 
Governing law and jurisdiction: 
Save as provided in the sentence that follows, the Conditions and the Notes 
shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Danish law. If the 
Securities Depository is VPS, Conditions 3(b) (Transferability and Title) 
and 19 (Notices) are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, Norwegian law. 
The courts of Denmark shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
disputes that may arise out of or in connection with the Conditions and the 
Notes. 
Listing and admission to trading: 
An application may be made to Nasdaq Copenhagen for Notes issued under 
the Programme to be admitted to trading and official listing on the regulated 
market of Nasdaq Copenhagen or on another regulated market in the EEA. 
A Series of Notes may also be unlisted or not admitted to trading on any 
market or may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other 
or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. The relevant Final Terms, in respect 
of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes are to be 
listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or 
markets. 
Selling restrictions: 
For a description of restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and 
on the distribution of offering material in the United States of America, the 
EEA, the United Kingdom, Japan, Norway, Sweden and Denmark, see 
“Subscription and Sale” below.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
RISK FACTORS 
 
In purchasing Notes, Noteholders assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be unable to make all 
payments due under the Notes. There is a wide range of factors which individually, or collectively, could result in the Issuer 
becoming unable to make all payments due under the Notes. The Issuer may not be aware of all relevant factors and certain 
factors which the Issuer currently deems not to be material may become material as a result of the occurrence of events 
outside the Issuer’s control. In this Prospectus, the Issuer has identified a number of risks which could materially adversely 
affect the Issuer's business as well as the Issuer's ability to make payments due under the Notes.  
The risk factors are grouped in two main sections. The first section covers risk factors which may affect the Issuer’s ability 
to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued under the Programme. The second section covers risk factors which the Issuer 
believes may be material in relation to the Notes (including risks in relation to the structure of a particular issue of Notes, 
risks related to notes generally and risks related to the market which may affect the Issuer and/or the Notes). 
The most material risks, as currently assessed by the Issuer, taking into account, (i) the expected magnitude of their negative 
impact on the Issuer and/or the Notes and (ii) the probability of their occurrence, are set out first in the risk factor categories 
“Risks that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued under the Programme” and “Risks 
relating to the Notes – Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes”. The Issuer has not included an assessment 
of the probability of the occurrence of the risks set out in the risk factor categories “Risks that may affect the Issuer’s ability 
to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued under the Programme” and “Risks relating to the Notes – Risks related to the 
structure of a particular issue of Notes” as the Issuer has not deemed it possible to include an assessment of the probability 
of the occurrence of such risks.  
Prospective Noteholders should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Prospectus and reach their own 
views prior to making any investment decision. 
Words and expressions defined in the Conditions or elsewhere in this Prospectus have the same meanings in this section, 
unless otherwise stated. References to a numbered “Condition” shall be to the relevant Condition in the Conditions. 
RISKS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER NOTES 
ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Credit risk related to borrowers, counterparties and customers of the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group may have an adverse 
effect on the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group’s business, results of operations, financial position and/or prospects 
Credit risk is the risk of loss that the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group may incur as a result of a counterparty is wholly or partly 
unable to make payments, or fails to make payments for example as a result of the materialisation of the risks and/or events 
referred to in “Risks related to the general economic and geopolitical conditions may have a material adverse effect on the 
Arbejdernes Landsbank Group’s business, results of operations, financial position and/or prospect” below. Credit risk also 
encompasses that the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group may be unable to assess the credit risk of potential borrowers or other 
counterparties. Consequently, the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group may provide loans, credits and other financial products to 
customers that increase the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group’s credit risk exposure more than intended. Credit risk is an inherent 
part of the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group’s business. The vast majority of the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group credit risk 
arises from the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group’s loan portfolio and from credit lines, guarantees leasing and factoring. 
Furthermore, credit risk also includes settlement and counterparty risks. Settlement risk is the risk arising when payments are 
settled, for instance payments for financial instruments, such as derivatives. The risk arises when the Issuer transfers payments 
before it has attained full assurance that the counterparty has met all its obligations. Counterparty risk is the risk of suffering 
a loss as a consequence of financial counterparties or customers defaulting on their obligations in connection with trade in 
money market loans and financial instruments, such as derivatives.  
The Arbejdernes Landsbank Group may suffer losses from credit risk in the future, some of which may be material in amount, 
which could have an adverse effect on the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group’s business, results of operations, financial position 
and/or prospects and could thereby ultimately cause the Issuer to become unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts 
on or in connection with the Notes. 
For an overview of the credit risk of the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group as of 31 December 2021 reference is made to pages 
125-138 of the Arbejdernes Landsbank 2021 Annual Report incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. Reference 
is also made to pages 24-33 of the 2021 Group Risk Report. See “Documents incorporated by reference” below.  
Risks related to the operations, business and reputation of the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group may have a material adverse 
effect on the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group’s business, results of operations, financial position, reputation and/or 
prospects

--- Page 13 ---
13 
Operational risk is understood as the risk of loss that the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group may incur which results from 
inappropriate or incomplete internal procedures, human errors and systems failure, or as a consequence of external events, 
including legal risks. All activities of the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group are subject to operational risk. 
Operational risks are categorized on the basis of the seven event types defined by the CRR, which are: (i) employment 
practices and workplace safety, (ii) external fraud, (iii) business disruption and system failures, (iv) internal fraud, (v) clients, 
products and business practice, (vi) execution, delivery and process management and (vii) damage to physical assets.  
The Arbejdernes Landsbank Group’s business activities are increasingly dependent on highly advanced IT systems and IT is 
essential to support the business activities. Until the Group has fully automatized all of their processes for example with 
respect to handling of data consolidation, the operational risk of the Group in this respect also relates to execution and 
management of such manual processes. The Group may be the target of malicious hacking resulting in the shutdown of 
individual or all of its IT systems. The main IT-systems of the Group are outsourced to BEC Financial Technologies (“BEC”), 
which is a full-service Danish IT supplier. The Group is therefore depending on the proper functioning of BEC. Consequences 
of disruptions or breakdown of BEC’s IT system, a malicious hacker attack against BEC or the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group 
could include financial losses, business disruption, inability to service payments on time, loss of data or other sensitive 
information etc. which could have a material adverse effect on the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group’s business, results of 
operations, financial position, reputation and/or prospects and could thereby ultimately cause the Issuer to become unable to 
pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with the Notes. 
Business risk is the risk of loss that the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group may incur caused by changes in conditions or events 
that harm the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group’s image or operational performance. Business risk includes strategic risk and 
reputational risk. Strategic risk and reputational risk are the risks of loss that the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group may incur 
due to circumstances or events that could harm the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group’s reputation or strategy negatively. 
Materialisation of business risk, including strategic risk and reputational risk becomes apparent in unexpected falls in 
revenues or unexpected rises in costs for example due to sharpened competitive pricing leading to a drop in business volume 
or falling revenues on the existing volume of business of the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group. Failure by the Arbejdernes 
Landsbank Group to identify and manage these risks could have a material adverse effect on the Arbejdernes Landsbank 
Group’s business, results of operations, financial position, reputation and/or prospects and could thereby ultimately cause the 
Issuer to become unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with the Notes. 
Risks related to the general economic and geopolitical conditions in Denmark and internationally may have a material 
adverse effect on the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group’s business, results of operations, financial position and/or prospects 
The business activities and performance of Arbejdernes Landsbank Group are dependent on the level of banking, finance, 
leasing and financial services required by its customers. In particular, levels of borrowing are dependent on customer 
confidence, employment trends, state of the economy, housing market and market interest rates at the time. The Arbejdernes 
Landsbank Group currently conducts its business in Denmark and its performance is therefore influenced by the level and 
cyclical nature of business activity in Denmark, which is in turn affected by both domestic and international economic and 
political events, including military actions. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine (and the related sanctions imposed by the United 
States, the EU, the United Kingdom, Canada, Japan and Australia, among others) has and is expected to continually adversely 
affect the global economy and thereby also directly and indirectly the Danish economy. The impact of Russia’s invasion of 
Ukraine is still uncertain, but have so far further pushed up inflation and intensified supply chain bottlenecks, and may result 
in increases in energy prices or a shutdown of energy supply from Russia to Europe, which would have substantial negative 
effect on the economic outlook for Denmark. The factors described above could, together or individually, have an material 
adverse effect on the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group’s business, results of operations, financial position and/or prospects and 
could thereby ultimately cause the Issuer to become unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection 
with the Notes. 
A negative development in the general economic conditions in Denmark, such as a downturn in the economy, an increase in 
unemployment in Denmark, reduced personal income levels of Arbejdernes Landsbank’s customers (for example due to 
higher interest rates, surge in food prices and increase in electricity (and other utilities) prices), inflationary pressures, 
borrowers’ reduced ability to repay loans, negative developments within fisheries and agricultural sectors (including but not 
limited to, declining pig prices and outbreaks of the African swine fever), disruptions in global supply chains, fluctuations 
and increase in electricity (and other utilities) prices or a reduction in the value of housing and other collateral provided to 
the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group could have a material adverse effect on the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group’s business, 
results of operations, financial position and/or prospects and could thereby ultimately cause the Issuer to become unable to 
pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with the Notes. 
In March 2020, the World Health Organisation declared the outbreak of the novel strain of coronavirus (“COVID-19”), 
which first emerged in the People’s Republic of China in late December 2019 (“COVID-19”) to be a pandemic. Given the 
ongoing and dynamic nature of the consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic and the government measures implemented to 
counter or limit the adverse impact of the outbreak, it is not possible to ascertain how long the outbreak of COVID-19 may

--- Page 14 ---
14 
last or how severe it will become. Currently, some European countries still have imposed certain restrictions in answer to the 
COVID-19 pandemic. Furthermore, new mutations and variants of COVID-19 have emerged. Such new mutations and 
variants may have an increased level of transmissibility, the ability to evade vaccines and cause more severe symptoms than 
the strains of COVID-19 seen until now. Consequently, the full impact that COVID-19 may have on the Danish and global 
economy and the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group, including the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial position 
and/or prospects, is difficult to predict. 
The measures by various governments to reduce the spread of COVID-19 and the impact from the virus itself on everyday 
behaviour has had a negative impact on the economic activity in general. There has been behavioural changes in global 
consumption and travel and disruptions in global supply chains. In combination with general uncertainty regarding the 
evolution and resolution of COVID-19, it has resulted in some volatility in financial markets, commodity markets and other 
markets and harm to the Danish economy and generally to economies in Europe and globally which may have affected and 
may continue to affect the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group’s small and medium-sized enterprises (“SME’s”) and corporate 
customers export activities.  
In December 2021, Denmark re-imposed measures to help combat the surge of COVID-19 infections in Denmark, including 
closing schools, theatres, cinemas, clubs, entertainment parks, as well as measures to limit large crowds in stores and shops. 
However, these restrictions have again been lifted with effect as of 1 February 2022, from which date COVID-19 was no 
longer categorised as a critical threat to society. If Denmark sees a broad-based surge in the spread of COVID-19, a 
reclassification of COVID-19 as a critical threat to society or new mutations and variants of COVID-19 (or possibly other 
contagious diseases) other and additional measures, including another lockdown of the Danish society cannot be ruled out 
which could have (i) a negative effect on the Group’s SME customers – both from the decline in domestic consumption and 
investment activity as well as from the negative spill over effect from reduced consumption and economic activity in 
Denmark’s main trade partner countries, (ii) negative effect on the commercial real estate market in case of long lasting or 
permanent shifts in behaviour as property owners are dependent on tenants in retail, hotels, restaurants and service businesses 
(iii) result in supply chain challenges and/or increases to prices of raw material, that could increase default rates and result in 
increased credit impairments for the Group could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, 
financial position and/or prospects and could thereby ultimately cause the Issuer to become unable to pay interest, principal 
or other amounts on or in connection with the Notes.  
Furthermore, the COVID-19 pandemic has led to a shift in working patterns of the Group, with more people working from 
home on a regular basis and for extended periods of time, which could result in physical or mental stress related symptoms 
and further steps and considerations to be taken in order to comply with requirements relating to the General Data Protection 
Regulation and securing the physical and mental wellbeing of employees. Furthermore, if Denmark, on a national or local 
level, experiences another wave of COVID-19 (or possibly other contagious diseases), or severe side effects from the vaccine 
programme or the vaccine does not work as intended, the Group may be required by authorities (or determine in the best 
interests of its employees, customers, partners or suppliers) to follow measures that could affect the Group’s ability to perform 
its functions as normal. This has and can further increase the level of operational risk of the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group, 
which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer (see “Risks related to the operations, business and reputation of the 
Arbejdernes Landsbank Group which may have a material adverse effect on the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group’s business, 
results of operations, financial position, reputation and/or prospects” above).  
Market risk related to adverse developments in market values resulting from fluctuations in interest rates, credit spreads, 
foreign currency exchange rates and equity and commodity prices may have an adverse effect on the Arbejdernes 
Landsbank Group’s business, results of operations, financial position and/or prospects 
The Arbejdernes Landsbank Group faces market risks primarily as interest-rate risk, credit-spread risk, share-price risk or 
currency risk and market risk is an inherent part of its business model, partly due to the Issuer’s traditional significant deposits 
surplus which amounted to DKK 29.8 billion at the end of 2021. The deposit surplus is actively managed via investment 
activities. Market risk also arise as a result of servicing the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group’s customers’ need. The 
Arbejdernes Landsbank Group’s market risk relates to the risk of loss that the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group may incur 
because of adverse developments and volatility in market values resulting from fluctuations in interest rates, credit spreads, 
foreign currency exchange rates and equity, fixed income and commodity prices. The performance of financial markets may 
cause changes in the value of the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group’s investment and trading portfolios as well as affect other 
areas of the operations of the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group such as the availability of funding for the Arbejdernes Landsbank 
Group.  
Any fluctuations in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, equity prices and fixed income prices could have an 
adverse effect on the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group’s business, results of operations, financial position and/or prospects and 
could thereby ultimately cause the Issuer to become unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection 
with the Notes.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
Risks related to stress tests and other regulatory enquiries, which could trigger enforcement actions by supervisory 
authorities may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial position and/or 
prospects 
Banks, such as the Issuer, is subject to periodic stress testing and other regulatory enquiries to examine the resilience of banks 
to adverse market developments. Such stress tests are initiated and coordinated by the EBA, the Danish Central Bank and/or 
the Danish FSA. Stress tests and the disclosure of their results can influence the banking or the financial services sector and 
lead to a loss of trust with regard to individual banks or the financial services sector as a whole. The outcome of stress tests 
could materially and adversely affect the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group’s reputation and funding costs, as well as trigger 
enforcement actions by supervisory authorities. The outcome of stress tests could also result in the Arbejdernes Landsbank 
Group having to meet higher capital and/or liquidity requirements, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
funding costs, business, results of operations, financial position and/or prospects and could thereby ultimately cause the Issuer 
to become unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with the Notes. 
In addition, stress tests could reveal certain information that would not otherwise have surfaced. This could lead to certain 
measures or capital and funding requirements by supervisory authorities being imposed or taken, which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group’s funding costs, business, results of operations, financial position and/or 
prospects and could thereby ultimately cause the Issuer to become unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with the Notes. 
Risks relating to the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group becoming involved in supervisory actions, litigation and regulatory 
investigations may have an adverse effect on the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group’s business, results of operations, 
reputation, financial position and/or prospects  
The Arbejdernes Landsbank Group operates in a legal and regulatory environment that exposes it to potentially significant 
litigation and regulatory risks. As a result, the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group is and may become involved in various disputes 
and legal proceedings in Denmark and other jurisdictions, including litigation and regulatory investigations. Further, the 
Arbejdernes Landsbank Group’s banking and other operations, like those of other banks, have been the subject of regulatory 
scrutiny from time to time. For example, the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group is subject to applicable anti-money laundering 
laws. The Danish FSA conducts on-going inspections from time to time of the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group’s compliance 
with, inter alia, anti-money laundering laws, which can potentially lead to supervisory actions. Any such supervisory actions, 
disputes and legal proceedings are subject to many uncertainties, and their outcomes are often difficult to predict, particularly 
in the earlier stages of a case or investigation. As set out in paragraph 3 of the section “General Information” below, as at the 
date of this Prospectus no such supervisory actions have, or have had in the past 12 months, significant effects on the financial 
position or profitability of the Issuer and/or the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group. However, if the Arbejdernes Landsbank 
Group becomes involved in supervisory actions, litigation and regulatory investigations in the future it could have an adverse 
effect on Arbejdernes Landsbank Group’s business, results of operations, reputation, financial position and/or prospects and 
could thereby ultimately cause the Issuer to become unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection 
with the Notes. 
General regulatory risk related to changes in supervision and regulation may affect the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group’s 
business, the products and services offered or the value of its assets 
The Arbejdernes Landsbank Group is subject to financial services laws, regulations, administrative actions and policies in 
Denmark, which also encompass an increasing focus on environmental, social and governance (ESG) regulatory matters 
regarding the business of the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group. The regulation of ESG and various other aspects of banking 
regulations are still under debate in the EU, including, inter alia, proposals to review standardised approaches for capital 
requirements for credit risk, market risk and operational risk. See “Risks related to an increase in the Issuer’s and/or the 
Arbejdernes Landsbank Group’s capital requirements, leverage ratio requirements, net stable funding ratio requirement, 
liquidity requirements and/or REA which could have a material adverse effect on the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group’s 
business, results of operations, financial position and/or prospects” above). Regulatory risk is the risk that changes in 
supervision and regulation applicable to the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group in Denmark could materially affect the 
Arbejdernes Landsbank Group’s business, the products and services offered or the value of its assets. Future changes in 
regulation, fiscal or other policies can be unpredictable and are beyond the control of the Issuer. 
Regulatory risk may also arise from a failure by the Issuer to comply with laws and regulations, which could lead to civil 
liability, disciplinary action, the imposition of fines and/or ultimately withdrawal of the licence, permission or authorisation 
to conduct the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group’s business in Denmark. 
Funding and liquidity risk related to funding costs, liquidity, deposit withdrawal and access to funds may have an adverse 
effect on the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group’s business, results of operations, financial position and/or prospects

--- Page 16 ---
16 
Liquidity risk is the risk of loss that the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group may incur because funding costs become excessive, 
a lack of funding prevents the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group from fulfilling its business model or a lack of funding prevents 
the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group from fulfilling its payment obligations.  
For the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group, being a financial intermediary, liquidity risk is an inherent and unavoidable part of 
the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group’s banking operations. Liquidity risk of the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group arises from 
funding mismatches in the balance sheet as the average duration of Arbejdernes Landsbank Group’s loan portfolio is 
generally longer than the average duration of Arbejdernes Landsbank Group’s funding sources. 
The Arbejdernes Landsbank Group’s financing of borrowed capital is mainly funded by customer deposits, and therefore the 
Arbejdernes Landsbank Group is also subject to the risk that its depositors could withdraw their funds at a faster rate than 
the rate at which the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group’s borrowers repay their loans, thus causing liquidity strains for the 
Arbejdernes Landsbank Group.  
Ready access to funds is essential to any banking business, including the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group. If the Arbejdernes 
Landsbank Group is unable to access funds or to access the markets from which the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group raises 
funds, it could have an adverse effect on the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group’s ability to meet its obligations as they fall due 
and impede the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group’s ability to finance its operations adequately. These and other factors could 
also lead creditors, including depositors, to form a negative view of the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group’s liquidity, which 
could result in higher borrowing costs and decreased access to various funding sources for the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group 
which could have an adverse effect on the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group’s business, results of operations, financial position 
and/or prospects and could thereby ultimately cause the Issuer to become unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts 
on or in connection with the Notes. 
Risks related to an increase in the Issuer’s and/or the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group’s capital requirements, leverage 
ratio requirements, net stable funding ratio requirement, liquidity requirements and/or REA could have a material adverse 
effect on the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group’s business, results of operations, financial position and/or prospects 
The capital requirements (the minimum own fund requirement, the additional own funds requirements and the combined 
buffer requirement) (see “Description of Arbejdernes Landsbank and Arbejdernes Landsbank Group” – “2. Capital and 
solvency need – 2.6. Combined buffer requirement”) applicable to the Issuer and/or the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group are, 
by their nature, calculated by reference to a number of factors any one of which or combination of which may not be easily 
observable or capable of calculation by investors. For example, the combined buffer requirement consists of the combination 
of the capital conservation buffer, the institution-specific counter-cyclical buffer and the higher of (depending on the 
institution), the other systemically important institution (“O-SII”) buffer and the global systemically important institutions 
(“G-SII”) buffer and, in general, the systemic risk buffer, in each case as applicable to the institution, which all (except for 
the capital conservation buffer) depends on institution specific criteria and where the counter-cyclical buffer is a varying 
requirement over time. As of the date of this Prospectus, the combined buffer requirement of the Issuer consists of the capital 
conservation buffer, the counter-cyclical buffer and the O-SII buffer. The additional own funds requirement is imposed on each 
institution, inter alia, to address risks or elements of risk explicitly excluded or not explicitly covered by the minimum own funds 
requirement. Any of the capital requirements applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group may be amended in the future to include 
new and more onerous capital requirements.  
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 (the “CRR II Amendment Regulation”) amending the CRR and Directive (EU) 2019/878 (the 
“CRD V Amendment Directive”) amending the CRD introduce, among other things, a leverage ratio requirement of 3 per 
cent. Tier 1 Capital, harmonised binding requirement for stable funding (the “Net Stable Funding Ratio” or “NSFR”) on 
100 per cent., strengthening of the conditions for use of internal models to calculate own funds requirement and changes to 
the relevant competent authority’s application of the institution specific “Pillar 2” capital add-ons (referred to above as the 
additional own funds requirements). The additional own funds requirement must be fulfilled with at least 56.25 per cent. 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital and at least 75 per cent. Tier 1 capital. Furthermore, the CRD V Amendment Directive 
authorises the relevant competent authority to require that the institution fulfils its additional own funds requirement with a 
higher portion of Tier 1 Capital or Common Equity Tier 1 Capital where necessary (while having regard to the specific 
circumstances of the relevant institution). The CRD V Amendment Directive also introduces a so-called “guidance on 
additional own funds” requirement (also referred to as P2G), which sets a level and quality of CET1 capital the relevant credit 
institution is expected to hold in excess of its overall capital requirement. The guidance on additional own funds will be based 
on, inter alia, the stress tests performed in respect of the Issuer and the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group. Where an institution 
repeatedly fails to meet the guidance on additional own funds, the competent authority is entitled to take supervisory measures 
and, where appropriate, impose additional own funds requirements. The CRR II Amendment Regulation and CRD V 
Amendment Directive entered into force on 27 June 2019. The CRD V Amendment Directive has been implemented into 
Danish law  
The European Banking Authority (“EBA”) and the Danish FSA will continue to propose detailed rules through binding 
technical standards, guidelines, recommendations and/or opinions in respect of many areas, including the CRR, the CRR II

--- Page 17 ---
17 
Amendment Regulation, the CRD Directive and the CRD Amendment V Directive. As a consequence, the Arbejdernes 
Landsbank Group is subject to the risk of possible interpretational changes and new technical guidelines, recommendations 
and/or opinions, which potentially could lead to a reduction in the regulatory capital or an increase in the risk exposure 
amount (“REA”) of the Issuer and the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group. 
On 7 December 2017, the Basel Committee published its recommendations named Basel III: Finalising post crisis reforms 
(informally referred to as “Basel IV”). The reforms contain new requirements for credit risk, operational risk, market risk 
and a so called output floor which sets new minimum standards for capital requirements in financial institutions using internal 
models for calculating capital requirements. On 27 October 2021, the European Commission published its proposal for a 
review of the CRR and the CRD, implementing, inter alia, the Basel IV (the “Basel IV CRR/CRD Proposal”). The Basel 
IV CRR/CRD Proposal is currently subject to the EU legislative procedure. The Basel IV CRR/CRD Proposal introduces, 
inter alia, changes to the calculations of credit risk and market risk and an output floor on 72.5 per cent. of the standardised 
approach for calculating REA. The output floor will be gradually introduced from 1 January 2025 over a period of 5 years. 
The Arbejdernes Landsbank Group’s REA will increase as a result of a European implementation of Basel IV as set out in 
the Basel IV CRR/CRD Proposal. The exact amount with which the REA of the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group will increase 
is currently unknown and will depend on the final implementation of Basel IV. The Arbejdernes Landsbank Group has 
incorporated the current estimated increase in REA in the capital planning forecasts.  
The relationship between any of the aforementioned own funds requirements, combined buffer requirement and MREL 
requirement (see “Risk factors relating to the Notes” – “Resolution tools and powers under the BRRD” – “The MREL 
Requirement”) is particularly complex and depends on a range of different factors and it may lead to severe consequences 
for an institution, including the Issuer, if its capital levels fall below the combined buffer requirement, the guidance on 
additional own funds, the MREL requirement, the additional own funds requirement and the minimum own funds 
requirement. For example, if the regulatory capital requirements, leverage ratio requirements, liquidity restrictions or ratios 
applied to the Issuer and/or the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group are increased in the future, any failure of the Issuer and/or the 
Arbejdernes Landsbank Group to maintain such increased capital and liquidity ratios could result in administrative actions 
or sanctions, which could have a material adverse effect on the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group’s business, results of 
operations, financial position and/or prospects and could thereby ultimately cause the Issuer to become unable to pay interest, 
principal or other amounts on or in connection with the Notes.  
Risks relating to Arbejdernes Landsbank’s participation in the Deposit Guarantee Scheme and resolution fund may result 
in Arbejdernes Landsbank to incur additional costs 
In Denmark and other jurisdictions, deposit guarantee schemes and similar funds (each, a “Deposit Guarantee Scheme”) 
have been implemented from which compensation for deposits may become payable to customers of financial services firms 
in the event that such financial services firm is unable to pay, or unlikely to pay, claims against it. Revised legislation 
regarding the Danish Deposit Guarantee Scheme redefines the Danish scheme as a premium based scheme funded by the 
banking sector itself, such that the participating banks’ (including the Issuer) payments into the scheme will be more stable 
every year in profit and loss terms. The calculation of premium will be based on each participating bank’s covered deposits 
and the relevant bank’s risk profile. The premium payments will stop when a target level of 0.8 per cent. of covered deposits 
of all Danish credit institutions has been reached. In addition, the Issuer contributes to the Danish resolution fund established 
as the Danish resolution financing arrangement under the BRRD, which capital must amount to 1.0 per cent. of the covered 
deposits of all Danish credit institutions by 31 December 2024. The future target level of funds to be accumulated in Deposit 
Guarantee Schemes and resolution funds across different EU countries may exceed the minimum levels provided for in the 
BRRD, Directive 2014/49/EU, as amended from time to time, (the “Revised Deposit Guarantee Schemes Directive”) and 
in EU Regulation No 806/2014, as amended from time to time and EU Regulation No 81/2015, as amended from time to 
time of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of 
credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution 
Fund (the latter of which will be relevant should Denmark choose to participate in the Single Resolution Mechanism). Both 
the BRRD and the Revised Deposit Guarantee Schemes Directive are implemented into Danish law as referred to in 
“Resolution tools and powers under the BRRD” below and by Consolidated Act No. 356 of 2 April 2020 on Depositor and 
Investor Guarantee Scheme as amended from time to time. 
It is still unclear whether Denmark, despite being outside the Eurozone, will join the European Banking Union and 
therefore be part of the Single Resolution Mechanism. It therefore remains unclear which costs the Issuer will incur in the 
coming year in relation to payments to deposit guarantee funds and/or resolution funds on a national or European level. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES  
Risks related to the structure of the Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes under the Programme, which constitute Non-Preferred Senior Obligations. Each series of the 
Notes may have features which contain particular risks for prospective Noteholders. Set out below is a description of such 
features.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
At any time upon the occurrence of (in each case, to the extent applicable to the relevant series of Notes) (i) a Tax Event 
pursuant to Condition 6(c), (ii) a MREL Disqualification Event pursuant to Condition 6(d) or (iii) an Optional Redemption 
Date pursuant to Condition 6(e), the Notes may be redeemed (if applicable) at the option of the Issuer at their Early 
Redemption Amount or, as the case may be, Optional Redemption Amount together with accrued interest, as more 
particularly described in the Conditions.  
Such an optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of the Notes. During any period where the Issuer may 
elect to redeem, or is perceived to be likely to redeem, Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. If the 
Issuer redeems the Notes in any of the circumstances mentioned above, there is a risk that the Notes may be redeemed at 
times when the redemption proceeds are less than the current market value of the Notes or when prevailing interest rates may 
be relatively low, in which latter case Noteholders may only be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in securities with a 
lower yield. Prospective Noteholders should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time of 
investment. 
Redemption of the Notes by the Issuer; redemption subject to permission of the Relevant Regulator 
Any early redemption by the Issuer of the Notes upon the occurrence of (in each case, to the extent applicable to the relevant 
series of Notes) (i) a Tax Event pursuant to Condition 6(c), (ii) an MREL Disqualification Event pursuant to Condition 6(d) 
or (iii) an Optional Redemption Date pursuant to Condition 6(e), respectively, is subject to the prior permission of the 
Relevant Regulator pursuant to Articles 77 and 78a of the CRR and any regulatory technical standards adopted by the 
Commission in relation thereto or as then required by the CRD/CRR. 
Noteholders should not invest in such Notes in the expectation that a call option included in the terms of such Notes will be 
exercised by the Issuer. The Relevant Regulator must agree to permit such a call to be exercised by the Issuer, based upon its 
evaluation of the capital position, with respect to own funds and eligible liabilities, of the Issuer and certain other factors at 
the relevant time. In any such case, there can be no assurance that the Relevant Regulator will permit such a call to be 
exercised by the Issuer. 
In addition, if applicable to a Series of Notes, if, after a notice of redemption has been given in accordance with paragraph 
(c), (d) or (e), respectively, of Condition 6, the Relevant Regulator withdraws its permission to the relevant redemption before 
the relevant redemption date, the relevant redemption shall not be made until a new redemption notice is given and all 
conditions for redemption as described in paragraph (i) of Condition 6 have been fulfilled. Prospective Noteholders in the 
relevant Notes should be aware that, whether or not a redemption notice has been issued in respect of such Notes, any 
redemption of such Notes will, at all times, remain subject to the permission of the Relevant Regulator. 
The Notes rank junior to the Issuer’s other unsubordinated creditors 
The Notes constitute direct and unsecured debt obligations of the Issuer and constitute Non-Preferred Senior Obligations of 
the Issuer.  
Non-Preferred Senior Obligations are unsubordinated and unsecured liabilities of the Issuer which rank in accordance with 
Section 13(3) of the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act. 
As described in Condition 4, the Notes will rank junior to present or future claims of (a) depositors of the Issuer, (b) 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer pursuant to Section 97 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act and (c) any other unsubordinated 
creditors of the Issuer that are not creditors in respect of Non-Preferred Senior Obligations of the Issuer, in each case as 
regards the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment 
of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
The Issuer may issue other obligations or instruments that rank or are expressed to rank senior to the Notes or pari passu 
with the Notes, in each case as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and 
the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. In the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy 
of the Issuer, the Issuer will be required to pay its depositors and other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer that are not 
creditors in respect of Non-Preferred Senior Obligations of the Issuer in full before it can make any payments on the Notes. 
If such event occurs, the Issuer may not have enough assets remaining after these payments are made to pay amounts due 
under the Notes. In addition, in the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, to the extent the Issuer has assets 
remaining after paying its creditors who rank senior to the Notes, payments relating to other obligations or instruments of the 
Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the Notes may, if there are insufficient assets to satisfy the claims of 
all of the Issuer’s pari passu creditors, further reduce the assets available to pay amounts due under the Notes on a liquidation

--- Page 19 ---
19 
or bankruptcy of the Issuer. Consequently, in the event of a liquidation of bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Noteholders may not 
receive payment in full of interest, principal or other amounts due under the Notes. 
Substitution and variation without Noteholder consent 
If Condition 6(h) is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, subject to Condition 6(i), if an MREL 
Disqualification Event and/or a Tax Event in relation to the relevant Notes has/have occurred and is/are continuing, the Issuer 
may at its option substitute all (but not some only) of the relevant Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the 
relevant Notes without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the relevant Notes, so that they become 
or remain Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes. 
Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes are securities issued by the Issuer that have, inter alia, terms which (i) adhere to the 
specific conditions outlined in the definition of “Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes” in the Conditions and (ii) are not 
prejudicial to the interests of the relevant Noteholders compared to the terms of the relevant Notes, as the case may be 
(provided that the Issuer shall have delivered a certificate to that effect signed by two members of its Executive Management 
to the Issuing Agent). Due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder, it is not certain that any Qualifying Non-
Preferred Senior Notes will be as favourable to each Noteholder in all respects or that, if it were entitled to do so, a particular 
Noteholder would make the same determination as the Issuer as to whether the terms of the relevant Qualifying Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes are not prejudicial to the interests of the relevant Noteholders compared to the terms of the relevant Notes prior 
to such substitution or variation, as the case may be. 
No events of default and limited Enforcement Events  
There are no events of default in relation to the Notes and Noteholders are not entitled to file for liquidation or bankruptcy of 
the Issuer. Noteholders may not at any time demand repayment or redemption of their Notes, and enforcement rights for any 
payment are limited to the claim of Noteholders in a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. In a liquidation or bankruptcy 
of the Issuer, a Noteholder may prove or claim in such proceedings in respect of such Notes, such claim being for payment 
of the Early Redemption Amount of such Notes at the time of commencement of such liquidation or bankruptcy together 
with any interest accrued and unpaid on such Notes from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding 
commencement of such liquidation or bankruptcy and any other amounts payable on such Notes under the Conditions. 
Resolution tools and powers under the BRRD 
Recovery and Resolution Directive 
The Issuer is subject to the BRRD, an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions, including 
the general bail-in tool and the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (“MREL”), which is implemented 
into Danish law by way of the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act and by amendments to the Danish Financial Business 
Act. Any reference to the BRRD below shall include the implementation hereof into Danish law.  
The BRRD contains various resolution powers which may be used alone or in combination without the consent of the  credit 
institution’s creditors, including the Noteholders, where the relevant resolution authority considers that (a) a credit institution 
is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the 
failure of such credit institution within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest, including 
(i) the sale of business tool, (ii) the bridge institution tool, (iii) the asset separation tool and (iv) bail-in tool.  
The BRRD confers substantial powers on national resolution authorities designed to enable them to take a range of actions, 
including bail-in that may result in the write down and/or conversion into equity of certain claims of unsecured creditors 
(including the Notes), in relation to credit institutions which are considered to be at risk of failing. The exercise of any of 
these actions in relation to the Issuer could materially adversely affect the value of any Notes. 
The application of the general bail-in tool with respect to the Notes may result in the write-down or cancellation of all, or a 
portion of, the principal amount of, or outstanding amount payable in respect of, and/or interest on, the Notes and/or the 
conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount of, or outstanding amount payable in respect of, or interest on, the 
Notes into shares or other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, including by means of a variation to 
the terms of the Notes to give effect to such application of the general bail-in tool.  
The exercise of any resolution tools and powers under the BRRD, or any suggestion of such exercise, could have a material 
adverse effect on the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in any Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer 
to satisfy its obligations under any Notes.  
To the extent any resulting treatment of Noteholders pursuant to the exercise of the general bail-in tool is less favourable than 
would have been the case under such hierarchy in normal insolvency proceedings, a holder has a right to compensation under

--- Page 20 ---
20 
the BRRD based on an independent valuation of the credit institution (which is referred to as the “no creditor worse off 
principle” under the BRRD). However, any such compensation is unlikely to compensate that holder for the losses it has 
actually incurred and there is likely to be a considerable delay in the recovery of such compensation. Compensation payments 
(if any) are also likely to be made considerably later than when amounts may otherwise have been due under the Notes that 
have been subject to the application of the general bail-in tool.  
The BRRD also provides resolution authorities with broader powers to implement other resolution measures, which may 
include (without limitation) the replacement or substitution of the credit institution as obligor in respect of debt instruments, 
such as the Notes, modifications to the terms of debt instruments, such as the Notes, (including altering the maturity and/or 
the amount of interest payable and/or imposing a temporary suspension on payments) and discontinuing the listing and 
admission to trading of financial instruments, such as the Notes.  
Depositor preference, the Insolvency Hierarchy Directive and the general bail-in tool 
The Danish implementation of the Revised Deposit Guarantee Scheme (see “Risks relating to Arbejdernes Landsbank’s 
participation in the Deposit Guarantee Scheme and resolution fund”) increased the nature and quantum of insured deposits 
to cover a wide range of deposits, including certain corporate deposits (unless the depositor is a public sector body or financial 
institution) and some temporary high value deposits. The effect of these changes is to increase the size of the class of preferred 
creditors. All such preferred deposits will rank in the insolvency hierarchy ahead of all other unsecured creditors of the Issuer, 
including (but not limited to) the Noteholders. Furthermore, insured deposits are excluded from the scope of the general bail-
in tool. Directive 2017/2399/EU amending the BRRD (the “Insolvency Hierarchy Directive”) enables banks, including the 
Issuer, to issue debt in a new statutory category of unsecured debt which rank below the most senior debt and other senior 
liabilities (so-called “Non-Preferred Senior debt”) and which includes Non-Preferred Senior Obligations such as the Notes 
(see “Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes” – “The Notes rank junior to the Issuer’s other 
unsubordinated creditors”). The Insolvency Hierarchy Directive has been transposed into national law in Denmark. As a 
result of the Revised Deposit Guarantee Scheme and the Insolvency Hierarchy Directive, if the general bail-in tool is 
exercised by the relevant resolution authority, the Notes are more likely to be bailed-in than certain other unsubordinated 
liabilities of the Issuer such as other preferred deposits and senior debt. Furthermore, the insolvency hierarchy could be 
changed in the future.  
MREL requirement 
See (“Description of Arbejdernes Landsbank and the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group – 2. Capital and solvency need – 2.8 
MREL requirement”) for a description of the MREL requirement currently applicable to the Issuer, including the phasing in 
thereof, the requirement that a portion thereof must be met with own funds instruments and liabilities that bear losses before 
senior claims and that the MREL requirement may deviate from what is currently set out and anticipated. If the Issuer does 
not fulfil its MREL requirement, the relevant authority may withdraw the Issuer’s banking licence.  
No right of set-off, netting or counterclaim  
No Noteholder, who shall in the event of the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer be indebted to the Issuer, shall be entitled 
to exercise any right of set-off, netting or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the Notes held by 
such Noteholder. Accordingly, no Noteholder will be entitled to exercise any right of set-off, netting or counterclaim against 
monies owed to the Issuer by such Noteholder in respect of the Notes. Consequently, a Noteholder may suffer a loss if, in a 
situation where the Issuer has not complied with its payment obligations under the Notes, as the Noteholder is unable to set-
off amounts due to it under the Notes against amounts that such Noteholder owes to the Issuer. 
Limitation on gross-up obligation  
The Issuer’s obligation to pay additional amounts in respect of any withholding or deduction in respect of taxes under the 
terms of the Notes applies only to payments of interest due and paid under such Notes and not to payments of principal. As 
such, the Issuer would not be required to pay any additional amounts under the terms of the Notes to the extent any 
withholding or deduction applied to payments of principal. Accordingly, if any such withholding or deduction were to apply 
to any payments of principal, Noteholders may receive less than the full amount due under such Notes and the market value 
of such Notes may be adversely affected. Noteholders should note that principal for these purposes may include any payments 
of premium. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing such 
“benchmarks” 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (such as, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, a Reference 
Rate or, in the case of Reset Notes, a Mid-Swap Rate), are the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance 
and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms

--- Page 21 ---
21 
may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which 
cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such 
a benchmark.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions to the provision of benchmarks, the 
contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires 
benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or 
otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of benchmarks 
of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark, in 
particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the 
EU Benchmarks. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the 
volatility of the published rate or level of the benchmark. 
On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working group tasked with the 
identification and adoption of a ”risk free overnight rate” which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks 
used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 13 September 2018, the working group on euro 
risk-free rates recommended the new euro short-term rate (”€STR”) as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR 
was published for the first time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply with the terms 
of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will 
be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. In Denmark, a working group formed by Finance 
Denmark (a Danish business association for banks, mortgage banks, asset management, securities trading and investment 
funds in Denmark) and the Money Market Committee proposed, in July 2019, its final recommendations on the assessment 
of possible candidates to a DKK risk-free reference rate based on wholesale overnight deposits named DESTR (Denmark 
short-term rate). In November 2020, Danmarks Nationalbank (the central bank of Denmark) assumed responsibility for 
DESTR. Danmarks Nationalbank has started publishing DESTR as of 4 April 2022. The first publication will reflect trading 
activity on 1 April 2022. Thus, DESTR has been available for use in financial contracts with effect from 1 April 2022. The 
impact of DESTR on CIBOR is currently unclear. 
Separately, in 2019, a Norwegian working group on alternative reference rates in NOK was established to analyse the 
consequences of a potential discontinuation of NIBOR and recommending an alternative reference rate. The working group 
recommended a modified NOWA (which from 1 January 2020 has been administered by Norges Bank, the Norwegian Central 
Bank) as the alternative reference rate for NIBOR. The working group continued its work through 2020 by establishing two 
subgroups comprising a group for market standards and fallback provisions and a group for exploring the establishment of 
an Overnight Index Swap (OIS) market in NOK. On 28 September 2020, the working group published a consultation paper 
on fallback provisions and term and spread adjustments between NIBOR and NOWA upon a potential discontinuation of 
NIBOR. The consultation paper was updated by the working group in November 2021. Subsequently, in December 2021, 
the working group published guidelines on the use of NOWA in financial contracts and as a fallback solution. Since 29 April 
2021, the Norwegian Central Bank has been publishing a NOWA compounded index and compounded NOWA averages to 
further support the use of NOWA as a reference rate for financial products. 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent EURIBOR, CIBOR and other benchmarks, including 
NIBOR and STIBOR, will continue to be supported going forward. This may cause EURIBOR, CIBOR and other 
benchmarks, including NIBOR and STIBOR, to perform differently than they have done in the past, and may have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. 
More broadly, any of the national or international reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could 
increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any 
such regulations or requirements.  
Such factors may have the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discourage market participants from continuing to 
administer or contribute to the benchmark; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark or (iii) 
lead to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of 
national or international reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of 
and return on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
Noteholders should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks imposed 
by the EU Benchmarks Regulation or any of the international or national reforms in making any investment decision with 
respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
Future discontinuance of certain benchmark rates (for example, EURIBOR, CIBOR, NIBOR and STIBOR) may 
adversely affect the value of Floating Rate Notes and/or Reset Notes which are linked to or which reference any such 
benchmark rate 
Noteholders should be aware that, if a benchmark rate were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on 
Reset Notes and Floating Rate Notes, which are linked to or which reference such benchmark rate will be determined for the 
relevant period by the fallback provisions applicable to such Notes. The Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements 
in the event that a published benchmark (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor 
service)), such as EURIBOR, CIBOR, becomes unavailable. 
If the circumstances described in the preceding paragraph occur and (i) in the case of Floating Rate Notes, Screen Rate 
Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms, as the manner in which the rate of interest is to be determined or (ii) 
in the case of Reset Notes, Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, as the Reset Reference Rate and, in each 
case, Reference Rate Replacement is also specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable (any such Notes “Relevant 
Notes”), such fallback arrangements will include the possibility that the relevant rate of interest (or, as applicable, component 
thereof) could be set or, as the case may be, determined by reference to a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) determined by an Independent Adviser or, if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent 
Adviser or the Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer fails to make such determination, the Issuer (the Issuer, in any 
such case, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as described more fully in the Conditions of the 
Relevant Notes). 
In addition, if a Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate is determined by the relevant Independent Adviser 
or the Issuer (as applicable), the Conditions also provide that an Adjustment Spread (as defined in the Conditions) may be 
determined by the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) to be applied to such Successor Reference Rate 
or Alternative Reference Rate, as the case may be. An Adjustment Spread could be positive, negative or zero. The application 
of an Adjustment Spread may result in the relevant Notes performing differently (which may include payment of a lower 
interest rate) than they would do if the relevant Original Reference Rate (as applicable) were to continue to apply in its current 
form. If no Adjustment Spread is determined, a Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate may nonetheless be 
used to determine the Rate of Interest. 
In addition, the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) may also determine (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) other amendments to the Conditions in order to follow market practice in relation to the 
relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and to ensure the proper operation and 
comparability to the relevant Original Reference Rate of such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable).  
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting any relevant Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) or any other related adjustments and/or amendments described above. 
In certain circumstances (including, in the case of the Relevant Notes, if the Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer 
fails to make the necessary determination), the ultimate fallback for determining the rate of interest for a particular Interest 
Accrual Period or Reset Period (as applicable) may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Accrual Period 
or Reset Period (as applicable) being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes 
or Reset Notes (as applicable) based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page for the purposes of 
determining the rate of interest in respect of an Interest Accrual Period or a Reset Period (as applicable). In addition, due to 
the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Reference Rates and Alternative Reference Rates and the 
involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. Moreover, any of 
the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant rate could affect the ability of the 
Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the 
value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes. Noteholders should note that, in 
the case of Relevant Notes, the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) will have discretion to adjust the 
relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in the circumstances described above. Any 
such adjustment could have unexpected commercial consequences and, due to the particular circumstances of each 
Noteholder, it is not certain that any such adjustment will be favourable to each Noteholder. 
In addition, prospective Noteholders should also note that: 
(i) 
no Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments 
to the terms of the Relevant Notes will be made if, and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same 
could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the Relevant Notes as, MREL Eligible Liabilities; and/or

--- Page 23 ---
23 
(ii) no Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments 
to the terms of the Relevant Notes will be made, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same 
could reasonably be expected to result in the Relevant Regulator treating the next Interest Payment Date (or any future 
Interest Payment Date) as the effective maturity of the Relevant Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
In all such circumstances, the ultimate fallback for determining the rate of interest (which is described above) will apply. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of any specific Series of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount tend 
to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. 
Generally, the longer the remaining term of securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-
bearing securities with comparable maturities. Any such price volatility may have an adverse effect on the market value of 
any specific Series of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
Modification and waivers 
The Conditions contain provisions for convening meetings (including by way of conference call or by use of a 
videoconference platform) of Noteholders or instigating a Written Procedure to consider and vote upon matters affecting 
their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents. These provisions permit 
defined majorities to bind all Noteholders, including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or 
respond in the Written Procedure or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give their consent electronically, 
and including those Noteholders who voted or responded in a manner contrary to the majority. Any modification of the 
Conditions pursuant to the operation of such provisions is subject to Condition 6(i). 
In addition, the Issuer (i) may make any modification to the Notes or the Conditions to correct a manifest error without the 
consent of such Noteholders, and (ii) subject to Condition 6(i), make any modification to the Notes of any Series and/or the 
Conditions of any Series which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders of such Series without the consent of 
such Noteholders. Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders of such Series. 
Change of law 
Save where the Securities Depository is VPS (in which event Condition 3(b) (relating to transfers of the Notes) and Condition 
19 (relating to the delivery of notices to Noteholders) shall be governed by Norwegian law) the Conditions are based on 
Danish law in effect as at the date of issue of the relevant series of Notes. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any 
possible judicial decision or change to Danish, Norwegian or other applicable laws, regulations or administrative practice 
after the date of issue of the relevant series of Notes. Such changes in law may include, but are not limited to, the introduction 
of a variety of statutory resolution and loss-absorption tools which may affect the rights of holders of securities issued by the 
Issuer, including the relevant series of Notes. Such tools may include the ability to write off sums otherwise payable on such 
securities at a time when the Issuer is no longer considered viable by its regulator or upon the occurrence of another trigger. 
Minimum trading amount of Notes 
In case the specified denomination of the Notes is less than €100,000 (or if the Notes are denominated in a currency other 
than euro, the equivalent amount as of the relevant date of issue in such other currency) the VP set-up entails that the initial 
subscription amount of, and all subsequent trades in, Notes shall be in a minimum amount of €100,000 (or if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount as of the relevant date of issue in such other currency). 
Consequently, a Noteholder who, as a result of trading Notes through VP or in the case of application of the general bail-in 
tool with respect to the Notes holds an amount which is less than €100,000 in its account with the VP will not be able to trade 
or sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes (for a minimum amount of 
€100,000) (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency) such that 
its holding is in an amount of at least €100,000 (or, in each case, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, 
the equivalent amount as of the relevant date of issue in such other currency). 
RISKS RELATED TO THE MARKET WHICH MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER AND/OR THE NOTES 
 
Set out below is a brief description of certain market risks, which may affect the Issuer and/or the Notes, including credit 
rating risk, liquidity risk, exchange rate risk and interest rate risk.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
Credit rating risks related to the Issuer and/or the Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes. The ratings may not 
reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors that 
may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, 
suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In addition, rating agencies may assign unsolicited ratings to the Notes. In such circumstances the unsolicited rating(s) may 
be lower than the comparable solicited ratings assigned to the Notes, which could adversely affect the market value and 
liquidity of the Notes. 
At the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer has been rated A2 (long term unsecured rating) and P-1 (short term unsecured rating) 
by Moody’s. See the cover of this Prospectus and “Description of Arbejdernes Landsbank and the Arbejdernes Landsbank 
Group – 4. Credit Rating” for further information on Moody’s credit rating of the Issuer and the Programme. The Issuer’s 
credit ratings are important to its business. Any relevant rating agency, including Moody’s may downgrade the ratings of the 
Issuer, the Programme or the ratings of the Issuer’s debt instruments (including the Notes) either as a result of the financial 
position of the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group or changes to applicable rating methodologies used by any relevant rating 
agency. A rating agency’s evaluation of the Issuer may also be based on a number of factors not entirely within the control 
of the Issuer, such as conditions affecting the financial services industry generally. Any reduction in the Issuer’s credit ratings 
or the ratings of the Programme or the Issuer’s debt instruments, including any unsolicited credit rating, could adversely 
affect its liquidity and competitive position, undermine confidence in the Issuer and the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group, 
increase its borrowing costs, limit its access to the capital markets, or limit the range of counterparties willing to enter into 
transactions with the Issuer and the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group. Such development could have a material adverse effect 
on the Issuer and the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group’s business, financial situation, results of operations, liquidity and/or 
prospects and could thereby ultimately cause the Issuer to become unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with the Notes. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for regulatory 
purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the 
CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in 
certain circumstances). Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA 
credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the third 
country rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as 
the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). 
The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between 
certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.  
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors 
may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes in the EEA, and the Notes may have a different regulatory 
treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. 
The secondary market of the Notes 
The Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If an active trading market does 
not develop or is not maintained, the market price and liquidity of the Notes may be adversely affected. If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid and any liquidity in such market could be significantly affected by any purchase and 
cancellation of the Notes by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries as provided in Conditions (6(f) and 6(g). Therefore, 
Noteholders may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to 
interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to 
meet the investment requirements of limited categories of Noteholders. Illiquidity may have an adverse effect on the market 
value of the Notes. 
 
 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to 
currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the 
“Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly

--- Page 25 ---
25 
change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the 
risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation 
in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency 
equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the 
Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely 
affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Notes. As a result, investors 
may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the 
value of Fixed Rate Notes. 
The reset of the Rate of Interest fixed with respect to Reset Notes on each Reset Date could affect the market value of an 
investment in such Notes 
Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the fixed rate per cent. per annum specified in the relevant Final Terms (the 
“Initial Rate of Interest”) until the Reset Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, or, if more than one Reset Date is 
specified, the First Reset Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, (in each case, as defined in the Conditions). On the 
Reset Date (or on each Reset Date, if more than one Reset Date is specified), the Rate of Interest will be reset to the 
aggregate of the applicable Reset Reference Rate and the relevant Subsequent Reset Margin (each as defined in the 
Conditions), as determined by the Calculation Agent. Such reset Rate of Interest could be less than the Initial Rate of 
Interest and/or, as applicable, less than the Rate of Interest determined on any previous Reset Determination Date (as 
defined in the Conditions), and could accordingly affect the market value of an investment in the Notes.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this Prospectus shall 
be incorporated in, and form part of, this Prospectus: 
(i) 
the relevant pages as set out in the table below of the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer 
for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 together with the independent auditors’ report thereon (the 
“Arbejdernes Landsbank 2020 Annual Report”) (an English translation is available on the website of the Issuer 
at https://www.al-bank.dk/media/132806/al_annual-report_2020_final.pdf); 
(ii) 
the relevant pages as set out in the table below of the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer 
for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 together with the independent auditors’ report thereon (the 
“Arbejdernes Landsbank 2021 Annual Report”) (an English translation is available on the website of the Issuer 
at https://www.al-bank.dk/media/133602/al_annual_report_2021_uk.pdf ); 
(iii) 
the Group Risk Report 2021 of the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group (the “2021 Group Risk Report”) (an English 
translation is available on the website of the Issuer at https://www.al-
bank.dk/media/133603/al_group_risk_report_2021.pdf)  
(iv) 
the relevant pages as set out in the table below of the audited annual financial statements of Vestjysk Bank A/S 
(“Vestjysk Bank”) for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 together with the independent auditors’ report 
thereon (the “Vestjysk Bank 2021 Annual Report”) (an English translation is available on the website of Vestjysk 
Bank at https://www.vestjyskbank.dk/english/reports ); 
Such documents shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Prospectus, save that any statement contained in a document 
which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Prospectus to the extent that 
a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). 
Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Prospectus. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus shall not 
form part of this Prospectus. 
The Arbejdernes Landsbank 2020 Annual Report, the Arbejdernes Landsbank 2021 Annual Report and the Vestjysk Bank 
2021 Annual Report, together, in each case, with the audit report thereon and the 2021 Group Risk Report have been translated 
into English and represent a direct and accurate translation from the Danish language originals. If there are any inconsistencies 
or discrepancies between the Danish language versions and the English translations thereof, the original Danish language 
versions shall prevail. 
The tables below set out the relevant page references for the Arbejdernes Landsbank 2020 Annual Report, the Arbejdernes 
Landsbank 2021 Annual Report and the Vestjysk Bank 2021 Annual Report, which shall be incorporated in, and form part 
of, this Prospectus. 
Arbejdernes Landsbank 2020 Annual Report 
Page(s)
Financial highlights for the Group 
9
Statement by the Management 
35
Independent auditors’ report 
37-39
Income statement 
41
Statement of comprehensive income 
42
Balance sheet 
43-44
Statement of capital 
45-48
Cash flow statement 
49
Notes 
51-136

--- Page 27 ---
27 
Arbejdernes Landsbank 2021 Annual Report 
 
Page(s)
Financial highlights for the Group 
9
Statement by the Management 
31
Independent auditors’ report 
32-37
Income statement 
39
Statement of comprehensive income 
40
Balance sheet 
41-42
Statement of capital 
43-46
Cash flow statement 
47
Notes 
49-149
 
Vestjysk Bank 2021 Annual Report 
 
Page(s)
Financial highlights  
5-6
Financial highlights by quarter 
7-8
Statement by the Management 
40-41
Independent auditors’ report 
43-46
Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
47
Statements of Financial Position 
48-49
Statements of Changes in Equity 
50-51
Notes 
52-98
 
With respect to the Arbejdernes Landsbank 2020 Annual Report, the Arbejdernes Landsbank 2021 Annual Report and the 
Vestjysk Bank 2021 Annual Report see “Description of Arbejdernes Landsbank and Arbejdernes Landsbank Group – 1. 
Introduction - 1.7 Financial statement” for further information of the presentation of accounts of these financial statements 
of Arbejdernes Landsbank and Vestjysk Bank.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the provisions of Part A 
of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in the Conditions 
will have the meanings given to them in Part A of the relevant Final Terms. Unless the context otherwise requires, 
references in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the 
Programme. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: Aktieselskabet Arbejdernes Landsbank, CVR No. 31467012, Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
549300D6BJ7XOO03RR69 (the “Issuer”) has established a Medium Term Note Programme (the 
“Programme”) for the issuance of non-preferred senior notes (the “Notes”).  
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a “Series”) and each Series 
may compromise one or more tranches (each a “Tranche”) of Notes. Each Tranche of Notes is the subject 
of a final terms document (the “Final Terms”) which completes these Terms and Conditions (the 
“Conditions”). The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are the Conditions 
as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between the Conditions and 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms, shall prevail. Where a particular Condition is applicable 
only to certain classes or to a particular Tranche or Series of Notes, “Notes” shall be construed in 
accordance with the relevant Condition.  
(c) 
Recording of Notes in dematerialised form: Each Series of Notes issued under the Programme will be 
recorded electronically in dematerialised form with either:  
(i) 
VP Securities A/S (“VP”, with such term deemed to include any successor or replacement 
thereto), Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8, DK-1402 Copenhagen K, Denmark, CVR no. 21599336, in 
accordance with an agreement between Aktieselskabet Arbejdernes Landsbank (in such capacity, 
the “VP Issuing Agent”) and VP (effective date 18 July 2017) and the terms and conditions in 
effect from time to time of VP; or 
(ii) 
Verdipapirsentralen ASA (trading as Euronext Securities Oslo) (“VPS”, with such term deemed 
to include any successor or replacement thereto), Fred. Olsens gate 1, NO-0152 Oslo, Norway in 
accordance with an agreement to be entered into between the Issuer and the VPS Issuing Agent 
(as defined below) and the terms and conditions in effect from time to time of VPS, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
In relation to a Series of Notes, references herein to “Securities Depository” shall mean whichever of VP 
or VPS is so specified in the relevant Final Terms, and references herein to “Issuing Agent” shall mean: 
(A) 
if the Securities Depository is VP, the VP Issuing Agent; and 
(B) 
if the Securities Depository is VPS, the VPS Issuing Agent. 
In relation to a Series of Notes, settlement of such Notes will take place on: 
(A) 
if the Securities Depository is VP, the VP settlement platform, or on the TARGET System (as 
defined below) platform, if the required conditions for TARGET System settlement as set out in 
VP’s settlement rules are fulfilled; or 
(B) 
if the Securities Depository is VPS, the VPS settlement platform. Any such Notes settled on the 
VPS settlement platform must comply with the Norwegian Act of 15 March 2019 no. 6 on Central 
Securities Depositories (the “CSD Act”), which implements Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014 
(“CSDR”) into Norwegian law, any regulations passed under the CSD Act and the rules of the 
VPS, as amended from time to time, and the holders of such Notes will be entitled to the rights 
and are subject to the obligations and liabilities which arise under this Act and any related

--- Page 29 ---
29 
regulations and legislation as well as the terms and conditions in effect from time to time of the 
VPS. 
All subsequent references in the Conditions to “Notes” are, unless the context otherwise requires, to the Notes of 
the relevant Series. 
2. 
Definitions 
In the Conditions, in addition to the expressions defined in Condition 1 above, the following expressions have the 
following meanings: 
“Additional Amounts” shall have the meaning given in Condition 8(a). 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or (b) a formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the relevant Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with such Successor Reference Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or  
(ii) 
(if no such formal recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Reference Rate) the 
relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in international debt capital 
markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or  
(iii) 
(if the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that no such spread is 
customarily applied) the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions 
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the relevant Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); 
“Aggregate Nominal Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Alternative Reference Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate that the relevant Independent Adviser 
or the Issuer (as applicable) determines has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) in respect of debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable duration: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes, to the relevant Interest Accrual Periods; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Reset Notes, to the relevant Reset Periods, 
or, in any case, if the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that there is no such rate, 
such other rate as such Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines in its discretion is most 
comparable to the Original Reference Rate. 
“Applicable MREL Regulations” means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies 
then in effect in Denmark giving effect to any MREL Requirement or any successor regulations then applicable to 
the Issuer and/or the Group, including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD/CRR, the BRRD 
and those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies giving effect to any MREL Requirement or any 
successor regulations then in effect (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law 
and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer and/or the Group). 
“Benchmark Event” means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
such Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for at least five Business Days or ceasing to exist or 
be administered; or

--- Page 30 ---
30 
(ii) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the administrator of such Original Reference Rate that 
it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing such Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of such Original Reference Rate) and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified date 
referred to in (ii)(A); or 
(iii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such Original Reference Rate 
that such Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate that such Original Reference Rate will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (iv)(A); 
or 
(v) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate that means such Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use 
will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or before a specified date and (B) 
the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (v)(A); or 
(vi) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date (as applicable) 
become unlawful for the Calculation Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to the Noteholders 
using such Original Reference Rate; or 
(vii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such Original Reference Rate 
announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative or may no longer be used. 
“BRRD” means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on resolution and recovery 
of credit institutions and investment firms dated 15 May 2014 and published in the Official Journal of the European 
Union on 12 June 2014 (or, as the case may be, any provision of Danish law transposing or implementing such 
Directive), as amended or replaced from time to time (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the amendments to 
such Directive resulting from Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 20 May 
2019 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019). 
“Business Centre(s)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Business Day” means:  
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial centre for such currency; 
and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a TARGET Business Day; and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres, a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the Business 
Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres.  
“Calculation Agent” means the Issuing Agent or such other person specified in the relevant Final Terms, as the 
party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“CIBOR” means the Copenhagen interbank offered rate. 
“Code” has the meaning given in Condition 8(c). 
“CRD/CRR” means, as the context requires, any or any combination of the CRD Directive, the CRR and any 
CRD/CRR Implementing Measures. 
“CRD Directive” means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013 and published in the Official Journal

--- Page 31 ---
31 
of the European Union on 27 June 2013 (or, as the case may be, any provision of Danish law transposing or 
implementing such Directive), as amended or replaced from time to time (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the 
amendments to such Directive resulting from Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, 
remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures dated 20 May 2019 and 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019). 
“CRD/CRR Implementing Measures” means any regulatory capital rules or regulations, or other requirements, 
which are applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group and which prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any other 
rules, regulations or other requirements) the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for their inclusion 
in the regulatory capital of the Issuer (on a non-consolidated or consolidated basis) to the extent required by the 
CRD Directive or the CRR, including for the avoidance of doubt any regulatory technical standards guidelines, 
delegated regulations, recommendations and/or opinions released from time to time by the European Banking 
Authority (or any successor or replacement thereof) or the Relevant Regulator, as the case may be. 
“CRR” means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013 and published in the Official Journal 
of the European Union on 27 June 2013, as amended or replaced from time to time (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, the amendments to such Regulation resulting from Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective 
investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements dated 20 May 2019 and published 
in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019). 
“Danish Bankruptcy Act” means the Danish Bankruptcy Act (Consolidated Act No. 775 of 3 May 2021, as 
amended or replaced from time to time). 
“Danish Capital Markets Act” means the Danish Capital Markets Act (Consolidated Act No. 2014 of 1 November 
2021, as amended or replaced from time to time). 
“Danish Companies Act” means the Danish Companies Act (Consolidated Act No. 1952 of 11 October 2021, as 
amended or replaced from time to time). 
“Danish Financial Business Act” means the Danish Financial Business Act (Consolidated Act No. 406 of 29 March 
2022, as amended or replaced from time to time). 
“Danish Limitation Act” means the Danish Limitations Act (Consolidated Act No. 1238 of 9 November 2015, as 
amended or replaced from time to time). 
“Danish Recovery and Resolution Act” means the Danish Act on Recovery and Resolution of certain Financial 
Businesses (Act No. 24 of 4 January 2019, as amended or replaced from time to time). 
“Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers” means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, 
suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, 
regulations, rules or requirements in effect in Denmark, relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD (or, as the case 
may be, any provision of Danish law transposing or implementing such Directive) as amended or replaced from 
time to time and (ii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of the 
Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into Ordinary Shares, other 
Securities or other obligations of the Issuer or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period). 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any period of 
time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not constituting an Interest 
Period or Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual – ISDA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum 
of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 
366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year 
divided by 365);

--- Page 32 ---
32 
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual – ICMA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which it falls, 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any 
year; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) 
the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year 
to but excluding the next Determination Date and 
“Determination Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, or, if none 
is so specified, the Interest Payment Date; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360;  
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number would 
be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 
30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number would 
be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the 
last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date (if any) or (ii) 
such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
“Enforcement Events” has the meaning given in Condition 10. 
“EURIBOR” means the Euro-zone interbank offered rate. 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the single currency 
in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its Outstanding Principal Amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the Conditions or the relevant Final Terms. 
“First Reset Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“First Reset Margin” means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
“First Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) the Second 
Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Maturity Date (if any). 
“First Reset Period Fallback Yield” means the yield specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of the First Reset Period and, if applicable, subject to Condition 
5(b)(iii) and Condition 5(b)(iv), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Reference Rate and the First Reset Margin. 
“Group” means the Issuer together with its Subsidiaries and other entities that are consolidated in the calculation 
of the Issuer’s (i) MREL Requirement on a consolidated level and/or (ii) own funds requirements on a consolidated 
level in accordance with the CRD/CRR requirements. 
“IA Determination Cut-off Date” means; 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes, in any Interest Period, the date that is no later than five Business Days 
prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the immediately following Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Reset Notes, in any Reset Period, the date that is no later than five Business Days prior to the 
Reset Determination Date relating to the immediately following Reset Period. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international and/or Nordic repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international and/or Nordic debt capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense.  
“Initial Mid-Swap Rate” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Initial Rate of Interest” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Accrual Period” means (as applicable):  
(i) 
the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) 
the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date; and  
(ii) 
any other period (if any) in respect of which interest is to be calculated, being the period from (and 
including) the first day of such period to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant payment of interest 
falls due. 
“Interest Amount” means in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable on each Note or 
a given multiple of Notes for that Interest Accrual Period payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest 
Period of which such Interest Accrual Period forms part. 
“Interest Basis” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, the date 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, or, if none is so specified:  
(i) 
the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the 
Specified Currency is euro; or 
(ii) 
the day falling two Business Days in Copenhagen prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if 
the Specified Currency is Danish Kroner; or 
(iii) 
the day falling two Business Days in Oslo prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the 
Specified Currency is Norwegian Kroner; or

--- Page 35 ---
35 
(iv) 
the day falling two Business Days in Stockholm prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the 
Specified Currency is Swedish Kronor. 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the 
provisions of, the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and ending on 
(but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
“ISDA Definitions” means (i) if “2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA”), and as amended 
and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series); or (ii) if “2021 ISDA 
Definitions” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Definitions as published 
by ISDA (as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series), unless otherwise specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Issue Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Issuer Determination Cut-off Date” means: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes, the date that is no later than three Business Days prior to the Interest 
Determination Date relating to the immediately following Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Reset Notes, in any Reset Period, the date that is no later than three Business Days prior to 
the Reset Determination Date relating to the immediately following Reset Period;  
“Margin” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Maximum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate” means, subject as provided in Condition 5(c)(v), if applicable, for any Reset Period the 
mean of the bid and offered rates for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the Original Reset 
Reference Rate Payment Basis (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified 
Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the 
Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the 
relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the 
relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on 
the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Maturity (calculated on the day count 
basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation” means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the relevant 
Mid-Market Swap Rate. 
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” means, subject as provided in Condition 5(c)(v), if applicable, 
EURIBOR (if the Specified Currency is euro), CIBOR (if the Specified Currency is Danish Kroner), NIBOR (if the 
Specified Currency is Norwegian Kroner), STIBOR (if the Specified Currency is Swedish Kronor) or (in the case 
of any other Specified Currency) the benchmark rate most closely connected with such Specified Currency and 
selected by the Calculation Agent in its discretion after consultation with the Issuer. 
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Maturity” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Minimum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“MREL Disqualification Event” means the determination by the Issuer that, as a result of:

--- Page 36 ---
36 
(i) 
the implementation of any Applicable MREL Regulations on or after the date of issue of the last Tranche 
of such Series of Notes; or 
(ii) 
a change in any Applicable MREL Regulations becoming effective on or after the date of issue of the last 
Tranche of such Series of Notes, 
all or part of the Outstanding Principal Amounts of such Series of Notes will be excluded from the “eligible 
liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or 
defined by then Applicable MREL Regulations) if the Issuer and/or the Group is/are then or, as the case may be, 
will be subject to such MREL Requirement, provided that a MREL Disqualification Event shall not occur where 
such exclusion: 
(a) 
is or will be caused by: 
(1) 
the remaining maturity of such Notes being less than any period prescribed by any applicable 
eligibility criteria under the Applicable MREL Regulations; or  
(2) 
any applicable limits on the amount of “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) 
permitted or allowed to meet any MREL Requirement(s) being exceeded; and/or 
(b) 
was reasonably foreseeable at the date of issue of the last Tranche of such Notes. 
“MREL Eligible Liabilities” means “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) which are available 
to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then Applicable MREL Regulations) of the Issuer 
and/or the Group under Applicable MREL Regulations. 
“MREL Requirement” means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities, in each case which 
is or, as the case may be, will be, applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group. 
“NIBOR” means the Norwegian interbank offered rate. 
“Non-Preferred Senior Obligations” means any unsubordinated and unsecured liabilities of the Issuer which rank 
in accordance with Section 13(3) of the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act. 
“Noteholder” means, in relation to a Note, a person who is registered with the Securities Depository as directly 
registered owner or nominee holder of a Note. 
“Noteholder Extraordinary Consent” has the meaning given in Condition 12(c). 
“Noteholders’ Meeting” means a Noteholders’ meeting held pursuant to Condition 13. 
“Optional Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Optional Redemption Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Ordinary Shares” means fully paid-up ordinary shares in the capital of the Issuer. 
“Original Reference Rate” means: 
(i) 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified for the purpose of determining the relevant 
Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) of the relevant Notes; or 
(ii) 
any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate which has been determined in relation to such 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the operation of Condition 5(c)(v), 
as applicable. 
“Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. The Original 
Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis shall be annual, semi-annual, quarterly or monthly.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
“outstanding” means, in relation to Notes of any Series, all the relevant Notes issued other than:  
(i) 
those that have been redeemed in accordance with the Conditions;  
(ii) 
those which have become void or in respect of which claims have become prescribed;  
(iii) 
those which have been purchased and cancelled as provided in the Conditions;  
provided that, for the purposes of:  
(a) 
ascertaining the right to attend and vote at any meeting of Noteholders; and  
(b) 
the determination of how many Notes are outstanding for the purposes of Conditions 12 and 14, as 
applicable,  
those Notes that are held by, or are held on behalf of, the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries and not cancelled shall 
(unless and until ceasing to be so held) be deemed not to be outstanding. 
“Outstanding Principal Amount” means, in respect of a Note: 
(i) 
unless sub-paragraph (ii) below applies, the outstanding principal amount of such Note; or 
(ii) 
the outstanding principal amount of such Note as adjusted from time to time for any reduction of the 
principal amount of such Note required by then current legislation and/or regulations applicable to the 
Issuer, 
and “Outstanding Principal Amounts” means the sum of the Outstanding Principal Amount of each Note. 
“Paying Agent” has the meaning given in Condition 11(a). 
“Permission Withdrawal Early Redemption Restriction” has the meaning given to such term in Condition 6(i). 
“person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, organisation, 
state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality. 
“Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended or replaced from time to time. 
“Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes” means, in respect of a Series of Notes, at any time, any securities issued 
by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
contain terms which comply with the then current requirements for “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent 
or successor term) provided for in the Applicable MREL Regulations in relation to the relevant MREL 
Requirement(s) (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may result in the relevant securities not including, or 
restricting for a period of time the application of, one or more of the early redemption rights which are 
included in such Notes); and 
(ii) 
carry the same rate of interest from time to time applying to such Notes prior to the relevant substitution or 
variation pursuant to Condition 6(h); and 
(iii) 
have the same currency of payment, denomination, original principal amount and Outstanding Principal 
Amounts as such Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 6(h); and 
(iv) 
have the same Maturity Date and the same Interest Payment Dates as such Notes prior to the relevant 
substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 6(h); and 
(v) 
have at least the same ranking as such Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to 
Condition 6(h); and  
(vi) 
shall not, immediately following the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 6(h), be subject 
to a MREL Disqualification Event and/or a Tax Event; and

--- Page 38 ---
38 
(vii) 
have terms not prejudicial to the interests of the holders of such Notes compared to the terms of such Notes 
provided that the Issuer shall have delivered a certificate to that effect signed by two members of its 
Executive Management to the Issuing Agent (and copies thereof will be available at the Issuing Agent’s 
specified office during its normal business hours) not less than 5 Business Days prior to (x) in the case of 
a substitution of such Notes pursuant to Condition 6(h), the issue date of the relevant securities or (y) in 
the case of a variation of such Notes pursuant to Condition 6(h), the date such variation becomes effective; 
and 
(viii) 
if (A) such Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market immediately prior to the relevant 
substitution or variation, are listed or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market or (B) such Notes were 
listed or admitted to trading on a recognised stock exchange other than a Regulated Market immediately 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation, are listed or admitted to trading on any recognised stock 
exchange (including, without limitation, a Regulated Market), in either case as selected by the Issuer; and 
(ix) 
if one or more solicited credit ratings were assigned to such Notes immediately prior to the relevant 
substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 6(h), are assigned (or maintain) at least the same solicited 
credit rating(s) as were assigned to such Notes immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation 
pursuant to Condition 6(h). 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note and that is either 
specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the relevant Final Terms and subject, at all times, if any 
such rate is below zero, that such rate will be deemed to be zero, unless otherwise stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four 
major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market and, in the case of a determination of CIBOR, the principal Danish 
office of four major banks in the Copenhagen inter-bank market and, in the case of a determination of NIBOR, the 
principal Oslo office of four major banks in the Oslo inter-bank market and, in the case of a determination of 
STIBOR, the principal Stockholm office of four major banks in the Stockholm inter-bank market, in each case 
selected by the Calculation Agent or as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Bond” means, in relation to any Reset Period, a government security or securities issued by the state 
responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is euro, shall be Germany), as 
selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute, that would be utilised, at the time 
of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities 
denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable maturity to such Reset Period. 
“Reference Bond Quotation” means, in relation to a Reset Reference Bank and a Reset Determination Date, the 
arithmetic mean, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the bid and offered yields for the relevant Reference 
Bond provided to the Calculation Agent by such Reset Reference Bank at approximately the Relevant Time on such 
Reset Determination Date. 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, subject as provided in Condition 
5(c)(v). The Reference Rate shall be any one of EURIBOR, NIBOR, STIBOR or CIBOR, subject as provided in 
Condition 5(c)(v). 
“Regulated Market” means a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended or replaced 
from time to time). 
“Relevant Date” means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (i) the date on which the payment in 
question first becomes due and (ii) if the full amount payable has not been received by the Issuing Agent on or prior 
to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate relates, or any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate; or

--- Page 39 ---
39 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (a) 
the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate relates, (b) any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate, or (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities. 
“Relevant Regulator” means, in relation to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be, the Danish Financial 
Supervisory Authority and any successor or replacement thereto, and/or such other authority having primary 
responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer or the Group and/or the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, in any case as determined by the Issuer. 
“Relevant Reset Margin” means, in respect of a Reset Period, whichever of the First Reset Margin or the 
Subsequent Reset Margin is applicable for the purpose of determining the Rate of Interest in respect of such Reset 
Period. 
“Relevant Resolution Authority” means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any Danish Statutory 
Loss Absorption Powers (or any other power under the BRRD) in relation to the Issuer and/or the Group. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, or such other page, section, caption, column or other part as may 
replace it on that information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the 
person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of (as applicable) (i) displaying rates 
or prices comparable to the relevant Reference Rate or (ii) displaying rates or yields (as the case may be) for the 
relevant Reset Reference Rate. 
“Relevant Time” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reset Date” means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date (as applicable). 
“Reset Determination Date” means, in respect of a Reset Period, the date specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Reset Period” means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be. 
“Reset Period Maturity Initial Mid-Swap Rate” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reset Reference Bank Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Period and the Reset Determination Date in relation to 
such Reset Period, the rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 
per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) determined on the basis of the Reference Bond Quotations 
provided by the Reset Reference Banks to the Calculation Agent at the Relevant Time on such Reset Determination 
Date. If at least three such Reference Bond Quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the Reference Bond Quotations provided, eliminating the highest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one 
of the lowest). If only two Reference Bond Quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the Reference Bond Quotations provided. If fewer than two Reference 
Bond Quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate for the relevant Reset Interest Period will be (a) in 
the case of each Reset Period other than the First Reset Period, the Reset Reference Bank Rate in respect of the 
immediately preceding Reset Period or (b) in the case of the First Reset Period, the First Reset Period Fallback 
Yield. 
“Reset Reference Banks” means:  
(i) 
if Mid-Swap Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, the principal office 
in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of five major banks in the swap, money, securities 
or other market most closely connected with the relevant Reset Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
if Reference Bond is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, the principal office 
in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of five major banks which are primary 
government securities dealers or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues denominated in the 
Specified Currency;

--- Page 40 ---
40 
in each case, as selected by the Issuer in its discretion after consultation with the Calculation Agent. 
“Reset Reference Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 5(b)(iii) and 
Condition 5(c)(v), if applicable: 
(i) 
if Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is further specified in the relevant Final Terms, the rate for swaps in the 
Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(b) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is further specified in the relevant Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. 
(0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations for swaps 
in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately the Relevant Time on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent; or 
(ii) 
if Reference Bond is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
if a Relevant Screen Page is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the arithmetic mean (expressed 
as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 
per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered yields of the relevant Reference Bond, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the Relevant Screen Page at the Relevant 
Time on such Reset Determination Date; or 
(b) 
if (i) a Relevant Screen Page is so specified and such rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen 
Page at such Relevant Time on such Reset Determination Date or (ii) a Relevant Screen Page is 
not so specified, the Reset Reference Bank Rate on such Reset Determination Date. 
“Second Reset Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Securities” means any securities including, without limitation, shares in the capital of the Issuer.  
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, or, if none is specified, the 
currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
“Specified Denomination(s)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“STIBOR” means the Stockholm interbank offered rate. 
“Subsequent Reset Date” means the date or dates specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Subsequent Reset Margin” means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but excluding) the 
next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) a Subsequent Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date or the Maturity Date (if any), as the case may be.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and, if applicable, subject 
to Condition 5(b)(iii) and Condition 5(b)(iv), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Reference Rate and the relevant Subsequent Reset 
Margin. 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any entity, any company which is for the time being a subsidiary within the 
meaning of Sections 5-7 of the Danish Companies Act. 
“Successor Reference Rate” means the rate that the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines is a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body. 
“TARGET Business Day” means a day on which the TARGET System is operating. 
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (known 
as TARGET2) System which was launched on 19 November 2007 or any successor thereto.  
“Tax Event” means, in respect of a Series of Notes: 
(i) 
as a result of any change in the laws, regulations or rulings of Denmark or of any political subdivision 
thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax or in the interpretation or 
administration of any such laws, regulations or rulings which becomes effective on or after the date of issue 
of the last Tranche of such Notes, the Issuer receives an opinion of external counsel in Denmark that (A) it 
would be required to pay Additional Amounts as provided in Condition 8; or (B) to the extent a payment 
of interest under the Notes was tax deductible for the purposes of Danish tax prior to the relevant change, 
it will no longer be able to obtain a tax deduction for the purposes of Danish tax for any payment of interest 
under such Notes, in each case in respect of such Notes provided that such change in tax treatment of such 
Notes is material and was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of their issuance; and 
(ii) 
(in the case of (i)(A) only) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it. 
“VPS Issuing Agent” means the VPS issuing agent appointed by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 11 and as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
3. 
Form, Issue Date, denomination, currency, nominal amount, trades, transferability and title 
(a) 
Form, Issue Date, currency, denomination, nominal amount and trades: 
(i) 
The Notes are issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form through the Securities 
Depository.  
(ii) 
The Issue Date for each Tranche of Notes is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(iii) 
The Notes are denominated in the Specified Currency. The Aggregate Nominal Amount for each 
Tranche of Notes is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Notes shall be registered in the 
Securities Depository in multiples corresponding to the Specified Denomination. The minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed or required from time to time 
by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Specified Currency. It may be specified in Specified Denominations in the relevant Final 
Terms that all trades in Notes as well as the initial subscription for Notes shall be in a certain 
minimum amount. In respect of Notes either (i) all trades in Notes as well as the initial subscription 
for Notes shall be in a minimum amount of €100,000 or (ii) the minimum specified denomination 
of each Note will be €100,000 (or, in each case, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other 
than euro, the equivalent amount as of the relevant date of issue in such other currency). 
(iv) 
The Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Reset Notes, Floating Rate Notes, or a combination of any of the 
foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Transferability and title:

--- Page 42 ---
42 
(i) 
The Notes are freely transferable but the Noteholders may be subject to purchase or transfer 
restrictions with regard to the Notes specified under “Specified Denomination(s)” in the relevant 
Final Terms, or under laws to which a Noteholder may be subject. Each Noteholder must ensure 
compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense. 
(ii) 
Legal title to the Notes will pass by electronic registration in the book entry system and register 
maintained by the Securities Depository in accordance with the rules and procedures of the 
Securities Depository from time to time. A Noteholder shall (except as otherwise required by law) 
be treated as the absolute owner of the relevant Notes for all purposes and no person shall be liable 
for so treating such Noteholder. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Securities Depository is VPS, 
where a nominee is evidenced as the owner of a Note by a book entry in the records of the 
Securities Depository, it shall be treated by the Issuer as the holder of the relevant Note.  
(iii) 
If the Securities Depository is VP, the Issuer shall, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, to 
the extent permitted under applicable regulations and the rules and procedures of VP from time to 
time, have access on demand to static data and ownership of the Noteholders registered in the 
securities register. 
(iv) 
The Issuer may use the information referred to in Condition 3(b)(iii) only for the purposes of 
carrying out its duties and exercising its rights in accordance with the Conditions and shall not 
disclose such information to any Noteholder. 
(c) 
Noteholders’ rights 
(i) 
If a beneficial owner of a Note not being registered as a Noteholder wishes to exercise any rights 
under the Notes (including, but not limited to participating in Noteholders’ Meeting or a Written 
Procedure), it must obtain proof of ownership of the Notes, in a form acceptable to the chairman 
of the Noteholders’ Meeting (in case of a Noteholders’ Meeting) or the Issuer (in case of a Written 
Procedure). 
(ii) 
A Noteholder (whether registered as such or proven to the satisfaction of the chairman of the 
Noteholders’ Meeting or the Issuer, as applicable, to be the beneficial owner of the Note as set out 
in Condition 3(c)(i)) may issue one or more powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in 
relation to some or all of the Notes held or beneficially owned by such Noteholder. The chairman 
of the Noteholders’ Meeting or the Issuer, as applicable, shall only have to examine the face of a 
power of attorney or similar evidence of authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to this 
Condition 3(c) and may assume that it is in full force and effect, unless otherwise apparent from 
its face or the chairman of the Noteholders’ Meeting or the Issuer, as applicable, has actual 
knowledge to the contrary. 
4. 
Status of the Notes 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: The Notes on issue constitute Non-Preferred Senior Obligations of the Issuer. 
The Notes constitute direct and unsecured debt obligations of the Issuer, and shall at all times rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
pari passu with any other obligations or instruments of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to 
rank pari passu with the Notes (including any other Non-Preferred Senior Obligations of the 
Issuer), in each case as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer; 
(iii) 
senior to holders of the Ordinary Shares and any other obligations or capital instruments of the 
Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank junior to the Notes, or any obligations pursuant to Section 
98 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act, in each case as regards the right to receive periodic payments 
on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer; and

--- Page 43 ---
43 
(iv) 
junior to present or future claims of (a) depositors of the Issuer, (b) unsubordinated creditors of 
the Issuer pursuant to Section 97 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act and (c) any other unsubordinated 
creditors of the Issuer that are not creditors in respect of Non-Preferred Senior Obligations of the 
Issuer, in each case as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy 
of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
Issuer. 
(b) 
No right of set-off, netting or counterclaim: No Noteholder, who shall in the event of the liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer be indebted to the Issuer, shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off, netting 
or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the Notes held by such Noteholder. 
The Issuer reserves the right in the future to issue other notes or instruments, with identical or other ranking than the 
Notes. 
5. 
Interest and other calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes:  
(i) 
Application: The provisions in this Condition 5(a) on Fixed Rate Notes shall only apply if the 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms, as being applicable to one 
or more Interest Period(s). 
(ii) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its Outstanding Principal 
Amount from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 
5(f). 
(b) 
Interest on Reset Notes:  
(i) 
Application: The provisions in this Condition 5(b) on Reset Notes shall only apply if the Reset 
Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms, as being applicable to one or more 
Interest Period(s). 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates and Rate of Interest: Each Reset Note bears interest on its Outstanding 
Principal Amount: 
(a) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the First Reset 
Date, at the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(b) 
for the First Reset Period, at the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(c) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest, 
such interest being payable, in each case, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
The First Reset Rate of Interest and each Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the relevant Rate of 
Interest is to be determined. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance 
with Condition 5(f). 
(iii) 
Fallbacks: This Condition 5(b)(iii) is only applicable if the Reset Reference Rate is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, as Mid-Swap Rate. If on any Reset Determination Date, the Relevant 
Screen Page is not available or the Reset Reference Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen 
Page as of the Relevant Time on such Reset Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable 
to the Reset Notes in respect of each Interest Period falling in the relevant Reset Period will, 
subject as provided in Condition 5(c)(v), as applicable, be determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the following basis:

--- Page 44 ---
44 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reset Reference Banks to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately the 
Relevant Time on the Reset Determination Date in question; 
(b) 
if at least three of the Reset Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-
Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period will be equal to the sum of 
(A) the arithmetic mean of the relevant quotations provided, eliminating the highest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest (or, in the event 
of equality, one of the lowest) and (B) the Relevant Reset Margin, all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; 
(c) 
if only two relevant quotations are provided, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period will be 
equal to the sum of (A) the arithmetic mean of the relevant quotations provided and (B) 
the Relevant Reset Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(d) 
if only one relevant quotation is provided, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period will be 
equal to the sum of (A) the relevant quotation provided and (B) the Relevant Reset 
Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(e) 
if none of the Reset Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market 
Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Condition 5(b), the 
First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) will 
be equal to the sum of (A) the Reset Reference Rate determined on the last preceding 
Reset Determination Date and (B) the Relevant Reset Margin or, in the case of the first 
Reset Determination Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest will be equal to the sum of: 
(A) 
if Initial Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
as being applicable, (A) the Initial Mid-Swap Rate and (B) the Relevant Reset 
Margin; 
(B) 
if Reset Period Maturity Initial Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, as being applicable, (A) the Reset Period Maturity 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate and (B) the Relevant Reset Margin; or 
(C) 
if Last Observable Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, as being applicable, (A) the last observable rate for swaps in the 
Specified Currency with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period which appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page and (B) the Relevant Reset Margin, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(iv) 
Reset Reference Rate Conversion: This Condition 5(b)(iv) is only applicable if Reset Reference 
Rate Conversion is specified in the relevant Final Terms, as being applicable. The First Reset Rate 
of Interest and, if applicable, each Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest will be converted from the 
Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis specified in the relevant Final Terms, to a basis 
which matches the per annum frequency of Interest Payment Dates in respect of the relevant Notes 
(such calculation to be determined by the Issuer in conjunction with a leading financial institution 
selected by it). 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes: 
(i) 
Application: The provisions in this Condition 5(c) on Floating Rate Notes shall only apply if the 
Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms, as being applicable to one 
or more Interest Period(s).

--- Page 45 ---
45 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates and Rate of Interest: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its 
Outstanding Principal Amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance 
with Condition 5(f). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the 
number of months or other period specified in the relevant Final Terms, as the Interest Period after 
the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the 
Interest Commencement Date. 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in the Conditions that is specified to be subject 
to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that 
is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date 
shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been 
subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iv) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for 
each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, and the provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination or Screen Rate 
Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms, as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the 
relevant ISDA Rate. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an 
Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined 
by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(x) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(y) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(z) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap Transaction” 
have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes  
(x) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms, as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or

--- Page 46 ---
46 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 
a.m. (Brussels time) in the case of EURIBOR, 11.00 a.m. (Copenhagen time) in 
the case of CIBOR, 12.00 noon (Oslo time) in the case of NIBOR or 11.00 a.m. 
(Stockholm time) in the case of STIBOR on the Interest Determination Date in 
question as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is 
more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations; 
(y) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph (x)(1) applies 
and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page, or, if sub-
paragraph (x)(2) applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on 
the Relevant Screen Page, in each case as at the time specified above, subject as 
provided below, the Calculation Agent shall request, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks or, if 
the Reference Rate is CIBOR, the principal Danish office of each of the 
Reference Banks or, if the Reference Rate is NIBOR, the principal Oslo office 
of each of the Reference Banks or, if the Reference Rate is STIBOR, the 
principal Stockholm office of each of the Reference Banks, to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the Reference Rate, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or, if the Reference Rate is CIBOR, 
at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Copenhagen time) or, if the Reference Rate is 
NIBOR, at approximately 12.00 noon (Oslo time) or, if the Reference Rate is 
STIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Stockholm time), on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide 
the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations 
as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(z) 
if paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer 
than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which 
such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or, if the Reference Rate is CIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Copenhagen time) or, if the Reference Rate is NIBOR, at 
approximately 12.00 noon (Oslo time) or, if the Reference Rate is STIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Stockholm time), on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to 
that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if 
the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market or, if the 
Reference Rate is CIBOR, the Copenhagen inter-bank market or, if the 
Reference Rate is NIBOR, the Oslo inter-bank market or, if the Reference Rate 
is STIBOR, the Stockholm inter-bank market, as the case may be, or, if fewer 
than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such 
offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the 
arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at 
which, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) or, if the Reference Rate is CIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
(Copenhagen time) or, if the Reference Rate is NIBOR, at approximately 12.00 
noon (Oslo time) or, if the Reference Rate is STIBOR, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (Stockholm time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or 
more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable 
for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks 
in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market or, if 
the Reference Rate is CIBOR, the Copenhagen inter-bank market or, if the 
Reference Rate is NIBOR, the Oslo inter-bank market or, if the Reference Rate 
is STIBOR, the Stockholm inter-bank market, as the case may be, provided that, 
if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the 
last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate 
of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin 
or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period). 
(v) 
Reference Rate Replacement: This Condition 5(c)(v) is applicable to the Notes only if (i) the Reset 
Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms, as being applicable and Mid-Swap Rate 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms, as the Reset Reference Rate, or (ii) the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms and Screen Rate Determination is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, 
in each case, to one or more Interest Periods and if Reference Rate Replacement is also specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
If notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 5(b) or Condition 5(c), as applicable, the 
Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer) determines that a Benchmark Event has 
occurred when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by 
reference to the Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser to 
determine: 
(A) 
a Successor Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
if such Independent Adviser fails so to determine a Successor Reference Rate, 
an Alternative Reference Rate, 
and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread (in any such case, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) no later than the relevant IA Determination Cut-off 
Date, for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) applicable to the Notes for the relevant Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period 
(as applicable) and for all other future Interest Accrual Periods or Reset Periods (as 
applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5(c)(v) during any 
other future Interest Accrual Period(s) or Reset Period(s) (as applicable)); 
(b) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser 
appointed by the Issuer fails to determine a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) prior to the relevant IA Determination Cut-off Date, the 
Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine: 
(A) 
a Successor Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
if the Issuer fails so to determine a Successor Reference Rate, an Alternative 
Reference Rate,

--- Page 48 ---
48 
and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread no later than the relevant Issuer Determination 
Cut-off Date, for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) applicable to the Notes for such next Interest Accrual Period or 
Reset Period (as applicable) and for all other future Interest Accrual Periods or Reset 
Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5(c)(v) 
during any other future Interest Accrual Period(s) or Reset Period(s) (as applicable)). 
Without prejudice to the definitions thereof, for the purposes of determining any 
Successor Reference Rate, any Alternative Reference Rate and/or any Adjustment 
Spread, the Issuer will take into account any relevant and applicable market precedents 
as well as any published guidance from relevant associations involved in the 
establishment of market standards and/or protocols in the international debt capital 
markets; 
(c) 
if a Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) is determined by the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(v): 
(A) 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
shall be the Original Reference Rate for all future Interest Accrual Periods or 
Reset Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of, and 
adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5(c)(v)); 
(B) 
if the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable): 
(x) 
determines an Adjustment Spread in relation to such Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), then 
such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to such Successor Reference 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) (subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 
5(c)(v)); or 
(y) 
is unable to determine an Adjustment Spread in relation to such 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable), then such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment 
Spread (subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as 
provided in, this Condition 5(c)(v)); and 
(C) 
the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may in its discretion specify: 
(x) 
changes to these Conditions in order to follow market practice in 
relation to such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable), including, but not limited to (1) Business 
Centre(s), Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day Count 
Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Reset Determination Date, 
Relevant Time, Reference Banks, Reset Reference Banks and/or 
Relevant Screen Page applicable to the Notes and (2) the method for 
determining the fallback to the Rate of Interest (or relevant component 
part thereof) in relation to the Notes if such Successor Reference Rate 
or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is not available; and 
(y) 
any other changes which the relevant Independent Adviser or the 
Issuer (as applicable) determines are reasonably necessary to ensure 
the proper operation and comparability to the relevant Original 
Reference Rate of such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable),

--- Page 49 ---
49 
which changes shall apply to the Notes for all future Interest Accrual Periods or 
Reset Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 5(c)(v)); and 
(d) 
promptly following the determination of (i) any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) and (ii) if applicable, any Adjustment Spread, the Issuer 
shall give notice thereof and of any changes (and the effective date thereof) pursuant to 
Condition 5(c)(v)(c)(C) to: (A) the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19, (B) the 
Issuing Agent and (C) the Calculation Agent. 
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting the relevant 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) as described in this 
Condition 5(c)(v) or such other relevant changes pursuant to Condition 5(c)(v)(c)(C), including 
for the execution of any documents or the taking of other steps by the Issuer or any of the other 
parties to the relevant agency agreement. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate is not 
determined pursuant to the operation of this Condition 5(c)(v) prior to the relevant Issuer 
Determination Cut-off Date, then the Rate of Interest (or component part thereof) for the next 
Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period (as applicable) shall be determined by reference to the 
fallback provisions of Condition 5(c)(iv)(B) (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) or Condition 
5(b)(iii) (in the case of Reset Notes). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(c)(v): 
(a) 
no Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will be 
adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to 
this Condition 5(c)(v), if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the 
same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the Notes as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities; and/or 
(b) 
no Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will be 
adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to 
this Condition 5(c)(v), if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the 
same could reasonably be expected to result in the Relevant Regulator treating the next 
Interest Payment Date (or any future Interest Payment Date) as the effective maturity of 
the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(v) shall act in good faith and 
(in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Calculation Agent 
or the Noteholders for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any determination made 
by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(v). 
(d) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless 
payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (both before 
and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date. 
(e) 
Margin: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms, (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to 
one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the 
case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), 
calculated in accordance with Condition 5(c) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting 
the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to the Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all 
figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all

--- Page 50 ---
50 
currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency 
(with halves being rounded up). For these purposes “unit” means the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency. 
(f) 
Calculations: The Interest Amount payable in respect of any Note or a given multiple of Notes for any 
Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the relevant Rate of Interest, the Outstanding 
Principal Amount of such Note(s) and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period. Where any 
Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect 
of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest 
Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions 
above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required to 
be calculated. 
(g) 
Determination and publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, 
Early Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption Amounts: The Calculation Agent shall, as soon 
as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain 
any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest 
Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period or, as applicable, for each Interest Accrual Period falling 
in the relevant Reset Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount (if any), Early Redemption Amount 
or Optional Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the 
case may be, and cause the relevant Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual 
Period or, as applicable, for each Interest Accrual Period falling in the relevant Reset Period and the relevant 
Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount (if any), Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount to be notified to the Issuing Agent (where the 
Calculation Agent is not the Issuing Agent), the Issuer, the Paying Agent (where the Paying Agent is not 
the Calculation Agent), the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that 
is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock 
exchange and the rules of such exchange or other relevant authority so require, such exchange or other 
relevant authority as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification 
to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business 
Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to 
adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(iii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published 
may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. The determination of any 
rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the 
Calculation Agent(s) or, in the circumstances described in Condition 5(c)(v) the Independent Adviser or 
the Issuer (as applicable), shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(h) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents 
if provision is made for them in the relevant Conditions and/or Final Terms, and for so long as any Note is 
outstanding. Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in the 
Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective 
duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the 
Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the relevant Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to 
calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount (if any), Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint 
a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, 
swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or 
determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or any other 
office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign 
its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
6. 
Redemption, purchase and options 
(a) 
Final redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be redeemed 
at their Final Redemption Amount, together with accrued and unpaid interest (if any) thereon on the 
Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 7.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
(b) 
Early Redemption Amount: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note, upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(c), Condition 6(d) or Condition 6(e) shall be the Final 
Redemption Amount unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Event: Subject to the provisions of Condition 6(i), upon the 
occurrence of a Tax Event in relation to the Notes, the Issuer may, at its option, having given no less than 
30 nor more than 60 days’ notice in accordance with Condition 19 (which notice shall be irrevocable, 
subject to the Permission Withdrawal Early Redemption Restriction), redeem all (but not some only) of the 
Notes at their Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued and unpaid interest (if any) thereon at any 
time or, if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes, on an Interest Payment Date provided, however, that in the 
case of a Tax Event relating to a requirement to pay Additional Amounts, no such notice of redemption 
may be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay the 
relevant Additional Amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
(d) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event: Subject to the provisions of 
Condition 6(i), and if the relevant Final Terms, specifies that this Condition 6(d) applies, upon the 
occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event in relation to the Notes, the Issuer may, at its option, having 
given no less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice in accordance with Condition 19 (which notice shall 
be irrevocable, subject to the Permission Withdrawal Early Redemption Restriction), redeem all (but not 
some only) of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued and unpaid interest (if 
any) thereon at any time or, if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes, on an Interest Payment Date. 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Issuer may (subject to Condition 6(i)), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice 
in accordance with Condition 19 (which notice shall be irrevocable, subject to the Permission Withdrawal 
Early Redemption Restriction) (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), 
redeem the Notes in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional 
Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, (which may be their Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 
6(b) above)) together with interest accrued and unpaid (if any) to the date fixed for redemption. 
All Notes shall be redeemed on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less 
than the minimum so specified.  
(f) 
Purchases: The Issuer and any Subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time (but subject to Condition 6(i)) 
purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise at any price. The Notes so purchased, while held by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or any such Subsidiary, shall not entitle the relevant Noteholder(s) to vote at any 
meetings of Noteholders and shall not be deemed to be outstanding for the purposes of determining a 
quorum at any meeting of Noteholders or for the purposes of Condition 12. 
(g) 
Cancellation: All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer may (but subject to Condition 6(i)) be 
cancelled by the Issuer when the Issuer holds the title to them. The Notes are cancelled in the records of 
the Securities Depository so that the cancelled Notes cannot be reissued or resold, and subsequently the 
Issuer has no obligations pertaining to the cancelled Notes. The outstanding amount of Notes will be 
updated in the records of the Securities Depository. 
(h) 
Substitution and variation: 
(i) 
Subject to having given no less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 and to the Issuing Agent, if a 
MREL Disqualification Event and/or a Tax Event in relation to the Notes has/have occurred and 
is/are continuing, the Issuer may (subject to Condition 6(i)) and if the relevant Final Terms, 
specifies that this Condition 6(h) applies, at its option, substitute all (but not some only) of the 
Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Notes, without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of the Noteholders, so that they become or remain Qualifying Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
(ii) 
Any such notice shall specify the relevant details of the manner in which such substitution or 
variation shall take effect and where the Noteholders can inspect or obtain copies of the new terms 
and conditions of the Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes. Such substitution or variation will 
be effected without any cost or charge to the Noteholders. 
(i) 
Conditions to redemption etc. prior to the Maturity Date: 
(i) 
The Notes may only be redeemed, purchased, cancelled, modified, substituted or varied (as 
applicable) pursuant to Condition 6(c), Condition 6(d), Condition 6(e), Condition 6(f), Condition 
6(g), Condition 6(h), Condition 12, Condition 14 or paragraph (iii) of Condition 17 if: 
(A) 
in the case of any such substitution, variation or modification, the Issuer has notified the 
Relevant Regulator of, and the Relevant Regulator has not objected to, such substitution, 
variation or modification (as applicable) in accordance with the CRD/CRR requirements; 
(B) 
in the case of any such redemption, purchase or cancellation, the Issuer has notified the 
Relevant Regulator of, and, if then required by CRD/CRR, the Relevant Regulator has 
given permission to, such redemption, purchase or cancellation (as applicable) in 
accordance with the CRD/CRR requirements (which, as at 14 June 2022, are set out in 
Articles 77 and 78a of the CRR and any regulatory technical standards adopted by the 
Commission in relation thereto); and 
(C) 
in the case of a redemption as a result of a Tax Event or a MREL Disqualification Event, 
the Issuer has delivered a certificate signed by two members of its Executive 
Management to the Issuing Agent (and copies thereof will be available at the Issuing 
Agent’s specified office during its normal business hours) not less than five Business 
Days prior to the date set for redemption that such event has occurred or will occur no 
more than 90 days following the date fixed for redemption, as the case may be. 
(ii) 
If applicable to the Notes, if, after a notice of redemption has been given pursuant to Condition 
6(c), Condition 6(d) or Condition 6(e) (as applicable), the Relevant Regulator withdraws its 
permission to the relevant redemption before the relevant redemption date, such notice of 
redemption shall automatically be revoked and the relevant redemption shall not be made until a 
new redemption notice is given and all conditions for redemption as described in this Condition 
6(i) have been fulfilled. The redemption restriction described in this paragraph is referred to as the 
“Permission Withdrawal Early Redemption Restriction”. 
Any refusal by the Relevant Regulator to grant its permission to any such redemption, purchase 
or cancellation (as applicable) pursuant to paragraph (i)(B) of this Condition 6(i) (or, as the case 
may be, any withdrawal by the Relevant Regulator) of any such permission) will not constitute an 
Enforcement Event or an event of default under the relevant Notes. 
7. 
Payments 
(a) 
Principal and interest: Payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be made by transfer 
to an account denominated in the Specified Currency with a custody bank to the Noteholders shown in the 
relevant records of the Securities Depository, in accordance with, and subject to, the rules and regulations 
from time to time governing the Securities Depository. 
(b) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws, 
regulations and directives which are applicable to such payments in the place of payment or other laws to 
which the Issuer agrees to be subject and the Issuer will not be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever 
nature imposed or levied by any such laws, regulations or directives, but without prejudice to the provisions 
of Condition 8. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of such 
payments. 
(c) 
Payment on Business Days (and TARGET Business Days, as the case may be): If any date for payment 
in respect of any Note is not a Business Day (and, in case the Notes are settled on the TARGET System, a 
TARGET Business Day), the Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Business

--- Page 53 ---
53 
Day (which, in case the Notes are settled on the TARGET System, is also a TARGET Business Day) nor 
to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment.  
8. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes shall 
be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed 
by or on behalf of Denmark or any political subdivision or any authority therein or thereof having power 
to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, in the case of a payment of 
interest only, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts (“Additional Amounts”) as shall result in receipt 
by the Noteholders of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or 
deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note: 
(i) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder who is liable to such taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note by reason of their having 
some connection with Denmark other than the mere holding of the Note or the receipt of principal, 
interest or other amount in respect of such Note; or 
(ii) 
Claim more than 30 days after the Relevant Date: where a claim for payment is made by the 
Noteholder more than 30 days after the Relevant Date, except to the extent that the relevant 
Noteholder would have been entitled to such additional amounts on claiming payment on or before 
the expiry of such period of 30 days. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than 
Denmark, references in the Conditions to Denmark shall be construed as references to Denmark and/or 
such other jurisdiction. 
(c) 
FATCA: Notwithstanding any other provision of the Conditions, in no event will the Issuer be required to 
pay any additional amounts in respect of the Notes for, or on account of, any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 
(the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations 
or agreements thereunder, or any official interpretations thereunder. 
 
9. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes shall be subject to limitation under the Danish 
Limitation Act and shall become void unless proceedings have been commenced or the limitation period has 
otherwise been suspended or interrupted pursuant to the rules of the Danish Limitation Act within ten (10) years (in 
the case of principal) or three years (3) (in the case of interest) from the date when the creditor was entitled to claim 
payment within the meaning of Section 2 of the Danish Limitation Act. 
10. 
Enforcement Events 
(i) 
There are no events of default in respect of the Notes. Noteholders shall not be entitled at any time to file 
for bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer. 
(ii) 
If an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer (an 
“Enforcement Event”), any Noteholder may prove or claim in such proceedings in respect of the Notes, 
such claim being for payment of the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes at the time of commencement 
of such bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer together with any interest accrued and unpaid on such Note 
from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the occurrence of such Enforcement 
Event and any other amounts payable on the Notes (including any damages payable in respect thereof). 
Such claim shall rank as provided in Condition 4. 
(iii) 
Subject to Condition 10(i) and without prejudice to Condition 10(ii), any Noteholder may, at its discretion 
and without further notice, institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce any

--- Page 54 ---
54 
obligation, condition or provision binding on the Issuer under the Notes, provided that the Issuer shall not 
by virtue of the institution of any proceedings be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same 
would otherwise have been payable by it. 
11. 
Agents 
(a) 
Appointment of Agents: The Issuer may at any time appoint an Issuing Agent if not already appointed 
under these Conditions. In addition to performing the tasks as the issuing agent, the Issuing Agent will 
perform the tasks of the paying agent (“Paying Agent”), which is paying any amount due under the Notes 
in accordance with the Conditions. Unless the Calculation Agent is the Issuing Agent, the Calculation 
Agent in respect of any Notes shall be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuing Agent, the Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and do 
not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder. 
(b) 
Replacement of Agents: The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of 
the Issuing Agent, the Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent and to appoint additional or other paying 
agents provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) an Issuing Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation 
Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) a Paying Agent, which is authorised to act as an account 
holding institution with the Securities Depository and (iv) such other agents as may be required by any 
other stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed. 
Notice of any such change shall promptly be given to the Noteholders. 
12. 
Decisions by Noteholders 
(a) 
Powers of Noteholders’ Meeting and Written Procedure: 
(i) 
A Noteholders’ Meeting or a Written Procedure shall, subject to the Conditions, have power to: 
(A) 
sanction any proposal by the Issuer for any modification, abrogation, variation or 
compromise of, or arrangement in respect of, the rights of the Noteholders against the 
Issuer, whether or not those rights arise under the Notes; 
(B) 
sanction the exchange or substitution for the Notes of, or the conversion of the Notes 
into, shares, notes or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other entity; 
(C) 
assent to any modification of the Notes or the Conditions proposed by the Issuer; 
(D) 
authorise anyone to concur in and do anything necessary to carry out and give effect to a 
resolution taken at a Noteholders’ Meeting or a Written Procedure; 
(E) 
appoint and elect a representative on behalf of the Noteholders, which, if the Securities 
Depository is VP, shall be pursuant to the Danish Capital Markets Act; 
(F) 
appoint any persons (whether Noteholders or not) as a committee or committees to 
represent the Noteholders’ interests and to confer on them any powers or discretions 
which the Noteholders could themselves exercise at a Noteholders’ Meeting or a Written 
Procedure; and 
(G) 
approve the substitution of any entity for the Issuer (or any previous substitute) as 
principal debtor under the Notes or the Conditions. 
(ii) 
Decisions to be taken by the Noteholders may be dealt with, at the option of the Issuer, at a 
Noteholders’ Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure. 
(iii) 
A Noteholders’ Meeting will be held in accordance with the procedure pursuant to Condition 13. 
(iv) 
A Written Procedure will be held in accordance with the procedure pursuant to Condition 14.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
(b) 
Voting rights: 
(i) 
Each Noteholder holds one vote for each Note. The Issuer has no voting rights in respect of Notes 
held by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries. 
(ii) 
Only a person who is, or who has been provided with a power of attorney from a person who is, 
able to document its holdings of Notes by: 
(A) 
presenting a custody account statement from the Securities Depository or an authorised 
institution that is not more than three Business Days old (where the three Business Days 
shall be counted from the date of the submission of the vote at the Noteholders’ Meeting 
or Written Procedure, as the case may be, or power of attorney authorising a person to 
vote); or 
(B) 
providing other proof of holding which, in the case of a Noteholders’ Meeting is 
satisfactory to the chairman of the Noteholders’ Meeting or in the case of a Written 
Procedure is satisfactory to the Issuer; 
may exercise voting rights as a Noteholder at such Noteholders’ Meeting or in such Written 
Procedure. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 12(b), a beneficial owner of a Note that has a Note registered 
in the name of a nominee will, in accordance with Condition 3(c), be deemed to be the owner of 
the Note rather than the nominee. No vote may be exercised at Noteholders’ Meeting or in a 
Written Procedure by any nominee if the beneficial owner of the Note has presented relevant 
evidence to the chairman of the Noteholders’ Meeting (in case of a Noteholders’ Meeting) or the 
Issuer (in case of a Written Procedure) pursuant to Condition 3(c) stating that it is the beneficial 
owner of the Notes voted for. If such owner of the Notes has voted directly for any of its nominee 
registered Notes, the owner of the Notes votes shall take precedence over votes submitted by the 
nominee for the same Notes. 
(c) 
Percentage of Noteholders required to consent: 
(i) 
The following matters shall require the consent of Noteholders representing at least 75 per cent. 
of the nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding for which Noteholders are 
voting at a Noteholders’ Meeting or for which Noteholders reply in a Written Procedure in 
accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Condition 14(a): 
(A) 
a change to the terms of any provision of Condition 4; 
(B) 
a reduction of the amount payable upon the redemption or repurchase of any Note 
pursuant to Condition 6 other than as permitted or required by the Conditions; 
(C) 
a change to the interest rate or the nominal amount of the Notes (other than as permitted 
or required by the Conditions); 
(D) 
a change to the terms dealing with the requirements for Noteholders’ consent set out in 
this Condition 12(c)(i); 
(E) 
a change of Issuer (other than as permitted or required by the Conditions), an extension 
of the tenor of the Notes or any delay of the due date for payment of any principal or 
interest on the Notes; 
(F) 
a mandatory exchange of the Notes for other securities (other than as permitted by the 
Conditions); and  
(G) 
early redemption of the Notes as permitted or required by the Conditions.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
(ii) 
Any matter not covered by Condition 12(c)(i) above shall require the consent of Noteholders 
representing more than 50 per cent. of the Outstanding Principal Amounts of the Notes for which 
Noteholders are voting at a Noteholders’ Meeting or for which Noteholders reply in a Written 
Procedure. 
(d) 
Quorum: 
(i) 
A quorum at a Noteholders’ Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure only exists if a 
Noteholder (or Noteholders) representing at least 50 per cent. of the Outstanding Principal 
Amounts of the Notes in case of a matter pursuant to Condition 12(c)(i), and otherwise 20 per 
cent. of the Outstanding Principal Amounts of the Notes for the time being outstanding: 
(A) 
if at a Noteholders’ Meeting, attend the meeting in person or in case the Noteholders’ 
Meeting is held by conference call or by use of a videoconference platform, by telephone 
or video conference (or appear through duly authorised representatives); or 
(B) 
if in respect of a Written Procedure, reply to the request. 
(ii) 
Notes held by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries shall not be taken into account when determining 
whether the required quorum has been met according to Condition 12(d)(i) or Condition 15(b). 
(iii) 
No resolution may be passed if it is clear that that resolution is likely to give certain Noteholders 
or others an undue advantage over other Noteholders. 
(e) 
Issuer’s, Paying Agent’s, Issuing Agent’s or the Calculation Agent’s consent required: Any decision 
which extends or increases the obligations of the Issuer, the Issuing Agent, the Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent or limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or benefits of the Issuer, the Issuing Agent, 
the Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent under the Conditions shall be subject to the Issuer’s, the Issuing 
Agent’s, the Paying Agent’s or the Calculation Agent’s consent, as the case may be. 
(f) 
Decisions binding on all Noteholders and information to Noteholders: 
(i) 
A matter decided at a duly convened and held Noteholders’ Meeting or by way of Written 
Procedure is binding on all Noteholders, irrespective of them being present or represented at the 
Noteholders’ Meeting or responding in the Written Procedure. The Noteholders that have not 
adopted or voted for a decision shall not be liable for any damages that this may cause other 
Noteholders. 
(ii) 
Information about decisions taken at a Noteholders’ Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure 
shall promptly be notified to the Noteholders, provided that a failure to do so shall not invalidate 
any decision made or voting result achieved. The minutes from the relevant Noteholders’ Meeting 
or Written Procedure shall at the request of a Noteholder be sent to it by the Issuer. 
(g) 
Minutes: Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings at every Noteholders’ Meeting or 
Written Procedure and, if purporting to be signed by the chairman of that meeting or of the next succeeding 
meeting, shall be conclusive evidence of the matters in them. Until the contrary is proved, every meeting 
for which minutes have been so made and signed shall be deemed to have been duly convened and held 
and all resolutions passed or proceedings transacted at it to have been duly passed and transacted. 
13. 
Noteholders’ Meeting 
(a) 
Attendance at a Noteholder’s Meeting: 
(i) 
The following may attend and speak at a Noteholders’ Meeting: 
(A) 
Noteholders and proxies; 
(B) 
any beneficial owners of the Notes having presented relevant evidence to the chairman of 
the Noteholders’ Meeting pursuant to Condition 3(c);

--- Page 57 ---
57 
(C) 
any representative of the Noteholders appointed pursuant to Condition 12(a)(i)(E); 
(D) 
the chairman; and 
(E) 
the Issuer and the Issuing Agent (through their respective representatives) and their 
respective financial and legal advisers. 
No one else may attend or speak. 
(b) 
Chairman of the Noteholders’ Meeting: 
(i) 
The chairman of the Noteholders’ Meeting shall be such person as the Issuer may nominate or, if 
no nomination is made, the person elected by the Noteholders present at such meeting. 
(ii) 
If the Securities Depository is VP, the Issuer shall upon request provide the chairman of the 
Noteholders’ Meeting with the information available in the securities register kept by VP in 
respect of the Notes in order to convene and hold the Noteholders’ Meeting. 
(c) 
Convening a Noteholders’ Meeting: 
(i) 
The Issuer may at any time, and shall, if so requested by one or more Noteholders representing at 
least 10 per cent. of the Outstanding Principal Amounts of the Notes convene a Noteholders' 
Meeting or initiate a Written Procedure. The Issuer may refrain from convening a Noteholders’ 
Meeting or instigating a Written Procedure if (i) the suggested decision must be approved by any 
person in addition to the Noteholders and such person has informed the Issuer that an approval 
will not be given, or (ii) the suggested decision is not in accordance with applicable laws. 
(ii) 
The Issuer shall call the Noteholders by notice to each Noteholders’ Meeting no later than 14 days 
after having received request to convene such Noteholders’ Meeting from the Noteholders 
containing the subject of such meeting. If the Issuer does not call the Noteholders’ Meeting within 
the deadline, the Noteholders shall be entitled to call the Noteholders’ Meeting. The notice to 
convene a Noteholders’ Meeting shall be sent to each such person who is registered as a 
Noteholder on the date on which the notice is sent. 
(d) 
Notice to convene a Noteholders’ Meeting: The notice pursuant to Condition 13(a) shall include the 
following: 
(i) 
time for the Noteholders’ Meeting, which must be at least 5 days, but not more than 30 days after 
the notice to the Noteholders; 
(ii) 
place for the Noteholders’ Meeting (including by way of conference call or by use of a 
videoconference platform); 
(iii) 
a specification of the Business Day(s) on which a person must be registered as a Noteholder in 
order to be entitled to exercise voting rights; 
(iv) 
agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the Noteholders); and 
(v) 
a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been included in the notice may be resolved 
upon at the Noteholders’ Meeting. 
Should prior notification by the Noteholders be required in order to attend the Noteholders’ Meeting, such 
requirement shall be included in the notice. 
(e) 
Venue for Noteholders’ Meetings: All Noteholders’ Meetings shall be held in the Copenhagen area or by 
way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform and the Issuer shall pay expenses associated 
with the meeting other than travel and other expenses incurred by the Noteholders which shall be borne by 
each individual Noteholder.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
14. 
Written Procedure 
(a) 
Instigating a Written Procedure: 
(i) 
The Issuer may instigate a Written Procedure at any time by sending a communication to each 
such person who is registered as a Noteholder on the date on which the communication is sent. 
(ii) 
A communication pursuant to Condition 14(a)(i) shall include the following: 
(A) 
each request for a decision by the Noteholders; 
(B) 
a description of the reasons for each request; 
(C) 
a specification of the Business Day(s) on which a person must be registered as a 
Noteholder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights; 
(D) 
instructions and directions on replying to the request (including a form for such reply 
containing an option to vote yes or no for each request) as well as a form of power of 
attorney; and 
(E) 
the stipulated time period within which the Noteholder must reply to the request (such 
time period to last at least eight Business Days from the communication pursuant to 
Condition 14(a)(i)). 
If the voting shall be made electronically, instructions for such voting shall be included in the 
communication. 
(b) 
Decisions: When the requisite majority consents of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding pursuant 
to Condition 12(c) have been received in a Written Procedure, the relevant decision shall be deemed to be 
adopted pursuant to Condition 12(c) even if the time period for replies in the Written Procedure has not yet 
expired. 
 
15. 
Repeated Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure 
(a) 
Convening a repeated Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure: 
(i) 
Even if the necessary quorum set out in Condition 12(d) is not achieved, the Noteholders’ Meeting 
or Written Procedure, as applicable, shall be held and voting completed for the purpose of 
recording the voting results in the minutes of the Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure, as 
applicable. The Issuer or the person who convened the initial Noteholders’ Meeting or Written 
Procedure, as applicable, may, within 10 Business Days of that Noteholders’ Meeting or Written 
Procedure, as applicable, convene a repeated Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure, with 
the same agenda as the first Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure, as applicable. 
(ii) 
The provisions and procedures regarding a Noteholders’ Meetings and a Written Procedure, as set 
out, as applicable, in Conditions 12, 13 and 14 shall apply mutatis mutandis to a repeated 
Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure, with the exception of the quorum requirements set 
out in Condition 12(d). A notice to convene for a repeated Noteholders’ Meeting or Written 
Procedure, as applicable, shall also contain the voting results obtained in the initial Noteholders’ 
Meeting or Written Procedure, as applicable. 
(iii) 
A repeated Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure, as applicable, may only be convened once 
for each initial Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure, as applicable. A repeated 
Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure, as applicable, may be convened pursuant to the 
procedures of a Written Procedure in accordance with Condition 14, even if the initial meeting 
was held pursuant to the procedures of a Noteholders’ Meeting in accordance with Condition 13 
and vice versa.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
(b) 
Quorum at a repeated Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure: The quorum at any such repeated 
Noteholder’s Meeting or Written Procedure, as applicable, is one or more persons being or representing 
Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes so held or represented, unless the business of such 
meeting includes consideration of a matter pursuant to Condition 12(c)(i), in which case the quorum shall 
be one or more persons holding Notes or representing Noteholders holding Notes in principal amount of 
not less than 33 1/3 per cent. of the Outstanding Principal Amounts of the Notes. 
16. 
Representative 
Save to the extent referred to in Condition 12(a)(i)(E), no trustee, agent or representative of the Noteholders will be 
appointed. 
17. 
Modification of Notes 
The Issuer may make, without the consent of the Noteholders: 
(i) 
any change to the Notes or the Conditions as provided for in Condition 5(c)(v); 
(ii) 
any modification to the Notes or the Conditions to correct a manifest error; or 
(iii) 
any modification to the Notes or the Conditions which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders, 
subject to Condition 6(i). 
Subject as provided in the Conditions, no other change or modification may be made to the Notes or the Conditions 
except with the consent of the Issuer and sanction of a Noteholders’ Meeting or a Written Procedure or as may be 
required by applicable laws or a court ruling or decision by a relevant authority. 
Any such change or modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and any such change or modification shall be 
notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
 
 
18. 
Further issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders create and issue further notes having the 
same terms and conditions as the Notes (or in all respect except for the first payment of interest, if any, on them 
and/or the issue date or the issue price thereof) and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single series 
with such Notes, and references in the Conditions to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly. 
19. 
Notices 
Notices to the Noteholders shall be given (i) in accordance with the procedures of the Securities Depository in force 
from time to time and/or (ii) in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant 
authority on or by which the Notes are for the time being listed and/or admitted to trading. Any such notice will be 
deemed to have been given on the first date it is published in accordance with (A) the procedures of the Securities 
Depository or (B) the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on or by which the Notes are for the 
time being listed and/or admitted to trading. 
20. 
Waiver and remedies 
No failure to exercise, and no delay in exercising, on the part of a Noteholder, any right in the Conditions shall 
operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or future exercise 
thereof or the exercise of any other right. Rights hereunder shall be in addition to all other rights provided by law. 
No notice or demand given in any case shall constitute a waiver of rights to take other action in the same, similar or 
other instances without such notice or demand. 
21. 
Governing law, jurisdiction and recognition of write-down or conversion powers

--- Page 60 ---
60 
(a) 
Governing law: Save as provided in the sentence that follows, the Conditions and the Notes are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Danish law. If the Securities Depository is VPS, Conditions 
3(b) and 19 are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Norwegian law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: The courts of Denmark shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise 
out of or in connection with the Conditions and the Notes. 
(c) 
Recognition of write-down or conversion powers: For the avoidance of doubts, by its acquisition of the 
Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising under the Notes may be subject 
to (without limitation) the exercise of any Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, in accordance with Article 48 of the BRRD). Upon the Issuer being informed and 
notified by the Relevant Resolution Authority of the actual exercise of any Danish Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers with respect to the Notes, the Issuer shall notify the Noteholders without delay in 
accordance with Condition 19. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice shall not affect the validity 
and enforceability of the Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Tranche of Notes, subject only to the deletion of non-applicable 
provisions, is set out below: 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, 
each as defined in Directive 2014/54/EU (as amended) (“MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration [the/each] manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties target 
market 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional clients and 
retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/54/EU (as amended) (“MiFID II”); EITHER [(ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; 
and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/and] 
portfolio management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s (as defined below) 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration [the/each] 
manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Details of any negative target market to be included 
if applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties target market 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio 
management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are 
appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, 
subject to the distributor’s (as defined below) suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a

--- Page 62 ---
62 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations 
under COBS, as applicable.] 
[Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (as amended) (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below) as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to [specify benchmark (as this term is defined in the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation)] which is provided by [legal name of the benchmark administrator]. As at the date of these Final 
Terms, [legal name of the benchmark administrator] [appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011. 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [specify benchmark (as this term is defined in the EU Benchmarks Regulation)] [does not fall 
within the scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation/the transitional provisions in Article 
51 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 apply] such that [legal name of the benchmark administrator] is not currently required to 
obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).] 
Final Terms dated [] 
Aktieselskabet Arbejdernes Landsbank 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300D6BJ7XOO03RR69 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] under the 
DKK 10,000,000,000 Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Prospectus dated 
15 June 2022 [and the supplement[s] to the Prospectus dated [][ and []]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus 
(the “Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with such Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Prospectus has been published on the 
website of the Issuer, at https://www.al-bank.dk/om-banken/ir/gaeld-og-fundingstrategi.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
1. 
Issuer:  
Aktieselskabet Arbejdernes Landsbank 
2. 
Series/Tranche 
 
 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated and form a 
single Series with the [insert amount, interest rate, maturity date 
and issue date of the Series] 
3. 
Specified Currency: 
[] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6. 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[]  
[All trades in Notes as well as the initial subscription shall be in a 
minimum amount of [currency][amount]. A Noteholder who, as 
a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less 
than [currency][amount] in its account with the relevant 
Securities Depository will not be able to sell the remainder of such 
holding without first purchasing a principal amount of the Notes 
at or in excess of [currency][amount] such that its holding 
amounts to [currency][amount] or above.] 
(N.B Either (i) all trades in Notes as well as the initial 
subscription for Notes shall be in a minimum amount of €100,000 
or (ii) the minimum specified denomination of each Note will be 
€100,000 (or, in each case, if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount as of the relevant 
date of issue in such other currency.) 
7. 
Issue Date: 
[] 
 
(i) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment Date 
falling in or nearest to the relevant month and year]  
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[specify reference rate] +/– [] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Reset Notes] 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the 
Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at their Final 
Redemption Amount

--- Page 64 ---
64 
11. Change of Interest Basis: 
[Not Applicable/cross refer to paragraphs [[14] and/or [15]] if 
details are included there] 
12. Call Option: 
[Call Option /Not Applicable] 
[(see paragraph 17 below)] 
13. [Date of [Board of Directors] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board of Directors (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of Notes)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] [and []] in each year, commencing on [], up to and 
including the Maturity Date 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(iv) 
Determination Dates: 
[[] in each year/Not Applicable]  
15. Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear 
 
(ii) 
First Reset Margin: 
[+/–][] per cent. per annum 
 
(iii) 
Subsequent Reset Margin 
[[+/–][] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
[] [and []] in each year, commencing on [], up to and 
including the Maturity Date 
 
(v) 
First Reset Date: 
[] 
 
(vi) 
Second Reset Date: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[[] [and []]/Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) Reset Determination Date(s): 
[] 
(specify in relation to each Reset Date) 
 
(ix) 
Relevant Time: 
[]

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
(x) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[] 
 
(xi) 
Reset Reference Rate: 
[Mid-Swap Rate]/[Reference Bond] 
 
(xii) 
Reset Reference Rate Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) Original Reset Reference Rate Payment 
Basis: 
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly/Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs (a)-(g) of 
this paragraph) 
a. Reference Rate Replacement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
b. Mid-Swap Floating Leg Maturity: 
[] 
c. Initial 
Mid-Swap 
Rate 
Final 
Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete “Initial Mid-Swap Rate” immediately 
below) 
d. Initial Mid-Swap Rate: 
[] per cent. 
e. Reset Period Maturity Initial Mid-
Swap Rate Final Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete “Reset Period Maturity Initial Mid-Swap 
Rate” immediately below) 
f. Reset Period Maturity Initial Mid-
Swap Rate: 
[] per cent. 
g. Last Observable Mid-Swap Rate 
Final Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) 
First Reset Period Fallback Yield: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(N.B. only applicable where the Reset Reference Rate is 
Reference Bond) 
 
(xvi) Reset Reference Banks: 
[] 
 
(xvii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(xviii) Determination Dates: 
[[] in each year/Not Applicable] 
 
(xix) Calculation Agent: 
[Specify if not the Issuing Agent]/[The Issuing Agent] 
16. Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date: 
[] 
(Not applicable unless different from Interest Payment Date) 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/ Modified Following Business Day Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention][Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s) 
[]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]  
 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent):  
[] 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
a. Reference Rate:  
[[] month] [EURIBOR/CIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR] 
(N.B. The Reference Rate shall be any one of EURIBOR, 
NIBOR, STIBOR or CIBOR) 
b. Interest Determination Date(s): 
[] 
c. Relevant Screen Page:  
[] 
d. Reference Banks: 
[] 
 
(x) 
Reference Rate Replacement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(If applicable, and “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected below, 
make sure that the 2021 ISDA Definitions work in the context of 
the relevant Floating Rate Notes) 
a. ISDA Definitions: 
[]/[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
b. Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
c. Designated Maturity:  
[] 
d. Reset Date: 
[] 
 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][] per cent. per annum  
 
(xiii) Minimum Rate of Interest:  
[] per cent. per annum

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
(xiv) Maximum Rate of Interest:  
[] per cent. per annum  
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(xvi) Determination Dates: 
[[] in each year/Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. Call Option  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s):  
[] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[]/[Early Redemption Amount] 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph) 
a. Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[] 
b. Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[] 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [15]/[] days 
Maximum period: [30]/[] days 
18. Final Redemption Amount 
[]/[The Outstanding Principal Amount] 
19. Early Redemption Amount  
[]/[The Final Redemption Amount] 
20. Redemption for MREL Disqualification 
Event  
[Condition 6(d) applies/Not Applicable] 
21. Substitution and variation  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22. Other special provisions relating to payment 
dates:  
[Not Applicable/[]]  
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date and place of 
payment) 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[] has been extracted from []. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far 
as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of Aktieselskabet Arbejdernes Landsbank:

--- Page 68 ---
68 
By: _____________________________________ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 69 ---
69 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Notes to be listed on Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S. 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Nasdaq 
Copenhagen A/S with effect from [].] [Application is expected 
to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of Nasdaq 
Copenhagen A/S with effect from []] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
(i) 
Ratings  
[The Notes to be issued have been rated:] 
 
 
[The Notes to be issued are expected to be rated:] 
 
 
[[]: []] 
 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings 
if this has previously been published by the ratings provider.] 
Insert one (or more) of the following options, as applicable: 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity(ies) 
providing rating] [is/are] established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended).] 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity(ies) 
providing rating] [is/are] established in the EEA and has applied 
for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended), although notification of the registration decision has 
not yet been provided.] 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity(ies) 
providing rating] [is/are] not established in the EEA and [is/are] 
not certified under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the “CRA Regulation”) and the rating[s] [it has/they have] given 
to the Notes [is/are] not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation.]

--- Page 70 ---
70 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save as discussed in the “Subscription and Sale” and “General Information” sections of the Prospectus, including 
any fees payable to [] (the [Managers/Dealer]), so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the 
Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealer] and [their/its] affiliates have engaged, and may in 
the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] (Amend as appropriate if there are other 
interests) 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described constitute 
“significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 of 
the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
[YIELD 
(Include for Fixed Rate Notes and Reset Notes 
only) 
 
 
(i) 
Indication of yield: 
[]] 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code] , as updated, as set out on] the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code] , as updated, as set out on] the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] (If 
the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or available, 
it/they should be specified to be “Not Applicable”)] 
 
(v) 
Securities Depository:  
[VP/VPS] 
 
 
[The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain certain information from the 
registers maintained by VP for the purpose of performing its 
obligations under the issue of the Notes.] 
(Delete the above paragraph where such entitlement of the Issuer 
will not apply to a Series of Notes.) 
 
(vi) 
VPS Issuing Agent 
[[name and address] shall be the VPS Issuing Agent]/[N/A] 
(Include details of the appointed VPS Issuing Agent, if relevant.) 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/[]]

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restriction: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2 
 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
7. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See “Use of Proceeds” in the Prospectus/[Give details]] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Prospectus – if reasons for 
offer different from what is disclosed in the Prospectus, give 
details) 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[]

--- Page 72 ---
72 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
The net proceeds from the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be applied by the Issuer to fulfil its MREL requirement 
(including on a consolidated basis). If, in respect of any particular Tranche of Notes, there is a particular identified use of 
proceeds, this will be stated in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
DESCRIPTION OF ARBEJDERNES LANDSBANK AND ARBEJDERNES LANDSBANK GROUP 
 
1 
Introduction 
1.1 
History, business and market 
Arbejdernes Landsbank was established in Copenhagen in 1919 by the Danish trade union movement and supported by the 
Danish fuel industry. The purpose was to create an independent bank ensuring capital for union members, e.g., during 
conflicts among unions and employers’ organisations. 
Since its founding in 1919 Arbejdernes Landsbank has been run with a strong ambition to focus on customers and social 
responsibility. Arbejdernes Landsbank's mission is to make its customers experience Arbejdernes Landsbank as a responsible 
and present partner who manages to create value and provide financial advice in a simple and easy understandably way.  
In March 2021, Arbejdernes Landsbank entered into an agreement to purchase the shares in Vestjysk Bank held by AP 
Pension and Nykredit as part of Arbejdernes Landsbank’s strategy to become a more nationwide bank and to be stronger in 
the business customers segment. Prior to this purchase, Arbejdernes Landsbank was already a shareholder in Vestjysk Bank. 
The purchases of the shares were completed on 31 May 2021, and Arbejdernes Landsbank thus became the majority owner 
of Vestjysk Bank. After the acquisition of shares from AP Pension and Nykredit, Arbejdernes Landsbank obtained an 
ownership interest of 60.8 per cent. in Vestjysk Bank. This obligated Arbejdernes Landsbank to submit a purchase offer to 
the other shareholders in Vestjysk Bank and on 9 July 2021, Arbejdernes Landsbank announced the final result with a 
purchase of an additional 6.4 per cent. of the shares in Vestjysk Bank. In the same period, Arbejdernes Landsbank also 
acquired a further 5.5 per cent. of the shares of Vestjysk Bank on the open market. This brought Arbejdernes Landsbank’s 
total ownership interest up to 72.7 per cent as of 9 July 2021.  
The Arbejdernes Landsbank Group has grown considerably with the acquisition of the majority of the shares in Vestjysk 
Bank. The Group is nationwide, offering relevant and competitive financial products and services combined with competent 
advisory services for private individuals, associations and enterprises. 
The two banks in the Group, Arbejdernes Landsbank and Vestjysk Bank, will be continued as two independent banks, each 
with its own focus and brand. Common for the whole Group is greater focus on continued inflow of new customers and a 
stronger position on the market for business customers. 
As expected, Arbejdernes Landsbank on a consolidated basis was designated as a systematically important financial 
institution (“SIFI”) in Denmark by the Danish FSA in June 2021.  
Arbejdernes Landsbank Group is a relevant and strong financial institution offering a wide range of financial products and 
services to personal, corporate and union customers. Arbejdernes Landsbank Group offers financial advice and support to 
the customers of Arbejdernes Landsbank Group via a nation-wide set of branches and user-friendly digital self-services. 
In January 2022, for the 13th consecutive year, Arbejdernes Landsbank was lauded as Danes' preferred bank in Voxmeter’s 
Yearly Report on the Best Banks in Danmark published on 5 January 2022, an annual survey of customer satisfaction in the 
banking sector. Being number one of the 20 largest Danish banks for customer satisfaction, for the 13th consecutive year, 
once again confirms that Arbejdernes Landsbank’s customers value the way Arbejdernes Landsbank is operated. The 
acknowledgement in the survey of customer satisfaction confirms that the customers see a clear link between Arbejdernes 
Landsbank’s values and their day-to-day interactions with Arbejdernes Landsbank – whether face-to-face in one of 
Arbejdernes Landsbank‘s 70 branches throughout Denmark, or online, e.g. on social media. In the same survey, Vestjysk 
Bank was placed tenth.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
Arbejdernes Landsbank Group’s registered office and principal place of business is Vesterbrogade 5, DK-1620 Copenhagen 
V, Denmark. Contact information for Arbejdernes Landsbanks head office is: Telephone: +4538 484848, Fax: +4538485050 
and Arbejdernes Landsbank’s website is: www.al-bank.dk. Information on Arbejdernes Landsbank’s website does not form 
part of this Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Prospectus (see “Documents incorporated 
by reference”).  
Arbejdernes Landsbank is registered with the Danish Business Authority under CVR number 31 46 70 12 as a limited liability 
company (in Danish: aktieselskab) and operates under Danish legislation. Arbejdernes Landsbank’s Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI) code is 549300D6BJ7XOO03RR69. The legal name of the Bank is Aktieselskabet Arbejdernes Landsbank. 
Arbejdernes Landsbank has the following registered secondary names: AL Bank A/S, Landsbank af 1919 A/S and 
Lønmodtagernes Bank A/S.  
The share capital amounts to DKK 2,100,000,000, divided into shares of nominally DKK 1 each. The share capital is fully 
paid up, and no shares carry special rights. There are restrictions on the negotiability of the shares as the transfer of the right 
to a share may only be effected with the consent of the Board of Directors and at no more than par value. The five largest 
shareholders combined hold about 81 per cent. of the share capital. The vast majority of Arbejdernes Landsbank’s shares are 
owned by the trade union movement in Denmark. In addition, Arbejdernes Landsbank has approximately 22,000 private 
shareholders. 
Arbejdernes Landsbank has one shareholder who has announced that it holds more than 20 per cent. of the share capital:  
 
Fagligt Fælles Forbund - 3F, Kampmannsgade 4, 1790 Copenhagen V, Denmark, 32.98 per cent.  
The following four shareholders have announced that they hold at least 5 per cent. of the share capital: 
 
Danish Metal Workers' Union, Molestien 7, 2450 Copenhagen SV, Denmark, 19.82 per cent.  
 
Fødevareforbundet NNF, Molestien 7, 2450 Copenhagen SV, Denmark, 11.57 per cent.  
 
HK/Danmark, Weidekampsgade 8, 2300 Copenhagen S, Denmark, 10.01 per cent.  
 
Fagbevægelsens Hovedorganisation, Islands Brygge 32D, 2300 Copenhagen S, Denmark, 7.05 per cent.  
1.2 
Organisation and activities of the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group 
The Arbejdernes Landsbank Group includes the following companies:  
 
Aktieselskabet Arbejdernes Landsbank (parent company)

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
Vestjysk Bank (subsidiary)  
 
AL Finans A/S (“AL Finans”) (subsidiary)  
 
Ejendomsselskabet Sluseholmen A/S (”Ejendomsselskabet Sluseholmen”) (subsidiary)  
As per 31 December 2021 Arbejdernes Landsbank held 73 per cent. of the shares in Vestjysk Bank, while AL Finans and 
Ejendomsselskabet Sluseholmen where fully owned by Arbejdernes Landsbank. At the date of this Prospectus, there has been 
no changes to the ownerships.  
Arbejdernes Landsbank Group’s organisational structure is shown below: 
 
1.2.1 
Arbejdernes Landsbank  
Arbejdernes Landsbank is a nationwide full-service bank for private individuals, associations and small and medium-sized 
enterprises.  
Arbejdernes Landsbank’s business strategy is based on sound values such as integrity, community, openness and corporate 
responsibility. As an example, advisory services always take outset in the needs, values and dreams of the customer. This 
means that Arbejdernes Landsbank’s approach is to look at the full financial situation of the customer, and responsible advice 
always comes before a sale. Arbejdernes Landsbank makes an extra effort to ensure that no customer leaves a meeting without 
having understood what Arbejdernes Landsbank has advised and what the point of the advice was.  
Arbejdernes Landsbank works systematically and strategically to develop a dynamic and customer-oriented culture. 
Arbejdernes Landsbank’s culture is crucial in retaining and developing Arbejdernes Landsbank’s unique position relative 
both to customers and to being an attractive workplace for employees. Arbejdernes Landsbank sees a clear link between 
strategy and culture.  
1.2.2 
Vestjysk Bank  
The strategic focus of Vestjysk Bank is to be Denmark's strongest local bank, offering advisory services to private and 
business customers, locally as well as regionally. Vestjysk Bank aims to be an attractive cooperation partner for both private 
and business customers. Arbejdernes Landsbank increased its shareholding in Vestjysk Bank from 32 per cent. to 
approximately 61 per cent. on 31 May 2021. 
On 13 January 2021, Vestjysk Bank merged with Den Jyske Sparekasse with Vestjysk Bank as the continuing entity. The 
merger was successfully implemented during 2021, and the expected synergies are generally being realised as anticipated. 
Integration of IT-systems was a major task, which has now been successfully completed.  
Vestjysk Bank wants to strengthen its position as a bank appealing to the business community, and in the future, it will 
specifically target businesses in Vestjysk Bank’s market area which predominantly is in Jutland south of Limfjorden.  
Vestjysk Bank has extensive expertise in the fisheries and agricultural sectors, and it will focus even more on fisheries. On 3 
January 2022, Vestjysk Bank opened a centre of expertise targeting the fisheries sector. Because of Vestjysk Bank’s strong 
foundation in West Jutland, an area with a long tradition of fishing, Vestjysk Bank has developed strong expertise and a 
considerable customer portfolio in the fisheries sector over a number of years.  
1.2.3 
AL Finans  
AL Finans is a finance company offering financing solutions to private individuals and businesses. For private individuals, 
the company mainly provides car loans and car leasing. For businesses, AL Finans offers factoring, invoice purchasing and

--- Page 76 ---
76 
car leasing solutions. AL Finans aims to establish strong customer relations through close dialogue and collaboration with its 
customers.  
1.2.4 
Ejendomsselskabet Sluseholmen  
Ejendomsselskabet Sluseholmen A/S (“Ejendomsselskabet Sluseholmen”) is the property company that owns the site in 
Copenhagen on which the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group will build its new headquarters. 
1.3 
Strategy and Group future 
Arbejdernes Landsbank’s acquisition of the majority shareholding in Vestjysk Bank is part of realisation of the Arbejdernes 
Landsbank Group’s 2025 strategy to spread the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group’s geographical presence, increase the 
customer base and take a stronger position in the business segment based on growth in own business and acquisitions.  
The increase of Arbejdernes Landsbank’s shareholding in Vestjysk Bank means that, in the future, the Group is expected to 
be able to play a larger role in the business customer market, and secure a better balance between private and business 
customers, so that the Group is in a stronger position to face future capital requirements for credit institutions. Furthermore, 
the Group now has a strong presence throughout Denmark. Thus, the Group has built the foundation for a new and stronger 
banking group to benefit customers, society and shareholders in Vestjysk Bank and Arbejdernes Landsbank. Furthermore, it 
is expected that the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group will be able to achieve efficiency improvements through continued 
investments in IT and optimisation of staff and support functions. Consequently, it is expected that the Group can realise 
some synergy potential and value creation over time by developing and increasing cooperation within the Group.  
The aim is to continue to have Arbejdernes Landsbank and Vestjysk Bank as two independent banks, each with their strong 
brands and focus.  
1.3.1 
Arbejdernes Landsbank’s strategy 
Implementation of Arbejdernes Landsbank’s Strategy 2025  
The strategy for Arbejdernes Landsbank is more customers and more satisfied customers and will be in three dimensions: (i) 
efficient banking activities, (ii) customer-oriented culture and (iii) a strong position in the sector. Focus up to 2025 is to forge 
a more efficient and profitable Arbejdernes Landsbank. This will seek to be achieved on the basis of focus on a customer-
oriented culture with high customer satisfaction, more customers, a strong brand and responsible banking activities. 
Arbejdernes Landsbank welcomes all customers, and on the basis of Arbejdernes Landsbank’s good reputation among 
customers, Arbejdernes Landsbank is dedicated to developing its organisation and its services at a rate that matches 
customers’ expectations and needs. A prerequisite for this is that all employees in Arbejdernes Landsbank have a strong focus 
on ensuring that Arbejdernes Landsbank has a close dialogue with its customers.  
For their more everyday needs, it is the view of Arbejdernes Landsbank that customers want a broad range of digital services 
and their expectations for accessibility – both physically and online – are increasing. Further, Arbejdernes Landsbank believes 
that customers expect their bank to be proactive and to meet them with specific recommendations for how their finances can 
best be organised. Customers want to be spoken to at their level and in a way that makes their choices easy and safe. 
Customers have a very clear desire for personal advisory services with a dedicated advisor, but they can have different wishes 
as to whether the relationship should primarily be online or in person. Arbejdernes Landsbank believes that this trend will 
continue into the future, and therefore it will continue to be a cornerstone in Arbejdernes Landsbank’s strategy.  
The goal of Arbejdernes Landsbank is that the customers of Arbejdernes Landsbank always experience Arbejdernes 
Landsbank as a responsible and attentive partner, able to present a message in a simple and easy understandable manner. 
Arbejdernes Landsbank wants to be close to its customers and the financial situation of its customers in all phases of life – 
both in good times and bad times.  
Arbejdernes Landsbank’s future services for customers is expected to help creating a better balance between the service a 
customer experiences and the costs associated with supplying the service. In the future, a crucial part of this will be to be able 
to offer customers a digital empathetic bank. 
1.3.2 
Vestjysk Bank’s strategy 
Vestjysk Bank wants to create a positive development for Vestjysk Bank’s customers and stimulate activity in the local 
community Vestjysk Bank is a part of. This means that Vestjysk Bank has focus on and takes responsibility for development 
in the local area through its ambition to be Denmark's strongest local bank.  
Following Vestjysk Bank’s merger with Den Jyske Sparekasse, Vestjysk Bank now has the size and strength to focus even 
more on attracting new customers and to target advice for existing customers.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
This will continue to take outset in Vestjysk Bank’s branches, of which Vestjysk Bank will increase business through targeted 
work to attract new private customers and business customers, and through further business with current customers, including 
within the areas of leasing and investments.  
Furthermore, Vestjysk Bank’s will have particular focus on attracting new larger business customers for the large customer 
department and, in particular, for growth in the Vestjysk Bank’s specialist areas, where renewable energy is expected to 
contribute to growth in the extent of the Vestjysk Bank’s business.  
Similarly, Vestjysk Bank will target work on strengthening fisheries and agriculture. These are areas in which Vestjysk Bank 
has a high market share and strong competences. Hence, there will be a continued focus on developments in these sectors. 
1.3.3 
AL Finans’ strategy 
During 2021, AL Finans has maintained its focused market and product strategy. DKK 5.3 bn., equal to 78 per cent. of other 
receivables on the balance sheet of AL Finans is related to loan and leasing financing for cars for private and business 
customers, and DKK 1.5 bn., equal to 22 per cent. of other receivables on the balance sheet is related to factoring and 
purchasing outstanding receivables from businesses.  
A few years ago, all transactions in AL Finans concerning car financing came from collaboration with a large number of car 
dealers. In recent years, in parallel with the car dealer channel, a collaboration with Arbejdernes Landsbank has been 
developed for private car loans as well as a number of digital channels for direct loan applications from private car buyers. 
AL Finans has a particularly strong position in leasing financing for cars, with increasing volume. Overall, the market position 
of AL Finans for car financing has become stronger and more widely grounded in recent years.  
AL Finans is currently working on responding to expected major changes in the car market in the years to come, with 
electrification, new mobility solutions and self-driving cars. With its green car loans, AL Finans has achieved a satisfactory 
market share for financing electric and plug-in hybrid cars, and in the future AL Finans will attempt to further develop a 
strong green profile.  
In addition to the above, AL Finans has had a strong focus on process optimisation in 2021 and is conducting a major renewal 
of the entire IT-infrastructure on the basis of a new enterprise resource planning (ERP) system.  
In general, AL Finans has been able to improve its market share in the majority of AL Finans’ market segments during 2021, 
and the total loan balance of AL Finans has increased by 17 per cent. over the year. 
1.4 
Business Segments 
The Arbejdernes Landsbank Group consists of four business segments: Customer activities, investment activities, Vestjysk 
Bank and other activities.  
Customer activities are defined as:  
 
all business transactions/trading conducted with customers, where the Group generates earnings in the form of 
interest-rate differentials, commissions, fees or additional brokerage fees;  
 
returns on equity investments relating to customer activities; and  
 
returns on derivative transactions entered into in order to hedge a market risk on customer activities. 
Investment activities are defined as activities related to treasury and liquidity management. 
Vestjysk Bank is defined as all activity in Vestjysk Bank. 
Other activities are defined as:  
 
Returns on equity investments not related to customer activities.  
 
Property management.  
 
Other activities  
Selected information about the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group’s business segments as of the year 2021 is presented in the 
table below:

--- Page 78 ---
78 
Business segments 
  
  
  
Profit before tax 
Assets 
  
DKKm 
DKKm 
Customer activities 
625.7 
34,618.0 
Investment activities 
177.7 
26,327.7 
Vestjysk Bank 
281.6 
43,289.1 
Other activities1 
293.2 
3,225.8 
Total 
1,378.2 
107,460.6 
1 Until 31 May 2021, earnings of Vestjysk Bank have been included in “Other activities” under the item “Profit from equity investments in associated 
companies”, at DKK 76.7 mill. for 2021. 
 
Customer activities together with the new segment, Vestjysk Bank, is expected to constitute the majority of the business 
activities of the Group in the future. However, Vestjysk Bank is only included as a subsidiary in the Arbejdernes Landsbank 
Group's annual report as from 31 May 2021, which corresponds to seven months’ earnings.  
Both segments continue to grow in customers and business scope. Moreover, a high level of activity within the provision of 
mortgage-credit loans and assets management also had a positive effect. At the same time, there is a reduction in the need for 
impairment charges on loans to customers, etc. related to Covid-19, and this has also had a positive impact. Investment 
activities were better than expected in 2021, compared with 2020, when Covid-19 had a significant negative impact and led 
to major losses on the Group’s bond portfolio.  
Other activities include the Group’s properties, certain sector-related shares and associates (which until 31 May 2021 also 
included Vestjysk Bank). Furthermore, bad will of DKK 328.6 mill. in connection with the acquisition of the majority 
shareholding in Vestjysk Bank was a major non-recurring income item in the financial year 2021. 
1.5 
Associated companies 
Arbejdernes Landsbank Group has equity investments in a number of associated companies. As of 31 December 2021, 
Arbejdernes Landsbank Group’s held 50 per cent. of the partnership interests in KGH Property I/S. and Arbejdernes 
Landsbank held 39 per cent. of the shares in Testaviva ApS. Further, other associated companies in which the Group has 
significant shareholdings include &Money Aps, Thise Udviklingsselskab Aps, HN Invest Tyskland 1 A/S under frivillig 
likvidation and EgnsINVEST Tyske ejendomme A/S. 
1.6 
Business partners 
The Arbejdernes Landsbank Group is member of BEC (BEC Financial Technologies). BEC is characterized by having a 
large number of member banks which together with Arbejdernes Landsbank and Vestjysk Bank, contribute to develop the 
capacity required for future banking operations of BEC member banks.  
Other important business partners in various product and advisory service areas include: 
 
Totalkredit A/S (mortgage-credit institution) 
 
DLR Kredit A/S (mortgage-credit institution) 
 
Tryg Forsikring A/S (also operating under the secondary name Alka Forsikring A/S) (non-life insurance) 
 
Forsikringsselskabet Privatsikring A/S (non-life insurance) 
 
Vestjylland Forsikring GS (non-life insurance) 
 
ID-Sparinvest, the Danish branch of Sparinvest S.A., Luxembourg (investment associations) 
 
BI Asset Management Fondsmæglerselskab A/S (investment associations) 
 
Nærpension Forsikringsformidling A/S (life insurance and pension products provider) 
 
Lokal Puljeinvest (investment associations) 
 
Mastercard (payment services)

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
Bokis (procurement partnership in payment cards and payment services) 
 
MobilePay (shared mobile payment solution).  
1.7 
Financial statement 
The selected financial information provided below has been extracted from the audited consolidated financial statements as 
at and for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020. The audited consolidated financial statements as at 
and for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 are incorporated in this Prospectus by reference. See 
“Documents incorporated by reference”.  
The Group has therefore been generally affected by recognition of Vestjysk Bank in all items from 31 May 2021, as Vestjysk 
Bank was not previously included in the consolidated financial statements of Arbejdernes Landsbank. Vestjysk Bank has 
been included in the consolidated financial statements of Arbejdernes Landsbank for 2021 with earnings for seven months, 
covering the period from 1 June 2021 to 31 December 2021, amounting to DKK 281.6 mill. before tax. The period before 31 
May 2021 includes earnings from Vestjysk Bank totalling DKK 76.7 mill. as profit from equity investments in associated 
companies. 
 
Summary of Arbejdernes Landsbank Group 2021 and 2020 
  
2021 
2020 
Arbejdernes 
Landsbank 
Consolidated financial statement for Arbejdernes 
Landsbank Group consisting of:  
Consolidated financial statement for Arbejdernes 
Landsbank Group consisting of:  
  
  
1) Arbejdernes Landsbank 
1) Arbejdernes Landsbank 
2) AL Finans 
2) AL Finans 
3) Ejendomsselskabet Sluseholmen  
3) Ejendomsselskabet Sluseholmen  
4) Vestjysk Bank (from 31 May 2021) 
  
  
  
The 2020 consolidated financial statement does 
not include comparative figures that include 
Vestjysk Bank 
  
Vestjysk Bank 
Financial statement of Vestjysk Bank (including 
the financial statement of Den Jyske Sparekasse 
from 13 January 2021) 
Financial statement of Vestjysk Bank (which does 
not include any consolidated subsidiaries) 
  
  
The 2021 financial statement of Vestjysk Bank 
does not include comparative figures that include 
Den Jyske Sparekasse 
  
 
The income statement for the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 with comparative 
figures for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 as well as selected balance sheet items, financial ratios and key figures 
are presented below: 
Income Statement 
  
2021 
2020 
  
DKKm 
DKKm 
Interest income calculated using the effective interest-rate method 
1,500.7 
1,008.8 
Other interest income 
98.4 
98.1 
Positive interest expenses on financial liabilities 
194.3 
54.1 
Interest expenses 
-93.1 
-52.4 
Negative interest income on financial assets 
-57.6 
-38.4

--- Page 80 ---
80 
Net interest income 
1,642.7 
1,070.1 
Dividends from shares etc. 
48.0 
57.0 
Fee and commission income 
1,290.1 
799.4 
Fees and commissions paid 
-93.4 
-100.0 
Net interest and fee income 
2,887.4 
1,826.6 
Value adjustments 
245.4 
227.9 
Other operating income 
412.2 
70,0 
Staff and administrative expenses 
-2,213.6 
-1,604.5 
Amortisation/depreciation as well as impairments on intangible assets and property, plant 
and equipment 
-160.2 
-108.1 
Other operating expenses 
-50.6 
-54.4 
Impairments on loans and receivables etc. 
162.3 
-78.6 
Profit from equity investments in associated companies and group companies 
95.3 
103.1 
Profit before tax 
1,378.2 
382.0 
Tax 
-49.4 
-52.0 
Profit for the year 
1,328.9 
330.0 
  
  
  
Broken down by: 
  
  
Shareholders of Arbejdernes Landsbank 
1,179.0 
291.1 
Holders of Additional Tier 1 instruments 
44.3 
38.9 
Minority interests 
105.6 
0.0 
Profit for the year 
1,328.9 
330.0 
  
  
  
Earnings per share 
  
  
Earnings per share (DKK) *) 
0.94 
994.90 
Diluted earnings per share (DKK) *) 
0.94 
994.90 
*) In connection with the capital increase in the first half-year of 2021, the nominal denomination of the share has been changed from DKK 1,000 to 
DKK 1. 
 
Financial highlights - Arbejdernes Landsbank's Group 
  
2021 
2020 
Selected balance sheet items 
DKKm 
DKKm 
Loans and other receivables at amortised cost 
41,958.3 
23,817.7 
Bonds at fair value 
28,116.2 
21,902.5 
Total assets 
107,460.6 
62,913.3 
Deposits incl. pooled schemes 
89,236.6 
52,044.6 
Equity 
11,852.9 
7,125.2 
Selected financial ratios and key figures 
% 
% 
Own funds ratio 
18.2 
20.6 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio 
14.9 
17.0 
Return on equity before tax 
14.8 
5.5 
Return on equity after tax 
13.9 
4.7 
Ratio of operating income to operating expenses per DKK 
1.61 
1.21 
Liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) 
249.4 
274.1 
Impairment ratio for the year 
0.5 
0.2 
Lending growth for the year 
76.2 
4.6 
The subsidiary Vestjysk Bank has been included in the financial highlights for the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group from 31 May 2021.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
1.8 
Danish Banking Market 
The Danish banking market is characterized by several Danish institutions and branches of foreign institutions. In recent 
years, the number of Danish institutions has been reduced from 69 in 2019 to 60 in 2022 due to increased consolidation. 
Since 2019, the number of foreign institutions has been relatively constant around 28 institutions.  
The Danish FSA categorises the Danish institutions based on their working capital. Group 1 institutions have a working 
capital above DKK 75 bn. and account for the largest nationwide banks in Denmark (Danske Bank, Jyske Bank, Sydbank, 
Nykredit, and Spar Nord). Group 2 consists of nine institutions with working capital above DKK 15 bn., of which Arbejdernes 
Landsbank is one of the largest along with Ringkjøbing Landbobank and Sparekassen Danmark. Typically, Group 2 
institutions are characterised by having a regional focus. Group 3 and 4 includes around 40 local institutions in Denmark.  
The primary competitors of Arbejdernes Landsbank are the institutions in Group 1, especially in the large urban areas. The 
competition varies locally and depends on the specific area. Outside the urban areas the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group 
experiences varying competition especially from local institutions deeply rooted in and with a strong market position in the 
local area.  
1.9 
The Board of Directors of Arbejdernes Landsbank 
The Board of Directors of Arbejdernes Landsbank is composed of 12 members, including eight elected by the general meeting 
and four elected by the employees. The term of office for members elected by the general meeting is one year, and for the 
employee representatives four years.  
As at the date of this Prospectus, Arbejdernes Landsbank’s Board of Directors consists of:  
1.9.1 
Claus Jensen 
 
Claus Jensen was born in 1964 and is currently the Trade Union President of Danish Metalworkers’ 
Union. Member of the Board of Directors since 2013. Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors from 
2015-2021. Chairman of the Board of Directors since 2022. Member of the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee. Member of the Audit Committee. Chairman of the Advisory Board of 
Representatives. 
 
 
Qualifications:  
 
Management, HR, and Strategy  
 
Management, HR and Strategy 
 
Macroeconomic and Accounting 
 
Credit matters 
 
Business model and Customer 
base 
 
Operational risks and IT 
 
Member of:  
 
Board 
of 
Representatives 
of 
Danmarks Nationalbank 
 
Think Tank EUROPA 
 
Danish Economic Council 
 
Board of Byggefonden - the 
Danish Museum of Science & 
Technology (Vice Chairman) 
 
Member of the board of:  
 
AE - Economic Council of the Labour 
Movement 
 
AKF Holding A/S 
 
A/S A-Pressen 
 
Industriansatte i Norden, IN (President) 
 
Industriens Pensionsforsikring A/S 
 
Industriens Pension Service A/S 
 
Industripension Holding A/S 
 
FH – Danish Trade Union Confederation 
 
Sund og Bælt Holding A/S 
 
Øresundsbro Konsortiet I/S 
 
Central Organisation of Industrial Employees 
(President) 
 
Odense Havn A/S 
 
IndustriALL European Trade Union (Vice 
President) 
 
Vestjysk Bank A/S 
 
Arbejdernes Landsbank Fond 
 
1.9.2 
Ole Wehlast 
 
Ole Wehlast was born in 1959 and is currently the Trade Union President of Fødevareforbundet NNF. 
Member of the Board of Directors since 2016. Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors since 2022. 
 
Qualifications:  
 
Management, HR and Strategy 
 
Macroeconomic and Accounting 
 
Financial regulation 
 
Credit matters 
 
Business model and Customer 
base 
 
Member of the board of:  
 
Dansk Folkeferie Fonden 
 
AE – Economic Council of the Labour 
Movement 
 
Københavns Bagerafdelings Fond 
 
Board of Representatives of ATP 
 
(Arbejdsmarkedets Tillægspension) 
 
FH – Danish Trade Union Confederation

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
The GDV Secretariat 
 
Arbejdernes Landsbank Fond 
 
1.9.3 
Torben Möger Pedersen 
 
Torben Möger Pedersen was born in 1955 and is currently the CEO of PensionDanmark A/S at 
PensionDanmark Holding A/S. Member of the Board of Directors since 2013. Chairman of the Audit 
Committee. Member of and Risk Committee.  
 
Qualifications:  
 
Management, HR and Strategy 
 
Macroeconomic and Accounting 
 
Market risk and Liquidity 
 
Financial regulation 
 
Credit matters 
 
Business model and Customer 
base 
 
Operational risks and IT 
Member of the board of:  
 
Copenhagen Business School (Chairman) 
 
Danish Society for Education and Business – 
DSEB (Chairman) 
 
Gefion Gymnasium (Chairman) 
 
Handletanken CIP Fonden (Chairman) 
 
Danish SDG Investment Fund 
 
Foreningen 
til 
udvikling 
af 
bestyrelsesarbejde i Danmark 
 
Danish Insurance Association 
 
Hedorfs Fond 
 
Det Udenrigspolitiske Selskab 
 
Climate Partnership for the Financial Sector 
(Chairman) 
 
PensionDanmark 
Group 
subsidiaries 
(Chairman) 
 
Arbejdernes Landsbank Fond 
 
1.9.4 
Lars Andersen 
 
Lars Andersen was born in 1958 and us currently Managing Director of AE – Economic Council of 
the Labour Movement. Member of the Board of Directors since 2009. Chairman of the Risk 
Committee. Member of Audit Committee.  
 
Qualifications:  
 
Management, HR and Strategy 
 
Macroeconomic and Accounting 
 
Market risk and Liquidity 
 
Financial regulation 
 
Credit matters 
 
Business model and Customer 
base 
 
Operational risks  
Member of the board of:  
 
Industriens Pensionsforsikring A/S 
 
Statistics, Denmark 
 
Foreningen Divérs 
 
Arbejdernes Landsbank Fond 
 
1.9.5 
Christian Riewe 
 
Christian Riewe was born in 1975 and is currently Lawyer (H) and a partner in Advokatfirmaet Bjørs. 
Member of the Board of Directors since 2017. Chairman of the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee. Member of the Risk Committee.  
 
Qualifications:  
 
Qualifications: 
 
Management, HR and Strategy 
 
Macroeconomic and Accounting 
 
Credit matters 
 
Business model and Customer 
base 
Member of the board of:  
 
Friis-Holm Chokolade A/S (Chairman) 
 
KLC A/S (Chairman) 
 
Re Energy Properties A/S 
 
RE Energy ApS 
 
Toftegaard Biler A/S 
 
Shopbox ApS 
 
Anchersen A/S 
 
Vridsløsemagle Turistfart ApS 
 
Arbejdernes Landsbank Fond 
 
1.9.6 
Ulla Sørensen 
 
Ulla Sørensen was born in 1957 and is currently the Treasurer for 3F United Federation of Danish 
Workers. Member of the Board of Directors since 2020. Member of the Audit Committee. 
 
 
Qualifications:  
 
Management, HR and Strategy 
 
Macroeconomic and Accounting 
 
Market risk and Liquidity 
Member of the board of:  
 
S/I Arbejdsmarkedets Erhvervssikring 
 
Rørvig Centret A/S 
 
AOF Denmark

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
Business model and Customer 
base 
 
Member of: 
 
PensionDanmarks 
branchebestyrelse 
Organisationsansatte 
 
 
Fonden LO-Skoler Helsingør 
 
Arbejdernes Landsbank Fond 
 
 
1.9.7 
Lizette Risgaard 
 
Lizette Risgaard was born in 1960 and is currently the President of FH – Danish Trade Union 
Confederation. Member of the Board of Directors since 2016. Member of the Nomination and 
Remuneration. Committee 
 
 
Qualifications:  
 
Management, HR and Strategy 
 
Macroeconomic and Accounting 
 
Financial regulation 
 
Credit matters 
 
Business model and Customer 
base 
Member of the board of:  
 
AE – Economic Council of the Labour 
Movement 
 
Arbejdsmarkedets Tillægspension – ATP 
 
LD 
(Lønmodtagernes 
Dyrtidsfond) 
(Chairman) 
 
Internationale Faglige Sammenslutning, IFS 
 
(Vice President) 
 
European Trade Union Confederation, 
 
ETUC, Executive Committee 
 
Council of Nordic Trade Unions (NFS) 
 
Danish Economic Council 
 
A/S A-Pressen (Chairman) 
 
Board of Representatives of Danmarks 
Nationalbank 
 
Trade Union Advisory Committee (TUAC) 
(Vice President) 
 
Højstrupfonden 
 
Arbejdernes Landsbank Fond 
 
1.9.8 
Anja C. Jensen 
 
Anja C. Jensen was born in 1970 and is currently the trade union president of HK Danmark. Member 
of the Board of Directors since 2022. 
 
 
Qualifications:  
 
Management, HR, and Strategy 
 
Digitization 
 
Organization 
 
Employment 
legislation 
and 
collective agreements 
 
Negotiation and consultancy  
 
 
Member of the board of:  
 
HK Danmark 
 
HK Danmarks Uddannelsesfond 
 
ASX 7 Aps 
 
Fagbevægelsens Hovedorganisation 
 
Arbejderbevægelsens Erhvervsråd 
 
ATP 
 
Lønmodtagernes Garantifond 
 
Arbejdsmarkedets Fond for Udstationerede 
 
ATP Seniorpension 
 
A/S A-Pressen 
 
Copenhagen Business Academy 
 
Danske Erhvervsskoler og -Gymnasier-
Bestyrelserne (Pending) 
 
Fonden for Entreprenørskab 
 
Nordisk Handelskomité 
 
U/Nord 
 
Arbejdernes Landsbank Fond 
 
AKF Holding A/S 
 
1.9.9 
Lars Holst 
 
Lars Holst was born in 1952 and is currently a board member in different corporations and 
organizations. Member of the Board of Directors since 2022.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
Qualifications:  
 
Management, HR, and Strategy 
 
Macroeconomic and Accounting 
 
Credit matters  
Member of the board of:  
 
Arbejdernes Landsbanks Fond 
 
Vestjysk Bank 
 
AG Construction A/S 
 
AG Development A/S 
 
AG Gruppen A/S 
 
AG Investments A/S 
 
Grønlandsbanken 
 
Vækstfonden 
 
1.9.10 
Yvonne Hansen 
 
Yvonne Hansen was born in 1964 and is currently a Pension Manager at A/S Arbejdernes Landsbank. 
Employee-elected member of the Board of Directors since 2016. Member of the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee (only remuneration issues).  
 
Qualifications:  
 
Management, HR and Strategy 
 
Macroeconomic and Accounting 
 
Market risk and Liquidity 
 
Financial regulation 
 
Credit matters 
 
Business model and Customer 
base 
 
Operational risks and IT 
Member of the board of: 
 
Arbejdernes Landsbank Fond 
 
1.9.11 
Jesper Pedersen  
 
Jesper Pedersen was born in 1979 and is currently a Senior Shop Steward at A/S Arbejdernes 
Landsbank. Employee-elected member of the Board of Directors since 2014.  
 
Qualifications:  
 
Management, HR and Strategy 
 
Macroeconomic and Accounting 
 
Market risk and Liquidity 
 
Financial regulation 
 
Credit matters 
 
Business model and Customer 
base 
 
Operational risks and IT 
Member of the board of:  
 
HK/Privat: 
Board 
for 
the 
collective 
agreement group Organisationer og Finans 
A/S (Vice Chairman) and Sector Board in 
HK. 
 
Arbejdernes Landsbank Fond 
 
1.9.12 
Nadia Lind Bøgh Karlsen  
 
Nadia Lind Bøgh Karlsen was born in 1971 and is currently an AML Officer at A/S Arbejdernes 
Landsbank. Employee-elected member of the Board of Directors since 2020.  
 
 
Qualifications:  
 
Management, HR and Strategy 
 
Market risk and Liquidity 
 
Credit matters 
 
Business model and Customer 
base 
 
Operational risks and IT 
Member of the board of: 
 
Arbejdernes Landsbank Fond 
 
1.9.13 
Tina Holm 
 
Tina Holm was born in 1986 and is currently a financial advisor at A/S Arbejdernes Landsbank. 
Employee-elected member of the Board of Directors since 2018.  
 
Qualifications:  
 
Management, HR and Strategy 
 
Macroeconomic and Accounting 
 
Market risk and Liquidity 
 
Business model and Customer 
base 
Member of the board of: 
 
Arbejdernes Landsbank Fond 
 
In accordance with the Recommendations on Corporate Governance of 2 December 2020 published by the Danish Committee 
on Corporate Governance, at least half of Arbejdernes Landsbank’s members of the Board of Directors elected by the general

--- Page 85 ---
85 
meeting are considered independent. Board members considered independent are stated in the Arbejdernes Landsbank 2021 
Annual Report. 
1.10 
The Executive Management of Arbejdernes Landsbank  
The Executive Management of Arbejdernes Landsbank is composed of five persons. 
 
1.10.1 
Gert R. Jonassen 
 
Gert R. Jonassen was born in 1959 and is currently the CEO of Arbejdernes Landsbank.  
 
Member of the board of:  
 
Ejendomsselskabet Sluseholmen A/S (Chairman)  
 
BEC Financial Technologies a.m.b.a. (Vice Chairman)  
 
Vestjysk Bank A/S 
 
PensionDanmark Holding A/S  
 
PensionDanmark A/S  
 
Pras A/S  
 
Landsdækkende Banker  
 
The Danish Green Investment Fund (Vice Chairman)  
 
 
1.10.2 
Jan W. Andersen 
 
Jan W. Andersen was born in 1958 and is currently the Deputy CEO of Arbejdernes Landsbank.  
 
Member of the board of:  
 
AL Finans A/S (Chairman) 
 
Ejendomsselskabet Sluseholmen A/S  
 
Danish Labour Market Fund for Posted Workers, AFU  
 
Arbejdsmarkedets Tillægspension – ATP  
 
BI Holding A/S  
 
Forvaltningsinstituttet for Lokale Pengeinstitutter (Vice-Chairman)  
 
Lønmodtagernes Garantifond 
 
Seniorpensionsenheden  
 
VP Securites A/S + Chairman of the Risk Committee 
 
 
1.10.3 
Svend Randers 
 
Svend Randers was born in 1968 and is currently Executive Bank Director of Business of 
Arbejdernes Landsbank.  
 
Member of the board of:  
 
AL Finans A/S (Vice Chairman)  
 
Lokal Puljeinvest 
 
Finanssektorens Uddannelsescenter  
 
Kooperationen 
 
 
1.10.4 
Simon S. Jørgensen 
 
Simon S. Jørgensen was born in 1973 and is currently Executive Bank director of Business 
Development, HR, and IT of Arbejdernes Landsbank.  
 
Member of the board of:  
 
TestaViva DK ApS  
 
Ejendomsselskabet Sluseholmen A/S  
 
&Money ApS  
 
AL Finans A/S 
 
 
1.10.5 
Frank Mortensen 
 
Frank Mortensen was born in 1974 and is currently Executive Bank director and CFO of Arbejdernes 
Landsbank.  
 
Member of the board of:  
 
DLR Kredit A/S  
 
AL Finans A/S  
 
Ejendomsselskabet Sluseholmen A/S 
 
Nærpension Forsikringsformidling A/S

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
The business address of the members of Arbejdernes Landsbank’s Board of Directors and Executive Management is 
Vesterbrogade 5, DK-1620 Copenhagen V, Denmark. 
There are no potential conflicts of interests between any duties to Arbejdernes Landsbank of any members of the Board of 
Directors and the Executive Management and their private interests and other duties. 
2 
Capital and solvency need 
2.1 
New Group Structure 
Arbejdernes Landsbank’s acquisition of Vestjysk Bank has had significant impact on developments in the Group’s capital 
position in 2021. On 31 May 2021, Arbejdernes Landsbank became the majority shareholder of Vestjysk Bank with an 
ownership interest as of 9 July 2021 of 72.7 per cent. of the share capital and voting rights in Vestjysk Bank.  
In order to raise capital for the acquisition of Vestjysk Bank, on 14 April 2021 Arbejdernes Landsbank launched an increase 
of its share capital by offering 1.8 bn. new shares of DKK 1 nominal value. Consequently, the total share capital of 
Arbejdernes Landsbank now amounts to DKK 2.1 bn. As expected, as a result the Group was designated as a SIFI 
(systemically important financial institution) by the Danish FSA in June 2021. The designation as a SIFI means that, from 
the end of 2022, the Group will be subject to a SIFI capital buffer of 1.0 percentage point.  
The Group must meet the SIFI buffer requirement with Common Equity Tier 1 capital. The Group’s status as a SIFI means 
that the Group is covered by the regulations for SIFIs, including requirements for a SIFI capital buffer of 1.0 per cent. 
2.2 
Capital management 
Capital management is based on the EU Capital Requirements Regulation (“CRR”), which entered into force on 1 January 
2014 and has direct legal effect in Denmark and the EU Capital Requirements Directive (“CRD”) and the EU Recovery and 
Resolution Directive (“BRRD”), which have both been implemented into Danish law. As part of capital management, the 
Group has drawn up a capital plan to ensure that the Group has sufficient capital to comply with current legislation and at all 
times meet its own solvency targets. The legislation concerns: 
 
Calculation of capital, risk exposures and capital requirements. 
 
Calculation of individual solvency need. 
 
Disclosure requirements. 
The Group’s capital plan has been supplemented by a recovery plan comprising a number of relevant risk and capital 
indicators for the Group with associated limit values, stress test scenarios and recovery measures to ensure that the Group is 
able to identify problems in time and implement measures to ensure the viability of the Group. The Group regularly monitors 
developments in risk indicators. 
Based on legal requirements and the limit values for capital indicators set in the recovery plan, the Group has set a capital 
target covering the solvency need plus the capital conservation buffer and the SIFI capital buffer, as well as an additional 
excess cover of 5.0 percentage points. The capital target corresponds to the yellow light indicator in the recovery plan and 
ensures that the Group can absorb future capital requirements in the form of a fully phased-in countercyclical capital buffer. 
27.3 per cent. of the shares in Vestjysk Bank are held by minority shareholders. Furthermore, other minority interests in 
Vestjysk Bank include owners of Additional Tier 1 instruments amounting to DKK 300.7 mill. and Tier 2 instruments 
amounting to DKK 597.7 mill. as of 31 December 2021. Minority shareholders’ and other minority interests’ share of the 
capital in Vestjysk Bank may only be recognised in consolidated own funds at an amount corresponding to the minority 
interests’ share of the total capital requirement in Vestjysk Bank. When determining the Group’s capital targets, the Group 
recognises capital from minority interests corresponding to the minority interests’ share of capital targets set for Vestjysk 
Bank. Due to the restrictions on recognising minority interest capital in consolidated own funds, Arbejdernes Landsbank 
expects to become the issuer of all Additional Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital in the Group, and to regularly fund Vestjysk 
Bank according to its capital need. 
Non-preferred senior (“NPS”) instruments issued in Vestjysk Bank cannot be recognised in the consolidated MREL basis, 
and Arbejdernes Landsbank therefore similarly expects to become the issuer of all NPS instruments in the Group, and to 
regularly fund Vestjysk Bank according to its MREL capital need. 
The Group’s capital ratio target has been calculated at 17.4 per cent., after deduction for the minority interests’ share in 
Vestjysk Bank. With a capital ratio of 18.2 per cent. as of 31 December 2021, the Group thus has an excess cover of 0.8 
percentage points. Relative to the statutory requirement of 12.5 per cent., the excess cover is 5.7 percentage points.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
The Group’s capital requirement comprises as of the date of this Prospectus a solvency need of 10.0 per cent. and the 
combined capital buffer requirement of 2.5 per cent., which currently only consists of the capital conservation buffer of 2.5 
per cent., as the reactivation of the countercyclical capital buffer will not be effective until 30 September 2022. 
The long-term capital planning of the Group is based on economic projections taking account of the Group’s vision, but under 
different macro-economic and idiosyncratic stress scenarios and recognising the anticipated effects of future legislation. 
2.3 
Own Funds 
Overall, Group's own funds consist of Common Equity Tier 1 capital, Additional Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital. Own funds 
are calculated with a view to calculating capital ratios that help to express the Group’s capital excess cover in relation to the 
Group’s targets and regulatory capital requirements.  
The table below shows a calculation of own funds as of 31 December 2021 for the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group: 
Calculation of Group Own Funds at the end of 2021 
Transformation from equity to own funds 
DKKm 
Equity 
11,852.9 
Minority interests not included 
-649.8 
Additional Tier 1 capital including interest payable 
-754.5 
Proposed dividend 
-525.0 
Intangible assets 
-249.9 
Deferred tax assets 
-289.6 
Deductions for prudent valuation 
-31.2 
Deductions for non-performing exposures 
-87.8 
Capital instruments in financial entities 
-18.9 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital 
9,246.1 
Additional Tier 1 capital 
729.7 
Minority interests not included 
-50.3 
Capital instruments in financial entities 
0.0 
Tier 1 capital 
9,925.5 
Tier 2 capital 
1,497.7 
Minority interests not included 
-153.1 
Capital instruments in financial entities 
0.0 
Own funds 
11,270.2 
 
The Group has currently issued Additional Tier 1 capital amounting to DKK 729.7 mill., divided into five issues: three of 
DKK 429 mill., DKK 155 mill., and DKK 45.7 mill., respectively, as well as two issues of DKK 50 mill. each. 
Arbejdernes Landsbank has issued Additional Tier 1 capital at nominally DKK 429 mill., which was redeemed on 24 January 
2022 and replaced by new capital of the same quality and at the same amount. 
The Group has issued Tier 2 capital amounting to DKK 1,500 mill., divided into four issues of DKK 900 mill., DKK 250 
mill., DKK 225 mill. and DKK 125 mill., respectively. 
Additional Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital have been issued on terms that comply with the CRR requirements for recognition 
of own funds, and the Group has therefore recognised the capital issues in own funds. 
The table below shows the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group’s issuance of own funds as of 31 December 2021. All issuances 
meet the requirements laid down in the CRR. 
 
Arbejdernes Landsbank Group's issues of subordinated debt at the end of 2021 
  
ISIN 
Principal 
(DKKm) 
Issue date 
First call date 
Additional Tier 1 Capital1 
429.0 
22-01-2014 
22-01-2021 
Additional Tier 1 Capital 
  
45.7 
25-01-2021 
25-01-2026

--- Page 88 ---
88 
Additional Tier 1 Capital 
DK0030484118 
50.0 
12-03-2021 
12-03-2026 
Additional Tier 1 Capital 
DK0030421466 
50.0 
26-06-2018 
26-06-2023 
Additional Tier 1 Capital 
DK0030401195 
155.0 
16-08-2017 
16-08-2022 
Tier 2 Capital 
DK0030442892 
900.0 
21-05-2019 
21-05-2026 
Tier 2 Capital 
DK0030448311 
125.0 
28-08-2019 
28-08-2024 
Tier 2 Capital 
DK0030401005 
225.0 
16-08-2017 
16-08-2022 
Tier 2 Capital 
DK0030421540 
250.0 
26-06-2018 
26-06-2023 
1 As of 31 December 2021, the Additional Tier 1 capital had been called for full repayment. On 24 January 2022, the Additional Tier 1 capital was repaid 
in full, and at the same time, new Additional Tier 1 capital was issued of DKK 429.0 mill. which can be fully recognised in Arbejdernes Landsbank's and 
the Group's Tier 1 capital/own funds and with a first call date on 24 April 2029. 
2.4 
Risk exposure amount and capital ratios 
The total risk exposure amount (REA) is used to set the minimum capital requirement and to calculate the Group’s capital 
ratios, capital buffers, individual solvency needs and MREL requirement. This risk exposure represents the basis for 
determining the capital that must be reserved relative to the risk undertaken by the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group involving 
credit, market, and operational risks. 
The Arbejdernes Landsbank Group uses the following methods for calculating the risk exposure: 
 
The standardised approach for calculating credit risk. 
 
The standardised approach for calculating market risk. 
 
The market value method to calculate counterparty risk. 
 
The basic indicator approach to calculate operational risk. 
 
The standardised approach for calculating the CVA risk. 
 
Collateral in the form of securities according to the extended method. 
 
Collateral in the form of mortgages on real property and cash deposits with the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group. 
The table below shows capital ratios and the risk exposure amount for Arbejdernes Landsbank Group as of 31 December 
2021.  
Arbejdernes Landsbank Group's Total Risk Exposure Amount and Capital Ratios at the end of 2021 
Risk Exposure Amount 
DKKm 
Credit Risk 
47,973.0 
Market risk 
7,747.5 
Operational risk 
6,370.1 
Total risk exposure amount 
62,090.6 
Capital ratios 
% 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio 
14.9 
Tier 1 Capital Ratio 
16.0 
Own Funds Ratio 
18.2 
 
The Group’s capital ratio target has been calculated at 17.4 per cent., after deduction for the minority interests’ share in 
Vestjysk Bank. With a capital ratio of 18.2 per cent. as of 31 December 2021, the Group thus has an excess cover of 0.8 
percentage points. Relative to the statutory requirement of 12.5 per cent., the excess cover is 5.7 percentage points.  
2.5 
Individual solvency requirement 
The Danish Financial Business Act, the CRD and SREP guidelines determine the requirements for the individual solvency 
requirement and encompasses any additional capital requirements to cover risks which are not adequately covered by the 
minimum own funds requirement of 8 per cent according to CRR.  
Arbejdernes Landsbank uses the 8+ model which is based on a minimum requirement of 8 per cent. of the total risk exposure 
(pillar 1 requirement). Normal risks are assumed to be covered by the 8 per cent. capital requirement. Furthermore, the

--- Page 89 ---
89 
Arbejdernes Landsbank assesses the extent to which additional capital is needed to cover risk areas not included in the 8 per 
cent. requirement (pillar 2). The total capital need is obtained by adding together the capital need according to pillar 1 and 
pillar 2.  
The model is based on the “Guidelines on adequate own funds and solvency need for credit institutions” from the Danish 
FSA, which determines benchmarks and methods of calculation for any pillar 2 supplements within the following risk areas: 
Earnings, growth in lending, credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, leverage and regulatory maturity of 
capital instruments. Solvency need is calculated as the total capital need as a percentage of total risk exposure in accordance 
with the provisions of the CRR. 
The Board of Directors of Arbejdernes Landsbank determines adequate own funds and the individual solvency need for the 
Group. The Group assesses that the calculation of the total capital need is sufficient to cover the risks assumed by the Group. 
The table below shows the calculation of the solvency need for Arbejdernes Landsbank Group as of 31 December 2021. 
Adequate Own Funds/Solvency Need by Risk Area at the end of 2021 
  
DKKm 
% of Risk Exposure Amount 
Minimum 8 % requirement 
Credit risk 
3,837.8 
6.2  
Market risk 
619.8 
1.0 
Operational risk 
509.6 
0.8 
Total 
4,967.2 
8.0 
Pillar II add-on to solvency need 
Credit risk 
515.7 
0.8 
Market risk 
520.8 
0.8 
Operational risk  
155.4 
0.3 
Other risks 
20.7 
0.0 
Total Pillar II add-on 
1,212.6 
2.0 
Adequate own funds/solvency need 
6,179.8  
10.0  
 
The Group’s sufficient own funds as of 31 December 2021 have been calculated at DKK 6,179.8 million. This corresponds 
to a solvency need ratio of 10.0 per cent. DKK 4,353.5 million of the sufficient own funds is assigned to credit risk. In 
addition, DKK 1,140.6 million of the sufficient own funds is assigned to market risk. DKK 665.0 million is assigned to 
operational risk. The remaining DKK 20.7 million is assigned to other risks. 
2.6 
Combined buffer requirement 
As a result of implementation of CRD in the Danish Financial Business Act, the Group is obliged to comply with the 
combined capital buffer requirement, which for the Group currently consists of a capital conservation buffer and the 
countercyclical capital buffer. The capital buffer requirement can only be met through Common Equity Tier 1 capital. Non-
compliance with the capital buffer requirement will result in restrictions on the Group’s possibilities to pay dividends and 
make other distributions.  
With the designation as a SIFI, the Group must meet a SIFI buffer requirement of 1 per cent. of the total risk exposure at the 
end of 2022. The SIFI buffer is set on the basis of the Group’s systemic importance and must be met through Common Equity 
Tier 1 capital. 
The capital conservation buffer helps to ensure a more robust financial sector in terms of capital and constitutes a fixed capital 
requirement of 2.5 per cent. of the total risk exposure. The countercyclical capital buffer is set by the Minister for Industry, 
Business and Financial Affairs after recommendations from The Systemic Risk Council and may be in the range of 0.0 per 
cent. to 2.5 per cent. of the total risk exposure. The countercyclical capital buffer will be activated in individual countries in 
the EU/EEA area, if supervisory authorities in these countries assess that lending growth is causing higher macro-economic 
risks. In June 2021, the Minister for Industry, Business and Financial Affairs decided that the countercyclical capital buffer 
is to be reactivated at a rate of 1.0 per cent. from 30 September 2022. On 14 December 2021, The Systemic Risk Council 
recommended a further increase in the countercyclical capital buffer rate to 2.0 per cent. from 31 December 2022 and on 29 
March 2022 the Systemic Risk Council recommended a further increase of the buffer rate of 0.5 percentage points to 2.5 per 
cent. In December 2021, the Minister for Industry, Business and Financial Affairs decided to further increase the 
countercyclical capital buffer to 2.0 per cent. from the end of 2022. On 30 March 2022, the Minister for Industry, Business

--- Page 90 ---
90 
and Financial Affairs decided to further increase the countercyclical capital buffer to 2.5 per cent. with effect from 31 March 
2023.  
The institution-specific countercyclical capital buffer for the Group is calculated on the basis of the Group’s geographical 
distribution of credit exposures. For countries in which credit exposures exceed 2.0 per cent. of total credit exposures, the 
Group must reserve capital that matches the level of the countercyclical capital buffer in the country in question. 
Geographical Distribution of Credit Exposures at the end of 2021 
  
General 
credit 
exposures 
Exposures in the trading 
portfolio 
Total 
  
DKKm 
DKKm 
DKKm 
% 
Denmark 
71,561.4 
26,892.5 
98,453.9 
95.3 
Germany 
299.7 
1,688.2 
1,987.8 
1.9 
Other countries *) 
365.2 
2,477.1 
2,842.3 
2.8 
Total 
72,226.3 
31,057.8 
103,284.1 
100.0 
*) “Other countries” refers to all exposures, excluding Germany, which amount to less than 2.0% of total general credit exposures and exposures in the 
trading portfolio. These are ascribed to Denmark when calculating the institution-specific countercyclical capital buffer. 
 
Geographical Distribution of Own Funds Requirement at the end of 2021 
  
General credit exposures 
Exposures in the trading 
portfolio 
Total 
  
DKKm 
DKKm 
DKKm 
% 
Denmark 
3,741.9 
275.3 
4,017.2 
96.7 
Germany 
22.2 
12.4 
34.6 
0.8 
Other countries *) 
27.8 
73.7 
101.6 
2.4 
Total 
3,791.9 
361.5 
4,153.4 
100.0 
*) “Other countries” refers to all exposures, excluding Germany, which amount to less than 2.0% of total general credit exposures and exposures in the 
trading portfolio. These are ascribed to Denmark when calculating the institution-specific countercyclical capital buffer. 
 
The Group only has exposures exceeding 2.0 per cent. in Denmark. Denmark has not yet activated its countercyclical buffer. 
Consequently, the countercyclical capital buffer amounts to 0.0 per cent. for the Group. 
The Combined Buffer Requirement 
Total risk exposure amount (DKKm) 
62,090.6 
  
  
Capital conservation buffer rate (%) 
2.50 
Institution-specific countercyclical capital buffer rate (%) 
0.0 
  
  
Capital conservation buffer rate (DKKm) 
1,552.3 
Institution-specific countercyclical capital buffer rate (DKKm) 
0.0 
The combined buffer requirement (DKKm) 
1,552.3 
 
At the end of 2021, the combined capital buffer requirement consisted of the capital conservation buffer and was calculated 
at DKK 1,552.3 mill. The capital conservation buffer was calculated at 2.5 per cent. of the Group’s total risk exposure. The 
increase in the combined capital buffer requirement is attributable to the growth of total risk exposure, which has grown 
considerably after the acquisition by the Group of shares in Vestjysk Bank. 
The Danish FSA will set an indicative level of additional own funds for all banks to supplement the solvency need of the 
banks and ensure that they have sufficient capital to absorb potential losses resulting from a stress scenario, without getting 
into conflict with the solvency need (also known as the guidance on additional own funds). The indicative level must be 
maintained in addition to the combined capital buffer requirement. The Danish FSA has informed the Group that the 
indicative level is covered by the Group’s current own funds, and consequently, the indicative level of additional capital has 
been set at zero.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
2.7 
Excess cover in relation to the total capital requirement 
The Group’s capital ratio amounted to 18.2 per cent. at the end of 2021, corresponding to an excess cover of 5.7 percentage 
points relative to the total capital requirement of 12.5 per cent., comprising the solvency requirement of 8.0 per cent., the 
supplementary solvency need of 2.0 per cent. and the combined capital buffer requirement of 2.5 per cent. 
The solvency requirement of 8.0 per cent. must be covered by at least 4.5 per cent. Common Equity Tier 1 capital, while at 
least 6.0 per cent. of the solvency requirement must be covered by Tier 1 capital. Tier 2 capital may account for up to 2.0 per 
cent. Corresponding relative quality requirements for capital apply to the supplementary solvency need. The combined capital 
buffer requirement can only be covered by Common Equity Tier 1 capital. 
The table below shows that at the end of 2021, the Group had excess cover of DKK 4,217.7 mill. relative to the Common 
Equity Tier 1 capital requirement, and excess cover of DKK 3,738.4 mill. relative to the Tier 1 capital requirement. The 
excess cover for the Group’s total capital requirement is DKK 3,538.1 mill. The Group’s largest excess cover is thus in 
relation to Common Equity Tier 1 capital. 
Capital Composition in relation to Capital Requirements at the end of 2021 
  
Capital requirement Capital requirement Capital 
Surplus capital  
  
% 
DKKm 
DKKm 
DKKm 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital 
8.1 
5,028.4 
9,246.1 
4,217.7 
Tier 1 capital  
10.0 
6,187.1 
9,925.5 
3,738.4 
Own funds 
12.5 
7,732.0 
11,270.2 
3,538.1 
 
2.8 
MREL requirement 
According to the Danish Financial Business Act, the Danish FSA and Finansiel Stabilitet are responsible for preparing 
resolution plans for banks in distress. These plans state that a minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities 
(MREL) must be determined for the individual bank. The MREL will ensure that a bank in distress has sufficient eligible 
liabilities to cover losses in the bank and to recapitalise the bank so that critical functions can be continued without using 
public funds. For SIFIs, an individual resolution strategy has been drawn up. The overall aim of the strategy is to ensure that 
the Group can be returned to the market as a viable financial institution after restructuring. This will be through 
recapitalisation of the resolution group on a consolidated basis at resolution group level by writing down and converting 
creditors’ claims. 
There is no minimum EU-wide level of the MREL requirement – each resolution authority is required to make a separate 
determination of the appropriate MREL requirement for each resolution group within its jurisdiction, depending on the 
resolvability, risk profile, systemic importance and other characteristics of each credit institution. The resolution strategy for 
the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group is single point of entry at the level of the Issuer being the resolution entity and the Issuer 
and its subsidiaries (including Vestjysk Bank) being the resolution group. 
The designation as a SIFI means that the Group will be subject to an MREL requirement corresponding to the sum of two 
times the solvency need, the capital conservation buffer and the SIFI buffer. 
In December 2021, the Danish FSA published the MREL requirement for Arbejdernes Landsbank to be phased in over a 
period running until 1 January 2026 (the “2021 MREL Requirement Decision”). As of 1 January 2022, Arbejdernes 
Landsbank on a consolidated basis must fulfil an MREL requirement on 13.1 per cent. of Arbejdernes Landsbank’s total 
REA and 6.0 per cent. of Arbejdernes Landsbank’s total exposure. The MREL requirement is based on numbers per mid 
2021, which means that Vestjysk Bank has been consolidated into Arbejdernes Landsbank’s MREL requirement. When 
Arbejdernes Landsbank’s MREL requirement has been fully phased in by 1 January 2026, the MREL requirement for 
Arbejdernes Landsbank will be 23.0 per cent. of Arbejdernes Landsbank’s total REA (or 23.5 per cent. on the basis of the 
current solvency need of 10.00 per cent. Furthermore, the 2021 MREL Requirement Decision sets out that as of 1 January 
2022 an amount equal to 13.1 per cent. of Arbejdernes Landsbank’s total REA must be met with own funds instruments and 
liabilities that bear losses before senior claims (the “MREL subordination requirement”). The MREL subordination 
requirement is based on numbers per mid-2021. On 30 September 2022, the MREL subordination requirement is set to 14.1 
per cent. of Arbejdernes Landsbank’s total REA reflecting the planned re-activation of the countercyclical capital buffer for 
Danish exposures. The MREL subordination requirement will also be gradually phased in until 1 January 2026 where a 
MREL subordination requirement of 24.0 per cent. of Arbejdernes Landsbank’s total REA will apply.  
The MREL requirement will be set at the end of each year on the basis of numbers for that preceding year (but may be 
updated over the year and may change over the year and the contemplated phase-in of Arbejdernes Landsbank’s MREL 
requirement may also deviate from what is set out and anticipated in the 2021 MREL Requirement Decision.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
The MREL requirement can be met by, inter alia, Common Equity Tier 1 instruments, Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments, 
Tier 2 Capital instruments and MREL eligible liabilities, including non-preferred senior instruments with a maturity of more 
than 1 year. Currently, the Group expects that the requirement for the MREL add-on will primarily be met by issuing non-
preferred senior instruments, such as the Notes. Up to the final phase-in of the MREL add-on on 1 January 2026, the Group 
expects to have to issue a minimum of DKK 9 bn. in non-preferred senior instruments, such as the Notes, to cover the MREL 
requirement, depending on changes in risk exposures, solvency need and requirements for the countercyclical capital buffer. 
2.9 
Future capital adequacy rules 
On 27 October 2021, the European Commission announced a proposal to amend the CRR and the CRD, also known as Basel 
IV. The proposal entails that the expected date of entry into force of the amendments will be pushed from 1 January 2023 to 
1 January 2025. 
The Group uses the standardized approach for calculating risks and has noted that substantial changes to credit risk and 
market risk have been proposed under the standardized approach, including stricter capital requirements for unutilized credit 
facilities and exposures secured by mortgages in real property. The Group’s projections show that, also after phasing in Basel 
IV, the Group will meet its capital target. 
2.10 
Leverage Ratio 
The leverage ratio is calculated as Tier 1 capital according to the fully phased-in definition, in relation to the total exposure. 
Through its leverage policy, the Group has set a framework for managing and monitoring the risk of excessive leverage. The 
aim of the Group’s leverage is set in accordance with the Group’s risk strategy, and the Group assesses that a leverage ratio 
of more than 6.0 per cent. is appropriate in relation to the Group’s business model. 
Leverage risk is defined in the CRR, which stipulates that a bank must have a leverage ratio of at least 3.0 per cent. 
At the end of 2021, the Group had a leverage ratio of 7.8 per cent. and thus meets both the minimum requirement and its 
leverage target by a solid margin.  
Leverage Ratio at the end of 2021 
Leverage ratio (%) 
7.8 
Tier 1 capital (DKKm) 
9,925.5 
Leverage-weighted exposures (DKKm) 
127,126.4 
 
2.11 
Liquidity 
Liquidity Risk is the risk that a lack of funding leads to excessive costs or prevents the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group from 
maintaining its business model or fulfilling its payment obligations.  
Liquidity Risk is measured and controlled through a range of metrics with applicable limits, including net stable funding ratio 
(NSFR), liquidity covered ratio (LCR) and LCR-ratio under severe stress scenarios.  
The Group’s operations are predominately funded through the following two material funding sources:  
 
Deposits (retail and corporate deposits).  
 
Shareholders’ equity and subordinated debt.  
Of deposits and other payables as pr. 31 December 2021 totalling DKK 89 billion, DKK 70 billion is covered by the Danish 
Deposit Guarantee Scheme. The remaining deposits of approximately DKK 19 billion are not covered by a guarantee scheme.  
For short-term liquidity in foreign currency, the Group uses money-market funding from other credit institutions.  
The below table illustrates the maturity structure of the Group’s total funding as of 31 December 2021. 
 
Group Funding at the end of 2021 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Funding 
2021 
DKKm 
Sight 
deposits 
0-3 months 
DKKm 
3-12 
months 
DKKm 
1-5 years 
DKKm 
More than 5 
years 
DKKm 
Deposits (Excl. Funds Deposits) 
71.720,0 
68.906,6 
816,0 
326,5 
449,6 
1.221,3 
Debt to Credit Institutions 
380,8 
347,1 
33,4 
0,3 
Issued Bonds 
348,4 
348,4

--- Page 93 ---
93 
Tier 2 Capital 
1.497,7 
224,6 
1.273,1 
Additional Tier 1 Capital 
754,5 
442,8 
159,9 
51,9 
99,9 
Equity (Excl. Additional Tier 1 Capital) 
11.098,4   
  
  
  
11.098,4 
Total Maturity 
  
69.696,5 
849,4 
711,0 
2.123,0 
12.419,9 
Total Funding 
85.799,8 
16.103,3 
15.253,9 
14.542,9 
12.419,9 
0,0 
 
In the coming years, the issuance of NPS instruments will also be a material funding source for the Group. 
2.11.1 
Net stable funding ratio  
The net stable funding ratio (NSFR) focuses on the long-term funding and serves to define the minimum acceptable amount 
of stable funding, based on the Group’s liquidity characteristics of assets and activities over a one-year time horizon. The 
NSFR-ratio became a regulatory requirement from Q2-2021 with assumptions defined in CRR. 
As of end 2021, the Group’s NSFR-ratio was 137 per cent. Currently the Group’s minimum target for NSFR is a Group-
NSFR of 110 per cent. 
The table below shows the calculation of Group-NSFR as pr. 31 December 2021.  
Arbejdernes Landsbank Group - NSFR at the end of 2021 
  
  
DKKm 
Available stable funding  
90,215.3 
Required stable funding 
65,732.2 
NSFR (%) 
137.2 
 
2.11.2 
Liquidity covered ratio  
The Group is required to maintain an adequate level of unencumbered high-quality liquid assets that can be converted into 
cash to meet liquidity needs over a 30-calendar day horizon under a pre-defined significantly severe liquidity stress scenario. 
This is measured by the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) which is based on a 30-day liquidity stress scenario, with 
assumptions defined in the LCR regulation.  
The primary focus in the management of the Group’s LCR buffer is on the total amount of LCR eligible Level 1 and Level 
2 assets whereas the split between Level 1a and other eligible LCR assets is of secondary importance as far as overall 
compliance is achieved.  
Relative to the LCR Regulation, the Group calculated its LCR as of 31 December 2021 at 249 per cent. relative to the Group’s 
minimum target for LCR of 130 per cent.  
The table below shows the calculation of LCR for the Group pr. 31 December 2021. 
 Arbejdernes Landsbank Group - LCR at the end of 2021 
  
  
DKKm 
Total liquidity buffer 
34.8 
Net outflow 
13.8 
LCR (%) 
249.0 
 
The Group’s compliance with the LCR-ratio in stress scenarios is monitored as well. Three scenarios are used: an 
idiosyncratic scenario, a capital market scenario and a combination scenario. The Group is responsible for ensuring that the 
Group can, at all times, meet critical survival horizons in the three scenarios. 
3 
Sustainability 
Sustainability has entered the strategic agenda for the financial sector in earnest. The sector has a vital role in the transition 
to a green economy, and it is encountering more regulation and increasing reporting requirements. For more than a century, 
Arbejdernes Landsbank has been run on an ethically and socially responsible foundation, and in 2021 Arbejdernes Landsbank 
placed sustainability to an even higher strategic level with even more ambitious objectives. Arbejdernes Landsbank’s 
ambition is to be recognised as one of the most sustainable banks in Denmark by 2025.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
Arbejdernes Landsbank is a signatory to the UN Principles for Responsible Banking, the UN Principles for Responsible 
Investment and the UN Global Compact. Consequently, Arbejdernes Landsbank is obligated to report Arbejdernes 
Landsbank’s footprint on the outside world and the UN Sustainable Development Goals as well as to set goals that contribute 
to increasing the positive impacts and reducing the negative impacts. In 2021, Arbejdernes Landsbank started publishing 
climate accounts of the indirectly financed emissions of CO2, and this help to shed light on how much Arbejdernes Landsbank 
Group’s economic activities affect the climate. The accounts will play a role in Arbejdernes Landsbank’s ambitions and work 
to set goals and reduce the Group's funded CO2-footprint. 
 
4 
Credit rating 
Arbejdernes Landsbank is rated by Moody’s. On 31 May 2022, Moody’s assigned a long term unsecured rating of A2 and a 
short term unsecured rating of P-1 to Arbejdernes Landsbank. These ratings are based on a baseline credit assessment (BCA) 
and adjusted BCA of baa2. The rating of Arbejdernes Landsbank includes three notches of uplift on the basis of Moody’s 
loss given failure analysis of Arbejdernes Landsbank. Moody’s has affirmed these ratings in its credit opinion of 3 June 2022. 
Moody’s credit rating report in respect of Arbejdernes Landsbank may be obtained via https://www.al-bank.dk/om-
banken/fakta-og-historik/al-i-tal/moodys-rating. 
5 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
Operating in a legal and regulatory environment exposes the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group to potentially significant 
litigation and regulatory risks. The Arbejdernes Landsbank Group is and may become involved in various disputes and legal 
proceedings in Denmark and other jurisdictions, including litigation and regulatory investigations. Such disputes and legal 
proceedings are subject to many uncertainties, and outcomes are often difficult to predict, particularly in the earlier stages of 
a case or investigation.  
The Arbejdernes Landsbank Group is a party to a certain number of legal disputes arising from its business activities. 
Provisions for legal disputes are recognised where a legal or constructive obligation has incurred as a result of past events 
and it is probable that there will be an outflow of resources that can be reliably estimated. The Arbejdernes Landsbank Group 
estimates these legal disputes on the basis of an evaluation of the most likely outcome. Provisions are measured at the present 
value of the anticipated expenditure for settlement of the legal or constructive obligation that reflects the risks specific to the 
obligation.  
As at the date of this Prospectus there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) which may have, or have had in the past 12 
months, significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer and/or the Arbejdernes Landsbank Group.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
TAXATION 
 
Persons considering the purchase, ownership or disposition of the Notes should consult their own tax advisers concerning 
the tax consequences in the light of their particular situation. No representations with respect to the tax consequences of any 
particular Noteholder are made hereby. 
Danish Taxation 
The following is a summary description of the taxation in Denmark of the Notes according to the Danish tax laws in force as 
of the date of this Prospectus and is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation and application thereof, which 
changes could be made with retroactive effect. The summary assumes that the Noteholder is the beneficial owner of the Notes 
and payments thereon. The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax 
considerations that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, hold or dispose of the Notes, and does not purport to deal with 
the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as professional dealers in securities) may 
be subject to special rules. Potential investors are under all circumstances strongly recommended to contact their own tax 
advisor to clarify the individual consequences of their investment, holding and disposal of the Notes. The Issuer makes no 
representations regarding the tax consequences of purchase, holding or disposal of the Notes. 
Taxation at source 
Under existing Danish tax laws, no general withholding tax or coupon tax will apply to payments of interest or principal or 
other amounts due on the Notes, other than in certain cases on payments in respect of controlled debt in relation to the Issuer 
as referred to in the Danish Corporation Tax Act (Consolidated Act no. 251 of 22 February 2021, as amended from time to 
time) (in Danish: selskabsskatteloven). This will not have any impact on Noteholders who do not directly or indirectly control, 
or are controlled by, the Issuer, and provided that the Noteholders and the Issuer are not in a relationship due to joint control 
by a group of shareholders. 
Resident Noteholders 
Private individuals, including persons who are engaged in financial trade, companies and similar enterprises resident in 
Denmark for tax purposes or receiving interest on the Notes through their permanent establishment in Denmark are liable to 
pay tax on such interest. 
Capital gains are taxable to individuals and corporate entities in accordance with the Danish Capital and Exchange Gains Act 
(Consolidated Act no. 1283 of 25 October 2016, as amended from time to time) (in Danish: kursgevinstskatteloven"). Gains 
and losses on Notes held by corporate entities are generally taxed in accordance with a mark-to-market principle (in Danish: 
lagerprincippet), i.e. on an unrealised basis. 
Gains and losses on Notes issued to individuals are generally taxed on a realised basis. The net gains are taxed as capital 
income at a rate of up to 42 per cent. in 2022. However, this tax rate does not apply if the individual is engaged in financial 
trade and considered a professional trader. The gain or loss will only be included in the taxable income when the net capital 
gain or loss for the year on all debt claims, debt denominated in foreign currency and investment certificates in bond-based 
investment funds subject to the minimum taxation exceeds a total of DKK 2,000 (2022 level).  
A variety of features regarding interest and principal may apply to the Notes. The applicable taxation of capital gains to 
corporate entities or individuals will depend on the features applicable to the Notes in question. 
Non-resident Noteholders 
Under existing Danish tax laws, payments of interest or principal amounts to any non-resident Noteholder are not subject to 
taxation in Denmark, other than in certain cases on payments in respect of controlled debt in relation to the Issuer as referred 
to under “Taxation at source” above. Thus, no Danish withholding tax will be payable with respect to such payments and 
any capital gain realised upon the sale, exchange or retirement of a Note will not be subject to taxation in Denmark, other 
than in certain cases on payments in respect of controlled debt in relation to the Issuer as referred to under “Taxation at 
source” above. 
This tax treatment applies solely to Noteholders who are not subject to full tax liability in Denmark or included in a Danish 
joint taxation scheme and do not carry on business in Denmark through a permanent establishment to which the Notes are 
allocated.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax (“FTT”) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for a Directive for a 
common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (together, 
the “participating Member States”). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has a very broad scope and could, if introduced in its current form, apply to certain dealings in 
the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions referred to in 
Article 5(c) Regulation (EC) no. 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt.  
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside of the 
participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at least one party is a financial 
institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed 
to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a 
person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is 
issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may therefore be altered 
prior to implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act Withholding 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a “foreign financial 
institution” (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru 
payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial 
institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including Denmark) have entered into, or have agreed in substance 
to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which 
FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an 
IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain 
aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, including whether withholding 
would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, are uncertain 
and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on instruments such as Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which 
final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised as 
debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued 
on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are filed 
with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially 
modified after such date. However, if additional Notes (as described under Condition 18 (Further issues)) that are not 
distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to 
withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration 
of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Noteholders should consult their own tax advisers 
regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant 
to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result 
of the withholding.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
The Dealers have in a programme agreement dated on or about the date of this Prospectus (the “Programme Agreement”) 
agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. The Programme 
Agreement extends to those matters stated under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. The Programme Agreement, inter 
alia, provides that the Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission payable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase of 
Notes. Furthermore, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the 
establishment and further updates of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme. The Programme Agreement 
also makes provision for the resignation or termination of the appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of 
additional Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular tranche of Notes. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, US persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that, except as permitted by the Programme Agreement, it has not offered or sold and will not offer, sell or deliver 
Notes of any identifiable Tranche (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion 
of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, US persons and it will have sent to each Dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period 
a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, US persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S 
under the Securities Act. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of the Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, 
an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the relevant 
Final Terms, in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms, in 
relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member 
State: 
(i) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(ii) at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer(s) nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; 
or

--- Page 98 ---
98 
(iii) at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in any Member 
State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the 
Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors 
Unless the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Prospectus as completed by the relevant 
Final Terms, in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable” in relation to the United Kingdom, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms, in 
relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United 
Kingdom: 
(i) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(ii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation), in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer(s) 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(iii) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in the United 
Kingdom means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the 
Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that:

--- Page 99 ---
99 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary activities involve 
it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business 
and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities 
involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes 
of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention 
of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be communicated 
any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) 
received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA 
does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in 
relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Denmark 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer, sell or deliver any of the Notes directly or indirectly in Denmark 
by way of a public offering, unless in compliance with, as applicable, the Prospectus Regulation, the Danish Consolidated 
Act no. 2014 of 1 November 2021 on Capital Markets, as amended, and Executive Orders issued thereunder and in 
compliance with Executive Order no. 191 of 31 January 2022, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time, 
issued pursuant to the Danish Financial Business Act. 
Norway 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that, unless the Issuer has confirmed in writing to each Dealer that the Prospectus 
has been filed with the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway, it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will 
not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Norway or to residents of Norway except: 
a) 
in respect of an offer of Notes addressed to investors subject to a minimum purchase of Notes for a total consideration 
of not less than €100,000 per investor, or in respect of Notes whose denomination per unit amounts to at least €100,000; 
b) 
to “professional investors” (in Norwegian: profesjonelle kunder) as defined in Section 10-6 of the Norwegian Securities 
Trading Act of 29 June 2007 no. 75; 
c) 
to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than “professional investors” as defined in section 10-6 of the 
Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007 no. 75); or 
d) 
in any other circumstances provided that no other such offer of Notes shall result in a requirement for the registration 
or the publication by the Issuer of a prospectus pursuant to the Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007 no 
75. 
Notes denominated in Norwegian Krone (NOK) may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, within the Kingdom of 
Norway or to or for the benefit of Norwegian purchasers, unless such Notes are registered with the Norwegian Central 
Securities Depository (Verdipapirsentralen ASA (trading as Euronext Securities Oslo)) or another securities depository which 
is properly authorised or recognised by the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway as being entitled to register such 
bonds pursuant to the CSD Act and the CSDR. 
Sweden 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer for subscription or purchase or issue invitations to subscribe for or buy 
or sell any Notes or distribute any draft or final document in relation to any such offer, invitation or sale in Sweden except in 
circumstances that will not result in a requirement to prepare a prospectus pursuant to the provisions of the Prospectus 
Regulation or any other laws applicable in Sweden. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act no. 25 
of 1948, as amended, the “FIEA”). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will

--- Page 100 ---
100 
not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under 
Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act no. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to 
others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan, except pursuant 
to an exemption from the registration requirements of and, otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable 
laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws, regulations and 
guidelines (where relevant and applicable) in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or 
possesses or distributes this Prospectus or any advertisement or other offering material and will obtain any consent, approval 
or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws, regulations and guidelines 
(where relevant and applicable) in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, 
sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers represents that any Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or 
assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other additional restrictions as the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
1. The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in Denmark in connection with the 
issue and performance of the Notes. The establishment of the Programme (and subsequent updates hereof) was 
duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer passed on 10 May 2022. 
2. There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Issuer or the Group since 31 
December 2021 nor has there been any material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer 
since 31 December 2021. 
3. There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which the Issuer is aware) as at the date of this Prospectus which may have, or have had in the past 
12 months, significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer and/or the Group. 
4. The Common Code, the International Securities Identification Number (“ISIN”), Financial Instrument Short 
Name (“FISN”), Classification of Financial Instruments Code (“CFI”) (as applicable) and (where applicable) the 
identification number for any other relevant clearing or settlement system for each Tranche and Series of Notes 
will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.  
5. There are no material contracts entered into in the ordinary course of the Issuer’s business which could result in 
any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its 
obligations to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued. 
6. Where information in this Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information has been accurately 
reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information published by such third 
parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The 
source of third-party information is identified where used.  
7. So long as Notes are capable of being issued under the Programme, copies of the following documents (and 
English translations where the documents in question are not in English) will, when published, be available at 
https://www.al-bank.dk/en/in-english/management-of-the-bank/general-meeting and/or https://www.al-
bank.dk/om-banken/ir/gaeld-og-fundingstrategi:  
(i) 
the Articles of Association of the Issuer; 
(ii) a copy of this Prospectus; 
(iii) any future supplements and Final Terms to this Prospectus. 
The document specified in sub-paragraph (i) above is a direct English translation of the Danish language original. 
In the event that there are any inconsistencies or discrepancies between the Danish language versions and the 
English translations thereof, the original Danish language versions shall prevail. 
8. EY Godkendt Revisionspartnerselskab, Dirch Passers Allé 36, DK-200 Frederiksberg, Denmark, represented by 
Lars Rhod Søndergaard (mne no. 28632) and Thomas Hjortkjær Petersen (mne no. 33748) State Authorised Public 
Accountants and members of Foreningen af Statsautoriserede Revisorer have audited the Issuer’s consolidated 
annual financial statements for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021, which were 
prepared in accordance with the Danish Financial Business Act (and Executive Orders issued pursuant thereto) 
and in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU, without qualification. 
EY Godkendt Revisionspartnerselskab has not audited, reviewed, or produced any report on any other information 
provided in this Prospectus. 
9. Some of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged in, and may in the future engage in, investment banking and 
other commercial dealings in the ordinary course of business with the Issuer or its affiliates. They have received, 
or may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions for these transactions. In addition, in the ordinary 
course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments 
and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including 
bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities 
activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or 
their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer 
consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge 
such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the 
creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes. Any such short positions could adversely

--- Page 102 ---
102 
affect future trading prices of the Notes. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial 
instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities 
and instruments. 
10. The language of this Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited in 
their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law. 
11. In this Prospectus, references to websites or uniform resource locators (each, a “URL”) are inactive textual 
references and are included for information purposes only. The contents of any such website or URL shall not 
form part of, or be deemed to be incorporated into, this Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by 
reference into this Prospectus.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
ISSUER 
Aktieselskabet Arbejdernes Landsbank 
Vesterbrogade 5 
DK–1620 Copenhagen V 
Denmark 
LEGAL ADVISER TO THE ISSUER 
as to Danish law 
Gorrissen Federspiel Advokatpartnerselskab 
Axeltorv 2 
DK-1609 Copenhagen V 
Denmark 
AUDITORS OF THE ISSUER 
EY Godkendt Revisionspartnerselskab  
Dirch Passers Allé 36 
DK-2000 Frederiksberg 
Denmark 
ARRANGER 
Danske Bank A/S 
2-12 Holmens Kanal 
DK-1092 Copenhagen K 
Denmark 
DEALERS 
Danske Bank A/S 
2-12 Holmens Kanal 
DK-1092 Copenhagen K 
Denmark 
Nykredit Bank A/S 
Kalvebod Brygge 1-3 
DK-1780 Copenhagen V 
Denmark 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE DEALERS 
as to Danish law 
as to Norwegian law 
Accura Advokatpartnerselskab 
Tuborg Boulevard 1 
DK-2900 Hellerup 
Denmark 
Advokatfirmaet BAHR AS 
Tjuvholmen Allé 16 
NO-0252 Oslo 
Norway 
VP ISSUING AGENT 
Aktieselskabet Arbejdernes Landsbank 
Vesterbrogade 5 
DK–1620 Copenhagen V 
Denmark